00a0b71dbc2febffb4e291e29f49f91771ded88fe2fa906134e7696263850277;;;Support network issues;;;What issues do y ou have with your support group?  For me nobody really listens to what I say, everything I say they'll just dismiss, say oh everyone does that sometimes or they try change my opinion about it (this never works).  Id rather be treated like a normal human being, I don't mind people sharing there opinions with me but to continually try and force things upon me just pushes me further away from everyone. They still don't realise my withdrawal has been a conscience decision.  No one knows who I am only me, I've spent my whole life being  talked down to and conditioned by everyone around me. Everyone thinks I'm lazy and incapable at the things I've attempted. They assume it just got too hard for me. Everyone always says I'm too hard on myself but I'm not I know what i can achieve and its much more than anyone else thinks. Everyone either doesn't believe in adhd or don't want me to get on meds.   I've known my problems for many years and I'm just trying to get better but my support group doesn't help everything has to be done there way and  They're always right. I think they assume I'm crazy and should have no rights and can't make any decisions for myself.  It's been so frustrating I feel so alone and I just want to get better but within this community I don't think I can, everyone treats me as if im incapable to think for myself, they blow my issues out of proportion, they think they know the cause of my issues but they really don't. I know people care about me but there's a difference between caring and controlling.   What can I do? for as long as i can remember people act completely different around me, exclude me, continually testing me, trying to change my opinions, treat me younger than I am and blatantly make fun of me in front of me. Everyone thinks they think on a much higher cognitive level than I do and assume I'm dumb when I'm unsure on certain things.  Its hard to get a grasp on things when you've been constantly mislead and lied to all your life, excluded form things and treated like a lazy person whom has no empathy for anyone else. the only solution is to move away. It'll be impossible to show these people who I actually am they're all to preoccupied with they're idea of who i am which is completely false. Although part of me doesn't want to move away so i can prove to everybody how wrong they were.   I'm 21 now and this year is the first time I've tried to open up about my problems its been hard as I'm trying to share things that have never been shared they're is so many things I want to share but its hard to put words to what i want to say. For all I know the thoughts aren't even in English as I've never felt the need or tried to communicate them across to people. Its made even harder when noone believes you.
