00f1c9301af8b9f022e5eebc2a97a2951a82ac5eb9e0b145a5085ec8784fa521;;;[slight rant] Sorry in advance. I think I'm completely losing it.;;;**tl;dr: School is making my life hell and I just really want to go sleep all of the time.**  I haven't really slept at all, so the coherence of this post is going to be rather questionable...  But. So. Yeah. I think I probably have ADHD? People tend to joke about me having it, for starters, and I was kind of a poster child in the fourth grade. Couldn't concentrate on the teacher, has issues "transitioning" - tended to get distracted on the way if I didn't like the next activity. Had mental blocks to do homework and got distracted constantly. Was always really fidgetly, and preferred standing up to sitting down and walked around the classroom a lot. Talked a lot and irritated all of the other kids. Really sucked with details, missed homeworks constantly, made stupid mistakes and neglected details. Issue was, there was another kid who was a even better "poster child" because he was even more hyperactive (turn out he was just kind of attention seeking? He didn't have any attention issues, and wasn't really hyperactive after the one detention and parent-teacher conference he had. I only know this because my mom worked at my school back then, so I was usually stuck with the teacher for an extra 15-20 min after school ended. Which absolutely SUCKED. But not blaming the kid though, he was pretty nice otherwise). What didn't help was that my teacher sucked and hated me and just didn't notice/care about this stuff and everything was attributed to me being lazy and just generally not caring.  Wait. That wasn't supposed to be so long. Sorry, friends. The number of responses I'm going to get is going to be very very small.  But fast forward to right now! I'm actually completely dying. All of my good friends are genuinely concerned, and my two (wait, three actually. I forgot about one of them because the other two are good friends.) favourite teachers have actually asked me what's wrong because I can't even get shit done in *their* classes. Haven't caved yet though. Nothing knows anything beyond the fact that I am dying.  ...I'm so so sorry this is so so long though, really. I'm questioning whether or not to finish it.  Guess I'll write more anyway. So now, I can't concentrate on shit. It's impossible for me to not get distracted after more than 5 min of doing a task. AND I find it really, really hard to read text that is long, even if I enjoy it, so trying to study for exams that I dislike is just a really bad joke (and midterms are next week. I hate AP chem so so much). And I'm really fidgety and walk around too much (thankfully my calc teacher actually lets me *stand* in her class. You have no idea how helpful this is. It has actually saved me before). My short term memory make the people around me laugh/cry depending on the situation (but mostly just kills me because I didn't even remember that calc homework we had a week and a half to do....and the sad part was, I really DID forget, it wasn't just laziness). Oh, and my internal motivation to do shit is gone and I'm really struggling in most of my classes; the only thing keeping me going is my mild interest in French and calc but mostly the fear of my parents getting mad. And my concept of time sucks - guess who loses track of what they're doing really, really easily, and never is on time to anything (I don't think I've ever started a long-term assignment on time). Oh and I constantly lie about this shit to everyone around me and I thought I had it kinda under control but everyone's been asking questions so I've being lying to myself too apparently. But I lie because I'm ashamed to admit how bad I am, honestly. Can't stand to really look at myself or tell anyone - why do you think this is on reddit? Oh and when I *do* try to talk to people *I* talk too much usually, plus I interrupt them, and have to apologise constantly for my annoyingness.   Used to have hyperfocus for reading too, back in elementary school (in high school now) but it used to be the greatest thing, and oh what I'd do to be able to study for that goddamn chemistry exam. But I'm cracking and I just want to go to bed but will probably just kill a few more hours.  Sorry for the wall of text. I wouldn't read it either.
