02ea02f92d0e2853ddc3d7444dcb7aae4a546d8bff494122546d44633515501e;;;Private diagnosis for adult ADHD in the UK - please help, thank you.;;;Hi:  First things first I'm sorry if this is totally in the wrong place etc, I'm new to this whole fantastic world of Reddit.  I'm kinda stuck on getting a diagnosis of ADHD my GP gave me a refferal through the NHS but advised me that the waiting list can be up to 18 months long; not very helpful, I'm struggling with my PhD as it is. So I started looking for alternatives in the private sector, I have found two places so far they have both given me pretty ouch-y quotes, to be fair I know I can probably find the money I just want to get the best service for it as it is a lot of money. Has anyone ever dealt with either The Priory Hospital Altrincham or Simply Wellbeing? The priory quoted me a psychiatrist for £250/hr and didnt mention how long appointments typically last, while simply wellbeing have said £845 for all the testing.  I try my best to cope with the symptoms without any form of ADHD medication, I have music on all the time (which I shouldnt do working in a lab, but it makes me pay more attention), I have a blob of blue tac that helps me deal with the urge to fiddle with everything, I do 1.5hrs in the gym every morning and some kind of martial arts class in the evening every week night, then I just walk every where. I still can't have a productive day without taking caffine tablets to keep me focused and allowing myself an extra long lunch break to make me work in the afternoons at all - I am so lucky my supervisor is so understanding of all my quirks. I have Irlen syndrome and dyslexia (sorry for all the spelling mistakes in this waffle) and when I'm in my supervisors office I have to sit on the floor and look up at him as his carpet is so pattern-y that I see it moving like a lake of lava even through my coloured lenses... Anyways I digress - again.  So in short please help, kinda new to this whole thing and still obsessivly analysing all my personality and tying it into the ADHD traits etc.  TL;DR Been given a referral by my GP to an NHS adult ADHD specialist which I have been advised will take up to 18 months, I'm struggling with my PhD as it is and need help sooner. I have found a few private places in the UK but am looking for the best option as it is expensive. Any advice would be greatly appreciated; pleases and thankyou's.
