032c1c9376e3b5f2dc7c0c2f38bc7f370e62b7e054a0b38b3d4eb108265391b5;;;Frustrated and barely functioning;;;I was on 60mg of Adderall throughout college. Now I'm on 60mg of Vyvanse that stopped working. When I try to talk to a doctor I tend to get off focus onto what they are trying to say and can't actually listen to everything they are saying. I seem to only catch half. Anyways, my point is that it's hard to get anyone to actually see this as a problem. I'm completely frustrated. I relate to everything said here. My other diagnoses are just weighing down this one which IS the problem. My other meds are "working". I am not depressed, blah blah. I don't even know how to explain. I'm on a nice coctail of medications for different things. Throughout college, I was on all of the same meds except instead of 60 of vyvanse I was on 60 of adderall. Many doctors over look the significance of the adhd since my stupid bipolar diagnosis which my therapist doesn't believe, my old psychiatrist thought most of my problems (moodiness) were from my mother. Yada yada, it probably shouldn't even be there is the sum of it all. But it's one of those "once it is on there it's next to impossible to take off"     I've been diagnosed with ADHD and been on meds for that since I was 14. Since the bipolar diagnosis they have taken me off and then slowly put me back on and now that I've moved and I'm seeing a new psychiatrist, well it's like starting over.     I have no motivation, I can't seem to finish anything. I can barely finish a thought when I attempt to look back and read this. My functioning is down to almost nothing. I was able to finish school (with medication). They see my dose as "too high" (which it is kinda high but my tolerance is really high too).     My current doctor literally spent 10 minutes getting my history. I feel like I'm going doctor shopping and all they're going to look at is "is she trying to just get some controlled substances" WHICH I'M NOT!!! I'm trying to function. I'm trying to actually write a cover letter without getting distracted by real estate or something else. I am trying to get a job but I get distracted from job to job. I'm beyond frustrated. Without like 15 cups of coffee my motivation to actually try to get a job simply doesn't exist.     Even if I got a job, my ability to listen is sub-par. I was working for 3 weeks and ugh, it took me forever to learn. I hate saying "what" all the time or asking the same question over and over again. Well, my boss seems to hate that. I don't catch on quickly the way I used to. I'm like in space. I'm all over the place.  I'm beyond frustrated. If anyone is in the NYC area and has any suggestions on a psychiatrist that will actually listen, please let me know. I don't know what to do anymore. I haven't gotten anywhere in life since I've been off meds. I've gone from one thing to the next to the next without being able to stay on task or finish anything. I'm shocked I was able to finish school at this point; I always wanted to go to grad school but taking the LSATS in June seems impossible right now without the 15 cups of coffee a day. And even with the coffee, I'm still not the way I used to be when I was on the 60 of adderall. It's hard for me to think that I was actually able to function.     Maybe printing this out to a psychiatrist would help. I don't know what to do!!! I called a specialist in the NYC area who isn't taking patients. Doing research on finding a doctor is a daunting task that I keep getting distracted from based on other stuff on the internet/looking for coops/trying to write a cover letter/trying to find any job and actually focus on trying to find the job/having the motivation. My brain is all over the place. I feel like I'm just getting dumber.   Sorry for all of this venting. If anyone has had the patience to read any of this, any advice is appreciated.     TL;DR have other diagnoses,  moved to a new area, seeing a new psychiatrist, frustrated, anyone know a good psychiatrist in the nyc area that knows/specializes in adhd?
