038d17f4b7f59b52a7392abd43876f50e974244382d059625c2cd275a193a6b2;;;Too multifaceted/too many interests?? Can't decide on a career.;;;I like music, martial arts, philosophy and debate, writing, basketball, poker, pool, the list goes on and on. And I want to try my hand at acting, comedy, etc. I also like to party and socialize a lot, and enjoy the moment, so giving that up to pursue something relentlessly just doesn't seem to fit my personality.   I would say that my number 1 interest is music, but within that I like many genres, and I am talented (considering how little time I've invested, mediocre relatively speaking) at singing, rapping, guitar, drums. So even within that I would have to choose a specialty. Hell I even want to try hip hop dance.   I mean, I'm fucking 24, and still don't know who I am. I have a decent knowledge of self, arguably more than most. I think for myself, and come to my own conclusions, don't identify with a political party, or religion, or any basic life philosophy; my beliefs change rapidly as new data pours in. There's no box that I fit in. I like intricate metal and tasteless industry hip hop at the same time. I love playing basketball but I find it hard to relate to your average hooper. I don't want to talk about who was traded to what team yada yada.  I don't really subscribe to the whole my name is ___ and I'm a ____ idea so it's not exactly killing me that I don't know what I want to do. I always thought a career was an arbitrary concept anyway.   I guess maybe ADHD contributes to this dilemma, never really giving anything a full chance because we have shiny object syndrome, unable to put off instant gratification in pursuit of long term goals.   I love guitar, put practice scales is boring. Then I eventually want to play drums for a few hours too. Oh my friend called about a pickup game. Let's go do that. Shit! Let's get high and make beats in my friends studio. Damn! Gotta finish those scales. But they're soooo boring. But I have to practice so I can play more complex stuff besides creed riffs and everlast for the 20th time this week. You get the gist.   I Guess my question is, what the hell should I do? How do I find my "thing"? I have many things, which I will never master, because I have too many things, and things within those things. I have to pay bills, so there goes 40 hours spent on something I don't want to do. What to do with the other 40 hours? I don't want to have job + hobbies and be lower middle class joe that never was when I'm 38? Is this what we as adhd'ers are doomed to be? I'm in analysis paralysis right now.   My life is in shambles. I have no job, money, or car, my family just thinks I'm lazy still (bootstrap republicans ftw). I've worked dead end jobs since 18, dropped out of college, didn't have the funds to go anyway. Let alone the attention span or desire.   I live in a town that I hate, with family that I don't relate to, I'm stuck here because I don't have the attention span or the self discipline to fill out more than 2 applications, to be able to go to some job I hate. By hate I mean my brain shuts off and I get so fatigued by the boredom, I don't have the same ability to tolerate boredom as neurotypical people do.  Should I go to the psych and get officially diagnosed? I am in a hole here. Does medication help? This post took a dark twist haha. Oh well, just being real. I feel lost, and I don't know where to begin. I want to ask my family for help, but I feel like they won't believe me, and think I'm making excuses, or they will condescend me and start to "take me under their wing" and use me as a covert ego boost. Yeah, they're those "bless your heart" type of southerners. Bunch of baptist Christians. Incapable of nuance or abstract concepts. I feel like I'm in the twilight zone.  Wow, what an introductory post.
