03931d1d3b6ed1b8c6f12487b04b53342468ad3fb24dfc7370cc26f7f6896e0f;;;treating add/adhd holistically;;;I don't want to get meds, one because I'm poor and two because I think it's treatable by my diet.. Last year my diet was terrible.. I worked at a snack bar and I ate cotton candy and drank red bull. I also smoked plenty of newports. after another health issue came up, I changed my diet completely, no sugar intake not even fruits. No white flour, no dairy, only veggies, millet grain, eggs, fish.  I've never been tested for ADD .. i think i have it after what i read I can't tell if I was just a kid and had it, or if I was just a regular kid.. I can't really say for sure when it started.. Nobody ever caught on that I had ADD to this day I haven't told my parents.. I've told one of my co-workers but he doesn't really know the signs of ADD..  * I'm 17 - but I act like an idiot / say stupid shit at times * I can't multi-task for nothing * Huge procrastinator.. * my attention span is terrible * terrible social anxiety.. very few friends. * I constantly moving my legs or hands.  Someone could be talking to me and I'll completely block what their saying If I even look away for a second. Or I could be looking straight at their face and only focus on their teeth and not what they got to say.  Allot of times I'll start listening to what they have to say, reply, then they speak, and I completely didn't listen. -- Because of my other health problem which cost my family 2 weeks of hospital costs with no insur I can't afford to get tested and prescribed pills... I really wana go on a diet to treat ADD but not sure where to start.. I guess getting rid of stimulants would be great. I think I've done a good job at that. No sugar intake for the last 9 months.   I smoke weed, but idk.. the experience for some reason has changed from good to bad.... I used to smoke all the time and I really enjoyed it.. now I get pretty depressed.. I'm already depressed as it is. weed gets me to the point where I feel like shit. I can't concentrate while high either, so I doubt mary is good for treating ADD...  at least in my case..   --  **tl;dr** - I think I have ADD - can't afford meds/doctor visits - want to treat ADD holistically. I'm not sure if i have ADD or ADHD.  I think the latter..
