04e9c7d4b235a923e411900ccb4b9c9ead085c7881c8aaed323ac4286b897537;;;Got prescribed 30mg Elvanse today, got some questions.;;;I got prescribed 30mg Elvanse late last month and recently got it from the local pharmacy. This morning around 07:00 I consumed a 30mg capsule completely whole as it said in the instructions after having a nice breakfast. Didn't really feel anything at first but gradually over the course or 3-4 hours I started feeling things. First of all, I remembered better and didn't have to constantly fight myself to do things that aren't fun. Brushing my teeth, taking out the trash, cleaning the house etc. weren't the annoying chores they used to be anymore. I also used to hyperfocus all the time before, especially when playing video games or watching movies. Now? Not so much. I still hyperfocus but to a much smaller degree. I also found that my mood improved a lot and people even said that I seemed more approachable. Also I got this constant feeling of being awake or on alert.  However, that's where the positives end. First of all, I have vasoconstriction in my testicles/ballsack. Apparently this is a common thing with this type of medicine, but I wasn't prepared for it. It's like being in a really cold place but only for your ballsack. Super weird and kind of uncomfortable due to how small it gets. Second of all, my pupils became so freaking huge. Especially in darker rooms, it's like staring at a completely black void. I have green eyes, but you could barely see a green outline in a dark room because the pupils had dilated so much. That's kind of freaky and I'm scared of what other people might think. Third, I had some mild dry mouth and loss of appetite but nothing too insane. I used to get Ritalin as a kid and that stuff really messed me up and made me thin as hell. Lastly, I'm typing this right now from Norway at 01:12 at the time of checking it and I still feel awak or on alert. According to my doctor and the drug it should only last 14 hours but it's been well past that.  Should I be worrying right now?   Edit: For what it's worth I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 8 and Aspergers at the age of 12. I'm now 22 years old.
