05b02f5ab5ed5bd7e676256ca00650b2c1ef99181024a959242e73c3e754ea4d;;;Was diagnosed ADHD primarily H, after six years on Adderall I'm now primarily I?;;;When I was 25 I was diagnosed as ADHD with a serious emphasis on the H. Focus wasn't so much of a problem, but bouncing off the walls, twitchiness, uncontrollable fidgeting, and severe anxiety all were. I actually had more of a hyper-focus issue, where once my brain got stuck on something I couldn't stop thinking about it (leading to anxiety many times).   My doctor put me on Adderall XR 10mg twice daily, and that's the med I've been on since. It worked really well for a while, but over the last year I've been developing serious inattentive issues where I drift off in the middle of doing something and just start daydreaming or switch over to doing something else without even thinking about the thing I was doing before.  Is this common?  I feel like my meds have just changed the primary type of my ADHD rather than fixing it.   I talked to my doctor already, and we're trying out Strattera now. It's way too early to say if that's working or not, but I'm really curious about this side effect of Adderall. Is it even a side effect? Is it possible my brain chemistry has just changed? I have done the short medication vacations, and my hyperactivity comes back after a day or two. My ability to focus gets slightly better off the Adderall, but it's still pretty decreased from what I'm used to.  The only time I feel my focus come back to productive levels is on days when I have bad pain and I take Ultram along with my Adderall. Then suddenly I'm focused and calm and ready to take on any project thrown my way. Since I don't want to start taking my pain-killers every day, and I won't drive on them, so they're out of the question on work days, just taking Adderall and Ultram isn't really an option.   **TL;DR: Went from ADHD-H to ADHD-I after six years on Adderall. Now I'm only able to focus when I take Ultram with my Adderall. WTF?**
