06415b8f93523dedd19a0f17d4b32355f2b72d48e1847a287a9fa19672758d50;;;I don't know how to cope anymore;;;I finally reached out to the counseling center on my campus this semester.  I've been struggling a lot since starting college, and people close to me have been nudging me for a long time to try and get a diagnosis and assistance.  Last year I had mentioned to my doctor that I was struggling in school and constantly stressed/upset and someone close to me suggested I might have adhd that had never been diagnosed.  He kind of half laughed at me and just said I was in a hard major at school; study more. I had good grades in high school so there's no way I have it.  This made me feel really stupid and kind of made me dismiss wanting any help.    I started off this semester with planner in hand, and by the end of the second week I was spending the majority of my time sick, crying and stressed.  That's the point I knew I needed help; but my family is very against mental health issues even existing that I'm afraid to use our insurance somewhere.  When I went to the counseling office on campus, I just explained that I have trouble focusing/finishing anything I start, and that I make myself sick stressing over the work.  I've been going there for 2 months now, so I'm at the end of the free help they can offer.  I was told at the final session I was lazy, unmotivated and needed to get a tutor or switch majors and my stress would go away.  I guess I just don't know what to do from here.  I'm even more upset since reaching out for help, and have had some really bad times since.  I can't believe that I was told that since I've only been struggling grade wise since starting college, I'm just being lazy.  I tried explaining that it's not just my schoolwork, but even hobbies that I can't focus on and that's been a habit my whole life.  In high school it didn't affect me as much since I could finish my work in 15 minutes.  My concerns seemed to be ignored because I'm seen as well behaved, intelligent and happy, but I feel like my life is falling apart and I can't take it any longer.  Tl;dr: College sucks. Please send me photos of your pets.
