065c52000dee20fa4c504eb7a0ddb3655aa43d35103a4be2fbfeaf2692fef968;;;An email I sent to my music teacher regarding difficulties I am experiencing;;;Dear [teachers name removed for privacy]  After this coming lesson, I would like to take a short break of two weeks or so. I'm having difficulties finding motivation to practice - or even do anything much. It is sad after already such a long summer break, but I feel I'm wasting time repeating mistakes over and over that are not being ironed out.  This is consistent for my art as well, and I don't know how I will handle going back on the 28th. I have told one of the seniors of the situation but did not receive a response.   I have had problems with motivation and focus since I was a kid, it may well likely be some kind of ADD.  Now that I am coming into my third (maybe technically fourth) year of being at the art school with a very tiny portfolio that consists of photographs of long-binned artwork, it is becoming more and more obvious that I am getting older and the difficulties are not getting worse but becoming more obvious.  In my time at the school, I have watched people come and work full time and progress rapidly. I have seen people prepare entire portfolios within the time I have been there and begin taking commissions, I saw someone arrive and try and then decide he didn't like the system and then went onto prepare an application for a top US art university and then subsequently got accepted and left.   Meanwhile, I'm faffing around with my painting thinking about something irrelevant and not fixing the simple problem that the teacher pointed out an hour and a half ago. Add in the social anxiety problems and difficulties making friends and relating to the other people in my class and I just feel discouraged and at the end of every term I always ask myself "why am I here". But I always go back, I don't know why I am so persistent. I won't have anyone tell me "maybe this isn't for you".  All of this makes me quite sad.  A big problem I have is multi-tasking, which is ironic because of the dozens upon dozens of interests that I have.  It's not just doing two activities at the same time that I find difficult, it's having dual or more events or plans in a day or a week. If I know I have something to do at the end of the day or something big or important planned at the end of the week, it affects the quality of my focus up until the point that that happens. I've done it all, diaries and alarms and schedules, it's all useless.   I have read that ADD may not actually be a disorder, but a natural variation of the mind and the symptoms of which would have been extremely useful in a hunter-gather society - in fact in many primitive tribes, people with ADD/ADHD symptoms observably have an advantage.  The truth is though, none of the things I want to pursue are very compatible with ADD symptoms, and it's just my luck that it happened to go that way. I enjoy learning systems and finding out how things work which is probably why I'm drawn to both of those things. But singing and art both require stints of careful concentration to get better and get results; when I engage in something that requires concentration zoning out whilst mindlessly droning on with the physical aspect of what I am doing is extremely difficult to prevent.  And then there is the problem of getting swept up in something intriguing like an article on testing the ripeness of camembert, which leads to an afternoon of reading about cheese, which will end up with me watching a two hour documentary on cheese making and then it's time for bed and the next day I'll start reading about Japanese kanji and then I'll decide that I'll spend a week learning to read Japanese and then have an existential crisis over what I'll do, then I'll have a successful day in school and I'll decide that no, I want to draw for a living.   I have heard wonderful stories about Concerta, I have heard of people taking Concerta and then having a course of counselling because they become depressed about all their wasted opportunities and what could have been had they received a diagnosis sooner.  I have been waiting and waiting for this referral to the ASD specialist, but I feel that at the end of it I am going to get a diagnosis, but not the diagnosis that would give me access to this drug. I feel I want to go the GP about this as a separate issue, but I feel they may tell me that I am already in the system for something and have to see it out before pursuing another diagnosis.  By little stretch of the imagination, this all makes me a bit depressed but I dare not bring it up to the GP or the psychiatrists because the system favours treating common symptoms over more complex situations and concentration and motivation problems are common symptoms of depression. They would just put me on another course of citalopram.   So there we are really, that's where we are right now. I rang the ASD department and they haven't even issued me an appointment yet, I have no idea if the woman in charge has even gone through my questionnaires, as apparently she's only in the office 4 hours a day.  Thank you for listening
065c52000dee20fa4c504eb7a0ddb3655aa43d35103a4be2fbfeaf2692fef968;;;FINALLY. Waiting for my assessment date. :);;;I've been moping around here for a while and finally have some positive development to share. I spoke to the person in charge of processing referrals and they told me that I had just been diagnosed with autism and symptoms often get confused.  I firmly told them that the ADHD symptoms I described to my GP are the symptoms that most cause me trouble and she will not prescribe me medication until I have an assessment (she referred me for diagnosis). He agreed to send an email to the secretary of the department who will diagnose me and told me to wait for my appointment letter in the mail.  The consultant who I was referred to is retiring in April and so it is very likely I will see somebody else. Which makes me slightly sad, but I imagine his replacement will be equally specialised in the same fields.   I should note I am located in the UK and I actually just figured out why they raised the concern about already having recently been diagnosed Dx Having two referrals quite close together is probably quite costly for the NHS, the Asperger's assessment is already worth between £1000-£3000...
