06a0f1f0f1c712fdebacb3d53ee99a40617c3a3a63fb36037c017f01bb720c4e;;;A couple years ago, I asked question on r/entrepreneur, on how to keep motivation... last week, i got diagnosed with ADD;;;**TLDR: asked /r/entrepreneur how to keep motivation - no help - heard randomly about ADD a few months later, got diagnosed last week, after realising i was unable to manage my company - started a concerta treatment, no effect at all - my company has no chance to succeed if i don't change.**   I posted this thread, without even knowing the existence of ADD: http://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/comments/isvrn/how_do_you_keep_the_motivation/  I got many responses and advices, but of course none of them worked. I believe that anyone educated on ADHD could have spotted my behaviour was typical of ADD. Of course, this is not the only symptom I have, but after chronic procrastination, this is the one that bothers me the most.   I stumbled upon an ADD article about 3 months later, procrastinated 3 months before calling a doctor, who didnt know much about ADD - he recommended me to a specialist - procrastinated again. Then, last october I started working on a new project, hyperfocused, leaving aside everything else; quickly, I got many demands for my service - I think it's the only reason why i didnt give up like i did for my other projects.    So, i created a company in december, felt overwhelmed with everything associated with it, and after realizing i wasn't even able to keep up with the quote requests (wouldn't even take me that much time: I get about 2 per day, and sending a quote takes me about 30mn max), I realised I needed help. I took an appointment in January, went last week and got diagnosed with ADD - no surprise at all (i had no doubt, i have many symptoms of the inattentive type), I just felt relieved.  I'm on Concerta 36mg (I live in Spain, and I think Adderall is not legal here), but it doesnt work, at all! Today (4 hours ago), i took 2 pills, just to try (i know, i shouldnt, etc.. I won't do it again tomorrow). It still doesn't work. As a proof, I have 10 important quotes to send, waiting for days, weeks, even a month. it's my only objective for today, and im posting this thread to reddit instead.   I don't even know why i post this, i have no question to ask you. I'm just desperate, I really need this business to work, it's my only source of income, and with this irrational behavior of mine, i'm just shooting myself in the foot.
