071d7feb79b98814d194bdb93f7a7a67c062df7113c7aa533ab8cebb48d81391;;;Storytime;;;I feel like this is something a good many people come here and do but I feel compelled to anyway.  This is me: I'm 25. I was diagnosed in my early school years as ADD around 1st when I was getting in trouble for all the usual things; not paying attention, acting up, distracting myself, drawing all over everything. Over the next few years I was medicated off and on. Ritalin, Adderall, Concerta are the ones I remember. And they worked for the most part. I did quite well up until about middle or age 11.   One summer my family decided I didn't show symptoms any longer and didn't take me to a doctor anymore. They said it went away, a popular thought at the time. We also became progressively poor after that. My sixth grade year I started to slip. I paid less attention in class and struggled through my days, but I got first chair clairnet in band and remained the spotlight (gifted) class. And I passed, but it sucked and it was a lot harder than before.  The next year it got worse. I almost failed some important classes but i scratched by. I dropped band for a study hall and got in trouble for not keeping up with all of my classes. By the time of my freshman high school I was completely spent. I failed that year, having spent much of my time sleeping in class. I nearly stopped drawing altogether, something I used to have a lot of fun practicing. (In fact, now that I think about it, while medicated was when I was really putting effort into learning. Hm.)  Fast forward to now. (and really just to keep this from being way too lomg.) I failed the same year of high school four times in a row and was allowed to get my GED to get out. (I scored rather high on it btw) Worked dead end BS jobs for a few years at a time. Had about a 3 year "party period" where I smoked a lot of pot, cigarettes, and drank. I met a wonderful woman for whom I quit all of that.  After 4 years, I'm divorced after mistreating my wife (though we are still great friends just romantically involved) and I get to see my daughter every other weekend. Having never really lived on my own, I'm fully realizing the repercussions of not recognizing or treating my ADD and I'm in horrible shape because of it. I don't remember to pay my bills on time (my late rent has been in my wallet for a few weeks now), my house is a mess, my phone is broken and I haven't replaced it, my car is scrapped and I haven't towed it. My job of 3 years see me as skilled but lazy. My license is suspended because of tickets I kept forgetting to pay, and I've already been arrested and owe the local city over a thousand dollars by the beginning of next month. And under the pressure of all of this I've contemplated suicide several times over the past year, because I don't want to be a burden on anyone anymore. But like when I felt the same as a teenager I've always been too scared to do anything, I just fantasize.  But I've dreamt of doing so much with my life. I've fallen in love with and researched so many things from making music to starting a podcast or becoming a historian. From becoming a tattoo artist and eventually opening my own shop to owning a bookstore or cafe. I've looked into becoming an actor, a writer, a voice over artist. But I can never settle myself on one thing. I either get bored and move on or figure a reason I can't do it, usually money.  So I guess I've really come to this subreddit for help. Kinda desperate help. I don't really have many close friends and I'm just really lonely when it comes down to it. I keep pushing or keeping people away because I don't want to hurt anyone else, but then I also know I really need help.   TL;DR ADD is ruining my life and might actually kill me one day.
