0816a9f143fabb30cde508fcb1ea73a875ad8cc9af6c3defadcc7ececba7ebe4;;;Going To See A Psychiatrist Tomorrow And Bit Freaked Out.;;;Already called my referring Dr to make sure the appointment was at the right place. Went to the psychiatrist's office the day before to make sure I knew where I was going (it's one of the executive offices with a communal receptionist so he wasn't listed at a specific address online or on the lobby registry). I get a bit of anxiety going somewhere new especially for something important.  I've written a word doc with all my symptoms but still paranoid he's going to think I'm an imposter as I think that about myself most the times:  &gt; "I don't belong here, I'm going to get found out!"  I'm also not the best about talking about what I think is ADHD as it is basically me. The leaving college, messed up friendships, the underachieving despite getting into good schools or friends referring to me as "intelligent." It's spooky to see how much of my life was dictated by a simple dopamine reuptake issue.  Similarly, I'm also worried if he doesn't help me. I had to wait 4 months for the appointment. At 38 I see how much time I've been forced to waste being undiagnosed and patience isn't my strong suit to begin with.  I fell like I just have to explain my life. 38 years of experience in a appointment that will last I dunno how long but a bit shorter period of time than 38 years!  As an adult, I have fatigue and feel massive brain fog and lethargy. My hyperactivity left me long ago but all the tell tale signs are there:  1. Failure of persistence 2. Time blindness 3. Must use daily planners, timers and white noise to even begin to focus 4. Left college multiple times 5. My life is just one unfinished long term goal after another 6. Obsessive video game playing 7. Impulsive behaviour and speech...  The list goes on and on and that's kind of the problem. I'm worried to leave stuff out and not get help. I'm really tired of getting 10+ hrs sleep and still never feeling awake. I'm tired of forgetting names, dates, times, events going on. I'm tired the burden I've been on my wife and the few remaining friends I have.  It's just a lot of pressure. I'm glad I'm not crazy or insane and there is a physiological and genetic reason for my issues but at the same time I want to start working on them ASAP as living untreated isn't a life I want to live.  Just curious about what others have gone through before and during their first appointment and I guess some reassurance.  TL;DR Going for my first psych appointment and apprehensive and looking for feedback of others that have gone through this.
