093a5764c6c76b89b52e8a246a9115967b3d835886db54f93e7045944336e825;;;My Experience With Modafinil (Provigil) and Armodafinil (Nuvigil);;;I looked around and noticed that there were a lot of questions about modafinil, but not a lot of answers. So, I figured I'd give my **unprofessional, patient-level** experience.   I was diagnosed at 11 and my parents refused medication (which I'm grateful for). I had the typical "He has so much potential, but he doesn't apply himself," conversation with teachers and my parents all through school. As an adult, it's easier to understand how my brain works and I decided meds were a good idea.   I've been a caffeine addict since working at Starbucks in highschool and college. I've experimented with adderall, ritalin, ephedrine and mass amounts of caffeine, but the bad always seemed to outweigh the good. I've been on modafinil (Provigil) for just over a year. I started with a dose of 100mg/day, ramped up to 200mg, switched to armodafinil (Nuvigil), back to Provigil and then tapered down to 100mg which is where I am today.  What's really interesting about Provigil is that you don't notice it. You don't get that energy burst like you do with the stims. It builds up slowly in your system, so you don't even see the full effects until about 2 weeks after beginning and when you stop, it takes a week or 2 for you to realize that there was a huge difference with the meds and without. I was on 100mg for about a month, bumped to 150mg for 2 weeks and then 200mg for another two weeks, but I couldn't sleep. I wasn't hyper and didn't have raised BP, but I was nowhere near tired.   We switched to Nuvigil and I could tell something was different. It still worked, but the dosage was different and it gave me this weird head feel. We went back to Provigil and lowered back to 150mg for 2 weeks, then 100mg from then on.  I've gone off for days at a time, forgetting to bring my meds with me on trips and I once went off for about 2 weeks for no particular reason... I just forgot to take them a few days in a row and I found myself asking why I was so sluggish all day and why I couldn't concentrate (typical...). The best thing about it is that it doesn't change you. You're still you, invigorated with ambition and the ability to concentrate on whatever's in front of you.  I've found that if I take 200mg EARLY in the morning, I'll have the drive to work from 6am straight through to 9pm and at the end of the day, I'll have more work done than I'd normally have done in a week. I'm a big fan and honestly, I wouldn't want to go back to how I was without it. I realize that this is a massive wall of babble, but I'm happy to answer questions for anyone who's thinking about modafinil as a solution.
