09937afabfad14ef8c7c1fb12f66974af68935131b2b248716caff99a9aaa980;;;After spending months on testing, assessments and appointments finally saw a psychiatrist and he thinks I have depression, not ADHD;;;Warning, wall of text:  About three months ago I read a post on reddit where someone talked about how their ADHD medication helped them resolve a list of issues. I'd never read about ADHD and had a pretty typical "most people are faking for meds" attitude and didn't have any understanding of the disorder aside from some vague notion that it made kids hyper. When I read that post, it was like reading a diary entry I'd wrote and forgotten. I was floored.   I started searching for symptom lists, took iffy internet quizzes and started to really think there might be something to it. I read the first few pages of "Drive to Distraction" and bought it a few days later (I still haven't finished it yet...). Reading it was haunting. Out of the self assessment questions in the book there were only two that didn't jive with me or my situation. I knew I needed to have a professional assess me. I called to schedule an appointment with my GP, but Kaiser has a mental health branch so I was directed to call them instead. I made an appointment for the soonest opening they had (a month out) and waited.  When my appointment finally came, I saw a therapist who asked me questions and took notes. She gave me some family/parents/coworker assessment forms and told me to return to take some standard scantron bubble test with 500+ questions and a attention test you take by hitting a spacebar when specific letters do or don't show up. I returned a week later to take the test and turned in the assessments. The assessments (to my untrained eye) appeared to make a pretty good case for ADHD, but I was told the scantron test was the most valuable diagnostic tool.  I waited two more weeks for the results to make it to a psychiatrist (not someone I've seen or will ever see, they could be anywhere on the planet for all I know) and another week for the letter to come back that said: "Your results suggest that although other issues may be present as well, there do seem to be features of ADHD. If you would like treatment, please call..."  I thought, "Okay, let's find out what the treatment is. I'd love to be able to start, finish or focus like a normal person." I get an appointment for a week after I got the letter.  I went to the appointment and the psychiatrist asks me why I'm there. I've never been to a psychiatrist before, so I figure it's just a way to get me talking about my problems. So I start talking about not being able to focus at work, being distracted really easily, about getting distracted in the middle of a conversation and he starts interrupting me, asking if I feel sad, if I ever cry etc. I'm thinking at this point "Okay...". He then starts asking me if I ever feel depressed and I answer honestly, that yes, in the last 2-3 months every few weeks there's been a day of depression caused by some major stress in my life but overall I'm a happy person. He then asks me if I'm ever bored or if anything holds me interest and I tell him that no, I'm actually *too* good at being entertained. Then he asks me if I get mood swings and I answer, "No." After that he asked me if I was irritable and I replied "Only when I'm interrupted, and just for a moment. It quickly goes away."  After the very weird questions, he says that he's going to prescribe me an anit-depressant. I'm pretty bewildered so I ask him why and he said it was to help me with my mood swings and irritability. I started arguing with him telling him that I'm not depressed, struggling to figure out where he got that from what I said. He then asks me, "Why are you here?" And I tell him because I think I have ADHD. He then tells me that no, I don't have ADHD and that that I read the letter wrong. It doesn't mean I have symptoms of ADHD, it means I have attention issues that are caused by depression. I asked him, "So I've been depressed my whole life?" He started going on about the scantron test and how it was analyzed so I asked him about the assessment sheets I was given (Utah criteria) and he said "Everyone is going to think they have ADHD from reading that."  After all of that, he gives me a prescription for my depression and I ask him "So that's it, I just take the medication?" "Yes, we'll see if you've responded in 6 weeks." The entire time I'm talking to a psychiatrist about how he thinks I'm depressed and there's not one attempt to talk to me through it or give me some guidance on how to deal with depression. Just a prescription for Bupropion.  Is my experience normal?
