0c93b6d81d1e47f6ddcdea8f3e07d41158abbdd06733600eb67708c5598aee16;;;"We'll help you get through college... just kidding haha PSYCH!" alternative title: "Who has advice on how to handle my college administration screwing me over in the 11th hour?";;;So I’m currently a 5th year senior at a large university.  I feel I should mention that it’s a good university.  A really damn good one.  I’m not trying to brag (I’m a music major and have nothing to brag about since I was admitted on audition results alone, decidedly NOT my high school grades, work ethic, or general intelligence), but I mention this because it makes my school’s lack of resources for ADHD students all the more shocking.  After an abysmal failure of a Freshman year, visits to 2 psychologists, and an ADHD-PI and GAD diagnosis, I entered Sophomore year of college on medication and feeling sane for the first time in my life.  Even though things were looking up, I still had to meet with the Associate Dean to explain my 1.2 GPA.  I met with her several times over the course of the year and she was actually phenomenally helpful.  We made a plan for academic coursework and she gave some great advice on dealing with ADHD in college.  Her recommendation was that I pursue the normal degree path as much as possible, but she warned me that roadblocks can arise for students in this situation.  If issues should present themselves, she suggested a couple options for seeking academic accommodations.  More on that later...  Unfortunately she left the school after my Sophomore year for a new job.  Not long after that I did indeed start running into roadblocks.  My prescriptions would lose effectiveness, and switching was often brutal.  Even when they work well, the medications don’t cure everything.  I still can’t stay interested in a class all semester.  I can’t concentrate on long term projects.  I don’t think I’ve ever started an essay earlier than 2 days before the due date.   And yet, I’ve scraped by with “good enough” grades and no intent of ever attending grad school.  I realized I’d have to stay a 5th year - even though I lost my scholarship after the 4th - and have spent the past 2 years on the medication that works “best.”  It keeps me from sleeping most nights, I have frequent headaches from teeth grinding, and it’s not as effective as it used to be, but it mostly works.  I’m exhausted ya’ll.  I’m so ready to be done.  In planning out my last semesters, I realized that I’d have to break down and seek academic accommodations for just a very small handful of required credits, 6 in total, or risk doing failing my other classes.  That brings me back to the advice of the Associate Dean.  She suggested a couple options I might look at.  First would be to take summer classes, which in very rare cases can replace required classes.  Second, the more viable option, is credit by examination.  [This](http://i.imgur.com/GvNMMDD.png) is the description of credit by examination, directly from the student handbook.  Note the “applicable to all courses listed” part.  Obviously it’s a viable option, right? Am I crazy?  Last week I went to the registrar’s office to request credit by examination.  10 minutes later, I walked away completely stunned, having just been told that Credit by Examination wasn’t possible.  She never gave me a specific reason, never addressed the fact that credit by examination is a clearly valid option that was recommended to me by a Dean for god’s sake.  In the moment, I regret to say, I was speechless and didn’t even know how to argue.  Several days later, after collecting my thoughts, I emailed her to reiterate my argument.  The only concession in her reply was that I could “try” emailing the head of the music theory department (who coordinates the classes I’m missing), but that “chances aren’t good.”  Otherwise, she said, I won’t be graduating.  Here’s the insult added to so much injury: one of the classes is only offered in the Fall semester.  The other, only in Winter/Spring.  That means I’d have to stay an *entire extra year,* taking just 3 credits per semester.  f**k. that.  I emailed the head of the Theory Department.  No response yet.  So I emailed the University’s SSD (Services for Students with Disabilities) department.  “Sure, there are accommodations for ADHD students” they said.  Turns out all they allow is for students to have a separate room in which to take their exams.  Being ADHD-PI, that doesn’t really address the problem, and I told them so.  Their response was that the University simply doesn’t seem willing to address concerns from ADHD students, even at the recommendation of SDD and Psychological Services, but that I could contact the head of the department.  Which I already did.  That’s where it stands.  Am I wrong to be furious?  I’ve been here 5 years, done my best, lost my scholarship, paid out of state tuition, and I’ve never asked for special treatment despite the many difficulties from ADHD and GAD.  Now I’ve requested an option that was recommended to me by a *Dean* and is supposedly open to all students for any course, and I’m being denied without reason.    Has anyone experienced anything like this?  Any advice?  I’m at such a loss.       **TL;DR** I was told by a Dean who’s no longer at the University that I should be able to seek academic accommodation for problems associated with ADHD and GAD.  Specifically, she said I could use a provision in the student handbook/University policy stating that students (any students, not related to mental issues) can fill requirements via credit by examination for any course.  Now, in my 5th year, having lost my scholarship but completed all other credits without ever seeking accommodation, I request to fill 6 final credits via examination.  The Registrar said no.  No reason given.  If that stands, I would have to stay an *entire extra year* because one class is only offered in Fall, the other only in Winter.  An entire extra year, at 3 credits a semester.  f**k. that.
