0daeebf9ab6534167c44a7dfb56712103501b56270ac54dba078640e1dab464c;;;Adult ADHD - untreated. My experience.;;;Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal -- Albert Camus  Hello everyone,  Read that quote for the first time this morning. It explains my life.  I'm 39 years old. Lets take stock here - assuming I'm at the halfway point (expectancy of... 80 maybe?), it took me half my life to figure out WTF is wrong with me.  About three weeks ago, mid sentence - a friend (who I later learned has ADHD) asked me - "Do you have ADHD??" I stopped. I considered it... hmmm... When I was 15, I was diagnosed, but ignored it. This was 1990 - WTH was this quack science? Here's how I fared since then.   At 16 I dropped out of HS. Never attended college.  19 - 21 arrested countless times for petty crimes.  24  - faced 10 years federal time. Managed to plea avoiding jail.  Then I married, found a good job, had children.   Did that for 10 years. Normal.   2011, I guess it came out of remission or something. Couldnt focus on the job anymore. They were throwing MORE money my way, but I ran - I couldnt perform (I felt i was slipping...). Fearful of failing. Justified it as "Wasn't challenged" anymore.   Went onto a job that pays well, but where i DO NOTHING all day. Drove me mad.  Got divorced, alienated my Ex (we combated at every turn).   This year, lost over 100k gambling. Action.  Live in a 1 bedroom apt with 7 (yes 7) guys cause its all I can afford. And I make six figures.  Lets see. Somethings not right there. I explored ADHD. Heres my insight to my behaviors:  -- Genius qualities, with absolutely no follow through. My mind usually shuts down upon diving in (*If its not exciting, which work usually isnt), always fail to maximize potential.   -- Give me something surface level - instant on the spot - I've mastered the art of solving it immediately, effectively, precisely.  -- LT Goals get destroyed by my lack of attention to them. Mauls my self esteem. Doesn't set well for 'my future'. Sheesh, I don't even try anymore. Although I have one (save for later...)  -- I am gripped by restlessness most of the time. Always knew it was there, but not sure what it was. Action, excitement, stimulation - Trouble - driving fast, acting reckless, loud music, drinking to calm it down, etc... these all quelled the monster.  -- Rarely if ever make eye contact with people, although I'm very self confident.   -- I have children. I was always at odds with my ex over raising them - she believes I don't care about them, but I do. I have a good relationship with them btw, but I was not very nurturing. You see, I'm over here trying to keep my plates spinning, how can I focus on them? Add in an uncontrollable restlessness, the patience required for being a dad was difficult.   -- Work. Was successful for years. Job was very 'reactionary'. Solved problems. Was an ace at it, excelled. When it came to proactive - I sucked. I would work long hours - get praised for that - But I'm doing that just to get 5 minutes worth of work in. Amazing in hindsight how I didn't see that, the late nights.  -- Sleep deprivation helps BIG time. Always perform better when sick, tired wondered why. Its because It got this monster off my back for a day or two. Hungover is great as well. I love hangovers.  -- Gambling, crime, fighting with anyone I have relationships with - I'm seeking action. Without knowing it. Just need something to pop my mind off. Anything.   Rule out depression. As effed up as life is now, I'm not depressed. I've learned to live with this thing, and because of it, I've learned to embrace high and low points of life - its just something that wraps me.  So what now? I look forward to treatment. I need medication. I called 10 therapists, no return calls. I'm very skeptical about psychiatrists - I've found most to be quacks. I know there are good ones, I need a good one to help me tackle this.  I'm looking forward to medication. At this point, this is physical - and its running my life.If I get a few quacks in a row, I'm going to online meds.   I have hope for my future. I have an idea / plan for a business. I've never felt this way about a concept. I do focus on it - I do have brain techniques to keep work going on it - but damn its exhausting and it would be nice to have flow. I never had flow :(  This revelation is a break through. It could really help me.
