0de563c1e00c23a04b2846acb415254f9df0b4c54e5e3bbc7da8c8eb2660adbb;;;My doctor says because I'm doing an Economics degree I can't have ADD.;;;I spoke with him recently requesting a referral to a specialist for ADD assessment, and he told me I wouldn't even be considered on the basis that, because I'm achieving at an academic level higher than the average person, I'm therefore not exhibiting a sufficient level of impairment to justify diagnosis or even assessment by a specialist. (I'm 21 and live in the UK, btw).  Is he right in saying that a person truly afflicted with ADD would be incapable of even attaining acceptance into University? I feel like I've experienced many of the supposed hallmark symptoms of ADD since childhood, such as personal timekeeping issues, distractibility, severe procrastination, an insurmountable aversion to study and mentally demanding tasks, have lost a job for making too many mistakes, etc, etc. What degree (if any) of societal functionality eliminates the possibility of a person having ADD?
0de563c1e00c23a04b2846acb415254f9df0b4c54e5e3bbc7da8c8eb2660adbb;;;Unable to get a diagnosis but having huge problems with focus and procrastination. What to do?;;;Just saw a psych today for the second time where he asked my mum and me questions about my childhood symptoms. When it was over he deemed that there wasn't enough evidence of childhood hyperactivity to warrant a diagnosis. Evidence of some childhood hyperactivity is needed for an ADHD diagnosis and based on my mum's testimony there apparently isn't enough evidence of distractibility or hyperactivity being present during my childhood. I still maintain that when it comes to attention problems, these things are not obvious to other people who are looking from the outside in, but anyway.   On the other hand, I'm still having huge problems with focus and motivation - two years ago I lost a job for making too many careless errors and right now, at age 21, I'm on the verge on failing out of university. I feel like my ability to function and complete relatively demanding tasks (work, homework, exams) is without exaggeration ruining my life. I have had problems not being able to study for exams all throughout high school, besides general attention deficit problems. The psych seemed fairly receptive and I think he knows something must be bothering me as I'm scheduled to go back to see him in a month's time. But it still looks highly unlikely that I'll ever receive treatment. If a diagnosis doesn't materialize, what on earth should I do with myself? I prospect of continuing on with my life as I have done for the last 5 or so years fills me with an ominous dread.
