0e0268c7c1dcfa5dcec1226ca438860ceeb54b08bf373b7a56c1f64ed044b147;;;I can't win. Ever. (Rant);;;I kick around here, but this post is using an alt, because my wife knows my user name.  I haven't been diagnosed for very long. It's been a couple months, but it's still hard.   I have had comorbid depression and anxiety for most of my life.   I've been married for a long time, and I'm afraid it's just played out.   Our whole relationship is just poison.  Today is her birthday, and I fucked the whole thing up.  Her sister and I planned a surprise party. I had a very limited time yesterday to use the car while my wife was out walking the dog. I went to the grocery store and got what I needed and went back home. Then I realized I forgot to get gas so I could mow the lawn. I went back out and got it, but I was running too late and she saw me with the gas can. She asked me what I was doing with it. I was stupid and said I was mowing the lawn. She told me not to, because she was going to do it Friday for a BBQ we're having. It went back and forth, and she wouldn't leave it.  I knew if I just did it later while she was out I was going to catch hell for not obeying her. (How fucked up is that? That I would be worried about her reaction to me doing a chore? It couldn't be viewed as a nice thing that I did without some sort of justification.)  I spilled the beans so she would stop arguing with me about mowing the lawn.  The next thing I know, according to her, the only reason I'm doing the whole thing is to hurt her. I would never do anything for her. I would never clean anything for her on my own, so I must be doing it all for reasons of manipulation.  I can't win. Ever. No matter how hard I try, shit just doesn't work out in my favor. I tried very hard to do something nice for my wife to show her I love her, and not only did it not work out, she actually believes I did it to be an asshole.  When she was yelling at me, she told me what a fucking monster I am. And that it would be really nice if I could go for 24 hours without having any "ADHD frustration" (Not what she said, she actually made a mocking full body expression).  There's obviously so much more, and it's just as complicated as life usually is.  The truth is she has no idea what a monster I am. She doesn't know what it's like to have to fight your own mind.  Yesterday I did my best to clean the whole house. I sobbed the whole time, I had to chant my tasks to myself over and over while I was doing them, because there was so much to do if I looked up and saw something else I needed to do I'd get distracted and confused about what I was trying to get done.  That shit isn't normal. I'm so broken.  I'm ready to crawl into my own hole with a bottle of liquor and a pack of smokes, and die in my own filth. (But I better not tell her, I only share my suicidal feelings with her to manipulate her.)  I don't know what to do. I'm just tired of hurting.
