0e165adfcb8fa7fefc9e79a786fcba9cf4d89c97b6f3005b2b4619ea6af45edf;;;Issues with University (Not Legal? Discrimination?) Looking For Advice &amp; Help!!;;;Hi Everyone! So I have been wanting to write on here for quite some time as I've read so many awesome posts, and I've seen a ton of really helpful advice. So now I'm hoping that some of you awesome people can give me some advice on what I should be doing to go after this as I feel like i've been getting pushed around a lot in the last two years because of my ADHD.  I know attention spans can falter so I'll put the bullet points first:  --University was scanning and grading scanned copies of all tests that used accommodations. These tests were very distinctly different because of the scan quality, so much that it was clear to see who was using accommodations in the class from across the room just from when they hand the exams back. All three exams so far for Calc have also had questionable grading where I've had to go in and meet with the professor and get the grading changed. The last exam had 10% added back to it due to "incorrect grading". I met with the Department head regarding this issue and they have now stopped this method and they tried to explain it but all their explanations have had major faults in them. The following in parentheses is what I presented the Department Head with in my meeting-- (Examinations were conducted in a manner that singled out individuals that have used accommodations by contradistinguishing those individual’s exams from all other exams. This was done so by creating unique identifying characteristics on the exam that were unique to only individuals that used accommodations. This not only created an environment in which discriminatory circumstances could have taken place during the grading of said exams, but also created discriminatory circumstances in which students with disabilities would have their status of possessing a disability publicized in an imprudent fashion.)   --Math Department fought the Disability Coordinators suggestions and my requests for accommodations. Stated last semester that the accommodations I was asking for "Fundamentally altered the course" although no evidence was given to support that. I finally got the accommodations I originally had wanted for Algebra for Calc by knowing my rights and demanding that I get them.     So the long story...  So I'm in my Senior year, less than a month away from graduation. I was diagnosed with ADHD in college and have been using accommodations for the past few years. In the past i've primarily used only the extended time on testing but when it comes to math classes I've struggled with the way the course is taught but also because of my pretty severe ADHD.   At the beginning of last semester the Disability director &amp; I met with my professor and the Assistant Department head about getting accommodations because I've taken college algebra 3 times and have been unable to pass it due to the way the course is structured. At that meeting instead of it being helpful as I was hoping, it quickly became almost hostile as the Assistant department head accused me of trying to "Fundamentally change the course". When I explained why some of these accommodations are necessary she stated that "She knows better how I learn than I do" and that I shouldn't question the methods they choose to run the course. I told her that if I wasn't able to get the accommodations to pass the course, I would elect to instead take the CLEP test to test out of the course. She scoffed at this motion eluding to the fact that if I couldn't pass Algebra 3 times I wouldn't pass the CLEP. Fast forward a few months and I took the CLEP--- &amp; I passed!   Fast forward a little bit to this semester &amp; I'm taking Calculus... And the best part is I'm doing fairly well so far! At the beginning of this semester I wasn't receiving the accommodations that I needed but because of the meeting I had with the Math Department last semester I didn't realize I could receive them. I've read up a ton on my rights and about three weeks ago I scheduled a meeting with the Assistant department in which I came prepared this time and I laid the law down and I got the accommodations I was requesting (and needed). Since having these accommodations my weekly quiz scores have went from 0's &amp; 2/10's to 9.5/10.  Following the meeting it was clear that the Assistant department head was not happy because I respectfully put her in her place in the meeting. She sent out an email to my professors and the department head that even the Disability coordinator thought was "Clearly trying to create a false characterization" of me as a student that was lazy and complaining because I wasn't doing well.  Since then I've met with the Department Head and had a very good meeting with him and he has so far been a great guy but I still feel like what I've went through has been clearly wrong and that I should pursue it otherwise it will happen to others and nothing will change.  I tried to keep this as brief as possible but I wanted to provide enough information for you to know whats sorta been going on. I would love to hear some advice or what I should do going forward as I'm new to all of this!  Thank you Guys!!  TL;DR: Math Department at University was discriminating against students with disabilities by possibly grading exams biased because of accommodations, as well as fighting accommodations in the first place.
