0e80a22a6fa292a8e5fe40dbe38749c3f18d168318df5722c96a1a8ce2d6de50;;;Im not sure what to think anymore.;;;So I started to think i have add. I am 17 years old and dont have the best grades. Freshman year i started with a 1.8 gpa and went up to a 2.8 for my senior year. For my whole life i have struggled focusing on conversations, sleeping, and starting and finishing things. I never thought i may have something wrong with me. I thought all of these problems i have were just me. Regarding conversations, I cant focus for long at all if someones telling me a story. I just try and think of what I should respond next, and other things. Its like all of my thought collide and i just forget them. The only way ive been able to study if the material is given to me. My senior year i have a teacher that lectures and we take notes off of what he says. This is a huge problem for me considering I cant focus at all because of all my thoughts. Also we read the story beowulf and i cant remember a single thing it was about. As far as sleeping goes, my thoughts seem to wake me up as i sleep. Sometimes i move my legs back and forth because i feel restless.  I had to take the act yesterday. The english part went well, but when i got to the reading, it really stressed me out. I would read the whole article and barely remember any of it. I zone out while im reading it, but dont remember what i just read. Then the 5 minute mark came and i still had 14 questions to answer. This totally stressed me out to the point where i couldnt think at all and started to fidget very bad. So the act did not go well at all. It really starts to get depressing since i think i am just dumb. I cant even finish a video game anymore. I have to write 2 papers and i just cant start them. I just dont want to go to the doctor and have him say there is nothing wrong with me.  tl;dr: I cant focus on someones conversation for more than 5 seconds. I cant sleep because all of my thinking wakes me up. I cant start projects or even finish video games.
