0f1e89d85f55f093d7681dfa2e9c99f0df9cc8354951faa667ace1ffe4baa6f5;;;[Rant] Bitter that no one noticed;;;I'm 22 years old. Found out I have ADHD about a year ago.   Growing up, I had 2 nephews who were around my age. One was 2 months younger than me and the other 3 years younger. BOTH of them were suspected by my family of having ADHD ADD and both had medication before they were 6. Turns out neither of them had ADHD. They were just being kids.   No one suspected I had ADHD because I was "shy" and played by myself. I just didn't fit the stereotype.   No one suspected I had ADHD when I would always get bad participation marks in school or when I was often called a day dreamer by my teachers.   No one realized I had dysgraphia when my handwriting never improved  Or that I needed extra time with tests because I had a hard time with comprehension when I was on a clock.  Or when I would 90% of the time make myself sick to get out of presentations because of anxiety and RSD. Which contributed to my GERD. No red flags there.  One time I had apparently come home crying because someone made fun of my ears because they stuck out. I dont remember this incident but my mother decided it was a good idea to sign me up for otoplasty rather find the root cause of why I was so hurt by whatever was said to me. My ears actually look MORE fucked up now because the surgeons sucked ass.  No one noticed my ADHD when I didn't graduate high school despite being well behaved.  No one noticed it when I never cleaned my room, hated doing homework or rarely cared about my personal hygene. My family has hounded me about these things as though I am a lazy good for nothing. I was starting to believe it to be true.  The psychologists I saw for depression and anxiety never noticed despite all the red flags for ADHD.  No one noticed it when I fell into depression and no one noticed it when I sliced my arm open because I felt like I needed to be punished for being the lazy disgusting piece of useless shit that everyone made me feel I was.  I noticed though. I'm going to help myself the way no one else could. No one wants to believe that I am the way I am because of neurodivergence. I am amazing and bright and I make people happy and I am fucking passionate. I'm going to get a diagnosis this year and get on meds and kick the world's ass and it will all be of my own doing and no one else's.
