122279752823a58c63a924580ca14923080779e1edec41e46d3233eacfcf9682;;;RSD and living with my crush [rant];;;[for those who don't know about RSD] (https://www.additudemag.com/rejection-sensitive-dysphoria-how-to-treat-it-alongside-adhd/)   As you can imagine, this is hell. It's like being rejected over and over, every day.    *quick background: we've been friends for almost 2 years, fwb for about a year. I caught feelings around September when we moved in together; I told him immediately in the hopes a quick rejection would stop my feelings getting stronger but it didn't work. I'm not that close with my other 3 housemates and I don't see my other friends much so he's basically my closest friend in my everyday life. well I'm attached to him, he's not as fond of me.*   This mix of me having feelings and him being the person I spend the most time with means I kind of need him to like me, to be nice to me, and he often isn't. ik he doesn't owe me anything, still I need it.    He has a bad habit of being a bit harsh with his banter, he also tends to assert his opinions as fact. this often leaves me feeling like I'm wrong or stupid just because I don't like the music that he does or because I can't do sums in my head anywhere near as easily as him   I've told him about the stuff that really hurts: when he talks about his ex (who he is obviously still in love with), when he talks about his tinder matches, when he gets with girls in front of me. I thought if I told him this he would stop, but no. He thinks that since we're not dating he has no responsibility for my feelings. I think that since we're friends he should put at least some effort into making me not suicidal. he doesn't understand.   We went out the other night, he ditched me for a girl immediately. I think he may have actually brought me on a date with another girl. He brought her home and it made me feel worse than I've felt in at least a year, maybe even in 3. When I saw them walk off the next morning to buy her food so key could make her breakfast (ugh kill me) I considered jumping out the window, instead I just locked them out for a couple hours (ik this is like, crazy ex gf levels of petty but I think that was better than the other shit I was considering doing).   I'm just about surviving the depressive episodes he sends me into without getting long term depressed but If he gets a girlfriend I don't think I can live with him. problem is I've signed the contract for next year already and I can't back out now.    sorry this ended up so long, I just thought this is the only place someone will actually understand and not just think I'm over reacting. (btw I'm not actually gonna off myself, these depressive episodes tend to only last a few days and I can handle myself for that long)  **tl;dr living with someone for another year who is constantly making me wanna die lol fun times!!**
