12661976c69eddaf7033a5b75c6d736c79c91439f014c46374f09812d2d02692;;;Going to have to quit my job because of (what I suspect is) undiagnosed ADD. Just a vent really...;;;Sorry in advance for the super long post! (TL;DR at the bottom) I've suspected I might have ADD for a couple of years now really, ever since I came across an article about how it presents differently in girls/women than boys. Did a bunch of reading about it at the time but let myself be talked out of seeking a diagnosis by people in my life... "you just need to be more organised/everybody forgets things/you just need to learn to manage your time" etc etc etc. But recently I've been having increasingly more problems dealing with just every day life and I started reading more and more about ADD and now I'm almost completely certain I have it. Every article I read, every symptom list, everything fits me except maybe one or two symptoms. I read people's accounts of having it and I start crying because suddenly everything in my life, all the troubles I have managing the day to day tasks that seem to come so easily to everyone else, all the things I berate myself for being useless and lazy and a slob and stupid for, suddenly it all fucking makes sense and I feel so relieved that maybe I'm not just a complete failure, maybe there is actually a reason I've always been like this. It mainly seems to be the inattentive type (I'm sorry, I don't know all the terminology) - extreme forgetfulness, difficulty listening and focusing, chronic lateness, disorganisation, scatterbrained, distractability, procrastination, etc. I also have diagnosed OCD and anxiety (plus anxiety-induced IBS), have had depression in the past, plus issues with self-harm and eating issues in my teenage years.  Anyway, I'm currently a student, just started my third year of a fairly demanding course. I also got a part time job in July. It's not the first job I've ever had but it's the first time I've worked while at uni. And I don't know if it's the increased stress or what, but all my symptoms just seem to have worsened significantly recently. And it's causing me major, major issues at work.  My job is in a very small, specialist store and my boss has *extremely* specific ways he wants every single little task done. (He also seems to invent new rules on the spot and gets annoyed that I don’t know them, but that's another issue...) We sell hundreds of products (which I’m expected to know all about because of it being a specialist store) and there are completely different methods we need to use depending on which product it is.  I’m realising more and more that I simply don’t have the focus and attention to detail needed to cope with this, I’m making more and more mistakes and fuck-ups by the day and my bosses are getting annoyed and having a go at me what feels like constantly. And the problem is it’s such a small store that when I’m working it’s actually only me and my two bosses so anything I forget (which is a lot of things), I don't have anyone on my level to ask, I have to ask them, and they get annoyed, or bewildered, that I can’t remember and that I’m needing to ask all this stuff.  Of course my anxiety is now through the roof, every minute I’m there I feel like I’m walking on eggshells waiting for the next thing I’m going to mess up, the next thing my bosses are going to be angry at me for. My forgetfulness/distracted-ness is now at ridiculous levels. I’m forgetting important steps in tasks that I’ve done countless times before. My boss will give me a task to do that’s made up of two steps, and by the time I’ve done the first, I’ve forgotten the second, and sometimes I’ve even forgotten that I’ve forgotten the second. I’ll take a phonecall and realise as soon as the phonecall’s finished that I’ve forgotten the caller’s name. I forget to ask customers things about their purchase, or forget to write it down. I could go on and on but you get the gist. I feel like nothing sticks in my head. And my boss gets *pissed*. I’ll either hear him angrily ranting at the other boss about me, or he’ll have a go right to my face about how I’m making his job difficult and making his organisation look inefficient and how I need to “USE YOUR HEAD!” He gets annoyed at me for not taking initiative and asking too many questions, but he also gets annoyed because I try to take initiative and get things wrong. Today is when it really hit me just *how* badly I’m doing at work. Just today, my shift was only five and a half hours long and he had a go at me six separate times for things I messed up because I forgot details or steps or specifically how he wants things done. He commented on how “You’ve been here how long and you’re still forgetting things like this??” and “laziness has been creeping in to the shop” and all this stuff. The last ‘telling off’ of the day, because a customer called to say they were coming to the shop soon to pick something up and I forgot their name, was so severe I ended up crying (fortunately I’d had to leave the shop to go to the post office for them so I was able to get my crying done in there, ha) and I ended up having to call my boyfriend on the way home to cry on the phone to him for ten minutes and then I was still sobbing for like half an hour when I got home haha.  Don’t get me wrong, I know he’s not in the wrong for being angry. I *am* fucking up. I am making these ridiculous mistakes. Shit, I’d be annoyed at me. But I really really really don’t think I can deal with this anymore. I mean I feel so utterly pathetic and stupid and useless that I can’t even cope with a job in a shop. My stress is through the roof and I’m so anxious and dreading going to work. And tbh, I’m fairly certain they want rid of me too. I know they regret hiring me because they think my uni timetable is too busy and I’m not available on the specific days they want me (in the interview and in my contract, they never mentioned they wanted me on specific days and they explicitly said they were happy to arrange my shifts around my timetable. But one boss, the one who keeps having a go at me, has been angry with me ever since term started because I can’t do the exact days they want because they ‘don’t want me in on the other days’. At the start of term, six weeks ago, when I realised my timetable was busier than I expected and was going to be an issue, I offered to hand in my notice, the other boss said “no you don’t need to do that, we’ll work around it” but the other boss has been super annoyed about it and I’ve heard him ranting to other boss about it and how inconvient it is and shit) and I’m fairly certain they think I’m a shitty employee too which, let’s face it, I am. The only thing stopping me from handing my notice in tomorrow is that Christmas is coming up, of course the store is going to get super busy and it takes about two months to properly train a new employee. If I hand my notice in now, I’m pretty sure they’re going to be super angry because it’s going to cause them major issues over Christmas. They’re super busy from now until about two weeks after Christmas, so my plan was to hand in my notice in the middle of January so I would finish at the end of January, giving them the two weeks after the busy period to find a new employee and all that, but honestly I’m not sure how I’m going to deal with another two months of this.  My boyfriend keeps saying I shouldn’t even be thinking about what’s best for them, that it’s not my concern about if they’ll be able to cope over Christmas and all that, but my issue is I don’t have much of a work history (had two jobs before, one temp job that was only three months long, and one voluntary), and I really really need a decent reference from this place. If they’re so annoyed by me leaving at an inopportune time that they refuse to give me a reference, I feel like I’ll be screwed and not be able to find another job, which I really need for when I return to my hometown after my degree, because I can’t easily move back to my family home because I have multiple fish tanks which there isn’t really room for at home. I would really really hate to give those up because it’s one of my few hobbies and I’m so passionate about it and so attached to my fish, obviously I would give them up if finances required it but I would be devastated. I know that must sound super dumb. So yeah, ideally I need to support myself immediately after uni and that’s going to be pretty difficult if I can’t find another job.  I’m going to the doctor on Monday to hopefully get a referral to a specialist for diagnosis so hopefully I can maybe get some treatment, I’m in the UK though and as the guide says the waiting list for treatment on the NHS is absurd, I almost certainly wouldn’t be able to get treatment in time to maybe become better at this job anyway. I’ll probably end up looking into private treatment but as a student I’m not sure that’s going to be feasible financially.  I don’t know why I’m posting this really. Mostly a vent I guess. Maybe for support. My boyfriend is supportive but he doesn’t seem convinced that I have ADD. And he’s getting a bit annoyed because he feels like I’m not listening to his advice because he says I should just have a go at my boss back and tell him not to talk to me like that, but that’s so far removed from who I am as a person, I’m not confrontational, I’ve not had the confidence to stand up for myself for several years, and what’s to stop my boss just shouting at me even more? I’ve not really mentioned any of this to my parents, I’ve vented a bit about work but not told them about all my issues with the forgetfulness and stuff (even despite not knowing about all that they say I should quit), I’m nervous to bring up the possibility of ADD to them without having an actual diagnosis, especially to my dad. I feel like they’re just going to think of hyperactive little boys who can’t sit still in class and be like “You can’t possibly have ADD, that’s ridiculous”. So I dunno, it’s nice to feel like I can talk about this stuff somewhere.  If anyone does have advice I can use for managing my symptoms in this situation, I would really really appreciate that too. The only thing I can think of right now is carrying a notebook with me all the time at work, writing down everything I’m told, maybe even writing out all the steps of a task before I do it. I’m worried about feeling stupid or them thinking I’m stupid for doing that tho. After all, I’m not just messing up tasks that I know I don’t know how to do, I’m messing up tasks that I’ve already done multiple times and think I know how to do. So I’d have to write down *everything*. And of course that’s not always practical, especially when customers are there, I need to be able to do things quickly. I dunno. Anyway, thank you for reading if anybody’s stuck it out this far, I know if rambling were an Olympic sport I could be a gold medallist...  TL;DR: I suspect I have undiagnosed ADD, increased stress has been making me increasingly forgetful, disorganised, and distracted at work to the point my boss is having a go at me multiple times a shift. I feel like a useless sack of shit, my anxiety is through the roof, which is probably in turn making my ADD symptoms worse, and so the cycle goes. Going to the doctor for a referral on Monday but probably can't get a diagnosis/treatment for several months. Want to hand my notice in now but feel like it’s too close to Xmas and I’m worried about screwing my employers over. Practically I probably can’t quit until the end of January. Any advice for coping until then?
