150797c115002ed14c8a3177fad19d4e5c30e31d40e26073b4578b6b47e9ef0f;;;I get overemotional (crying) over little things and I don't know how to stop.;;;- And I feel like it is preventing me from standing up for myself sometimes. For example, I met with a faculty member today at my college, about taking my exam in a private room, and she started asking me all these questions about my diagnosis (she did not know what my diagnosis was), and I got frustrated, when she asked me if my medication was working. I got frustrated and told her, "I don't know" And she said "Well, how can you not know, you should be able to tell!.. etc. etc." And at that moment I felt like I was going to cry.. so I stopped talking. The thing is... I felt frustrated not sad. It's like my emotions don't express how I really feel - I am currently being diagnosed for ADHD, because I do have issues with memory, concentration, listening etc. I have been taking 20 mg x2 a day (40 mg total)... but I honestly do not feel like it's working. Like I feel NOTHING. I'm not sure what to do.. because isn't there a maximum dose of adderall that can be safely prescribed to a patient? And If I am already taking 40 mg...   - I don't know if the crying has to do with the ADHD, but it is so frustrating. My parents tell me to stop being a push-over and stop being so nice to people because people will take advantage of that. The thing is, I am afraid that If i start yelling or fighting back, the crying is going to start coming, so I don't bother fighting back because I do not want people to see me cry, it's so fucking embarrassing..Like I've cried over the most stupidest and it's not like I AM TRYING TO CRY..like it just happens! - I've cried when I do actually feel sad.. but I've noticed that I cry a lot when I am angry, stressed, or frustrated, or I can cry if I think about a bad memory, I've also cried for other people's misfortunes (not very often, it depends on the misfortune).   - I really don't know what to do. I feel like it's affecting my life, and my parent's don't understand, they just tell me I have to find a way to manage it... I really need help.
