153ba21eefa1a89d6bdd05e74dad3fe0c15705a0fde7036c9dc7ea0737964959;;;My younger brother is suffering greatly from motivation issues ... mom won't do anything ... any advice? TL;DR near the end;;;Hello, everybody. I've been lurking for a while and I gotta say the people here are wonderful, I've gained a lot of insight on myself. However I'm lost in regards to my family. Maybe someone here can give me advice or at least some input, I'd be grateful. This been worrying me for too long. I may be a bit exhaustive but every detail I share is mportant. Thank you for taking the time to read this. I'll write a tl;dr at the end.  To begin with, I live with my mom, I support her and my brother but I have school and a job so I can't be here 24/7. It has been half a year since my ADHD diagnosis and I've been dealing with it effectively, with fantastic support from my friends no less. I have a brother six years younger than I and he is currently in high school. At his age, I lacked self-awareness and I was always in a bad mood, though not to the point of anti-social behavior. I was smart but methodical with everything I did and that translated to a sluggish learning pace. I was misinterpreted as being 'slow'—much in the same way as one might say about a mentally deficient person, to put it politely. I was also not articulate, I could not understand and express myself correctly. Any trouble I had went unnoticed by the school and I'm pretty sour about that. It was obvious that I needed help. Anyway, a few times I mustered up some form of hope, and asked my parents if there was something wrong with me. They assured me I was just lazy, my problems were normal for everybody, and emphasized that I needed to grow up and try harder. I believed it to be true and I felt hopeless, I didn't want to make any effort to better myself. I withdrew myself from the outside world and succumbed to video games and the internet as an escape.  Time seemed to stand still, nothing changed, until this year when I was diagnosed and I began a transformation. I became a very responsible and loyal person, eager to do hard work and help my friends and family with anything. But the first and most important aspect of my change was that I was finally aware of all my problems and was able to figure out how to fix them. Since then, I've been growing at a steady pace. I can say without a doubt that my diagnosis has been the single most important event of my life thus far. This brings me to my brother. As I mentioned in the title, he is exhibiting the same behavior I once did. He isn't really aware of his negative attitude and as a result doesn't have many friends. He's always in a depressed mood, it seems worse than I ever was. He gives up too easily as well, whenever anything is even a slight challenge. He is too dependent on our mother, that's our only difference. I was doing everything myself at a young age. I won't get into details because it isn't my place, but he is coddled like a baby and it had lead to a toxic entitlement from him. He expects everything he wants to be given to him. He expects everything to be solved for him. The most unhealthy aspect of that is any time he is questioned, no matter how mundane, he quickly claims lack of knowledge.  "I don't know," is his answer to everything because he refuses to think, even for a moment, especially if he isn't under pressure. Even with the simplest of concepts it seems like he he doesn't use his brain. I'm not trying to mock him or be mean, I just need to demonstrate how severe it is. Here's an example. I got a new desk and had the opportunity to change the layout of it so that I have privacy. My brother and I share a computer room and everyone has to pass through to get to other parts of the house. His computer screen is in view as you enter. Although he doesn't look at anything inappropriate he still deserves privacy. So, he was jealous of my layout and expressed that to me. I told him if he wanted to move his desk he needed to do it himself. It isn't hard at all, it's just a mess and he needs to clean up before anything else. His first excuse was that he wouldn't be able to do it because it is too hard, and he needed me to help him. I suggested he try the easiest things to start with and immediately he refused. When I asked why, he stared blankly for a only few seconds and then answered with, "I don't know." I asked if he even put any thought into the question and again, with the same gaze he answered, "I don't know." I paced myself so as not to get frustrated. I explained that I wouldn't give him the answer to everything and that he needs to actually put in some thought. As I waited, his vacant expression tested my patience. He didn't acknowledge me after a minute, so I asked him if he was listening. He proved that he was by reciting what I told him, so I had faith he was just thinking. I asked if he had an answer to any of my questions. Can you guess what happened next?  This is a serious problem and I assume it stems from his lack of motivation but also from the atmosphere he is provided with. Our mom coddles him like a baby every day even though he is in high school. She recognizes that she shouldn't, that she should stop, but hasn't changed whatsoever. I am the only person encouraging him to be independent. I know very well how hard it is to have no motivation though, from anywhere, be it internal or external. I am trying to be patient with my brother but it's been an arduous trial for me. Sometimes I make him feel bad which I instantly regret and apologize for. I feel like when I do that I'm mirroring that same lack of empathy my parents displayed when I was younger. I've been spending as much time as I can helping him hands-on with school and chores. I always give him a chance to learn and improve. I never reveal the answer, I force him to think, to use his brain. But I haven't made any progress so far.  I try so hard but I'm only human, I have needs and I can't dedicate all my time to him. With all this in mind, here is the BIG ISSUE.  Mom's extremely impressed with how much I've changed following my diagnosis and treatment. She's far less stressed out because I help her everyday, which I didn't do before. There's much less burden on her now and she recognizes it. Regarding that, I've been pondering whether or not my brother has ADHD. I've put a lot of time into researching ADHD for my own vices. I once read that it is hereditary with a high chance to be passed down—an 87% chance if I recall correctly. But that's not my only reasoning. He suffers from everything I did, motivation most importantly but also concentration. That's what makes me so sure, and so afraid. I love my brother more than anyone could know so I've been hounding our mom to get him help from a specialist. At first she refused to even listen to me. She didn't think he has it but eventually I got her to see my perspective and she agreed to do something about it.   It's been two weeks now, she hasn't been busy AT ALL yet has made no attempt to follow up on her promise. I went through it with her just a few days ago and I learned the process is actually very simple. I don't know if I am nagging too much or too little? She also thinks nothing will come out of it, because years ago the school had these specialists ask him a series of questions. She says they would have known if he has ADHD. I think that is wrong and a grave mistake to make, as he goes to the SAME SCHOOL I DID. I'm afraid the school's knowledge on the subject of ADHD might not be up to date. And if that is the case, then how could they provide an accurate diagnosis? This is what my mother doesn't understand. I also think she doesn't realize how detrimental ADHD can be, too. I know there are some that deal with it just fine without any medication or even any help, and that's great. I was unfortunate to be affected heavily and suffer during adolescence. But my brother is still young, he can enter adulthood with the help he needs and deserves!  tl;dr my younger brother in high school might have ADHD, I know because I see my past in him. My mother doesn't, and feels it isn't worth the effort to get him checked out. I help him every day to better himself but I can't spend all of my time doing so and I believe he'd be better off with medicinal treatment anyway. My brother has severe entitlement issues and I think getting treated could allow him the motivation he needs to be independent. I'm afraid the school he attends could be ignorant on the subject of ADHD  So my questions would be the following: Does it sound like my brother may have ADHD? Should we trust the school faculty to accurately diagnose him? Would we be better off with a private doctor? The school is public so they hire government workers. Not that anything is wrong with that, I'm just afraid they don't have enough funding and don't care, you know? Does anyone share a similar experience to me? What are some ways to help my brother with his dependence? What are some ways to help my mother understand the severity of all this? Am I wrong in anything I'm doing or thinking?  I sincerely thank you all for taking the time to read, it means a lot to me. I'd love to hear what any of you have to say, no matter how bluntly honest you have to be. I appreciate honesty, so don't be afraid to hurt my feelings. Cheers.
