16b409d3bc3ff9dfd48af45e961d0423d4ab13ace1b827b236ab66d6f9a74244;;;Fellow ADHDers I need your opinion on a recent situation (warning lots of writing but I really need your help);;;I'm sorry if I keep starting threads too frequently. I mentioned before that I recently had a horrible panic attack while on my second day of concerta. So here's the situation: I live on residence in my university. I was at work sunday morning when I had my panic attack, mind you I've never experienced anything like that before. My heart rate was at 3 beats per second and it was irregular. My blood pressure was through the roof, my hands were numb I could barely move my fingers I honestly thought I was gonna die.   My friend was rushing me to the hospital because we didn't know what was going on. I didn't have my care card (insurance card) on me and I needed to see a doctor. I asked my friend and neighbor to call the CA on call (the person in charge of the building I live in) and ask them to let her in to grab my care card for me. They have a master key that works for all the rooms. Here is where it went to shit. They were very rude and uncooperative and they were STRESSING ME OUT making my panic attack WORST. I called them I could barely talk because I couldn't breath properly I'm like I NEED MY CARE CARD WHY WONT YOU HELP ME I DONT UNDERSTAND. The stupid girl (CA) is like sorry there's nothing I can do. At this point I'm in rage I feel like my ears are about to pop and as if they're on fire I can't move my fingers at all at this point. So naturally I lost my temper and started swearing I remember saying something along the lines of I swear to god I'll ruin your fucking life or something like that. And if anything happens to me its on you and I hang up.   She called her supervisor who called me and said that he would go into my room and read out my card number for me. Im under so much stress now I feel like my brain is about to explode and shut down. Anyway he did so I saw the doctor she calmed me down and said I'm having a panic attack etc etc...  So TODAY I get an email from the residence office saying that IM IN TROUBLE for swearing at the fucking CA and it's a violation of community standards or some shit and I have to go to a meeting to discuss my horrible crime. I'm honestly planning on having the biggest bitch fit because I sure as hell won't be able to control my temper.   From my point of view I did nothing wrong and I sure as hell won't apologize for them being uncooperative assholes who made my condition worse.  **tl;dr** had a panic attack tried to ask the people in charge of my dorm to help me with getting my insurance card. They were rude and uncooperative lost my temper started swearing and now I'm in trouble. Am I in the wrong or are they?
