17ba4ac5a60ffe377007aec641b0fc7388ab4b3c28f2f6f5c442aab98008b33b;;;I just don't know what to do anymore.;;;I'm in college right now at my THIRD school and still have yet to get higher than a 3.0gpa. I forget about assignments outside of class constantly, and when I do remember them I procrastinate so badly to the point where I don't even get it done, I just worry about it. I always worry about everything. Sometimes I can't sleep at night because I have anxiety from thinking about really embarrassing moments of the past (recent and distant). Embarrassment scares the living hell out of me. Almost every single embarrassing story I have is because I had said something outlandish, stupid, or it may have seemed normal to me but nobody else.  It wasn't until almost a year ago that I started reading about ADHD and all the symptoms. I related to quite a few of them. I finally talked to my mother about it, but she thought I was batshit crazy. She has worked with kids for almost 30 years now, so she claims she would have known a very long time ago if I had any disorders or not. I finally went to my college's counseling center a few months after that to talk to someone about my anxiety. I wasn't going with the mindset of ADHD, only for anxiety and depression. After a few appointments she said that she saw many signs of ADD and ADHD. I quit going because I just felt like the only person who could help me was myself. I tried getting on a diet and working out, but I just get so unmotivated to do something if I don't find interest in it (eating tuna and canned chicken every day really gets old). I'm debating on finally going to see a doctor about it, but I'm terrified of being diagnosed with something. I have tried Vyvanse and Adderall before. Vyvanse is a wonder drug for me. I can sit there and happily listen to someone, be completely calm, focus on whatever is in front of me, and just be happy. I didn't like Adderall because of the side effects (made me jittery and what not).  My parents basically pay for everything, but it's time for me to start helping them out. When I go back to college for this fall I will be working and going to school. I can't physically see myself commuting to school 30 minutes away from where I will be living, while having a job at the same time. I literally can't see myself pulling through 100% with that. I just don't know how to approach my parents or a doctor/psychiatrist about my situation. I'm just afraid everyone will see me as a drug-seeker and not as a person who really needs it. I get told by my friends that I'm normal and don't need a drug to help me, but I know I need to get some help. Sorry for this ridiculously long rant, I just needed some like-minded people to hear me out and give me some advice. Thank you.
