183ebd6085a19a5f55e2d01acf69ae079d19de21dd546ee105898b478125a959;;;Diagnosed ADHD Inattentive by psychologist, but family doctor may not agree. Not sure if this is against the rules, just need some life advice.;;;I started seeing my psychologist back in early march for depression and anxiety. At the same time I went to my family doctor and was prescribed antidepressants. Fast forward to 3 weeks ago. My psychologist believes I may have ADHD after our months of meeting. My entire life I've noticed the symptoms he told me I had, but as a kid I always thought ADHD just meant you were super hyper all the time, which I wasn't. My grades were always just okay, and my parents were the type to just say get over it or try harder.   He tells me to call my FD to schedule an appointment, which I have to wait a week for. The day comes and an hour before my appointment they ask if I'll have any documentation with me, which I don't (I have never been tested before). They then tell me I have to go to to a different clinic to get tested before I can come in for an appointment. I then called this clinic, which told me the soonest appointment to get me in would be a month away. I was heartbroken. I went home that day to look up the clinic and found all 1-2 star reviews on their google page, which doesn't really mean much, but I started having second thoughts. I also read you have to go to 2 appointments, each 2 hours long, and then wait 2 weeks to get your results back. Now this seems way over the top to me. I had an appointment with my psych today, and he went over the ADHD questions with me, and determined I have all 9 signs of ADHD inattentive. He then wrote up a letter and faxed it to my FD. I now wait to see what she says, but don't know what to do. I'd love to just go in to my FD and have her write me a prescription, but at the same time I see their reasoning to have me go to this clinic to be 100% sure. I'm now having second thoughts about going to a psychologist instead of a psychiatrist. Has anyone been in this situation before? Just need some advice about what to do.  Thanks  ***TL;DR***:Psychologist diagnosed me with ADHD, Family Doctor wants to send me to clinic to get tested. Weary about going. Need advice
