191f9fb18f8c200c8546268d17b962888d44b8ab8ac88f0532d53672b87618e6;;;ADHD + working from home = disaster??;;;Hi, r/adhd! I've been reading posts here for awhile and am hoping there may be other people here in my situation. Some background - I've always been introspective and inattentive, the "lost in my own thoughts" type, but wasn't diagnosed until after college due to assuming (and being told by others) that I was just lazy. (I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety in my early teens, and throughout high school and college I blamed most of my ADD symptoms on my other mental health issues.) I've always been talented in writing and English classes, and a voracious reader, so my family, teachers and I always assumed that smart and ADHD were mutually exclusive. I know now this is so untrue, and now that I am an adult in the working world I see how my ADHD seriously hinders and otherwise successful and fulfilling career.   About three months ago, I moved from a large city where I was working as an editor for a magazine to a very small town outside a very small city, but I kept my job and am working remotely now. I moved to be with my boyfriend of seven years, six of which we were together long distance. I was resisting moving to be with him out of fear that I would be damning my career and thus giving up my independence, so I am so thankful that I was allowed to keep my job AND be with the man that I love.   While my relationship has never been better, the move has totally taken a toll on my work, which in turn leaves me in a constant state of anxiety. I never realized how much the enforced schedule of going to an office every day and being around people helped me structure my work flow. Now, I have trouble even getting up on time to work in my home office (a completely separate room which I've set up to be like productivity HQ, so no excuses there), staying accountable and communicating with my coworkers and working on assignments in increments. Basically I feel like I'm back in college pulling all-nighters to complete work that was assigned weeks ago. I know many of you are familiar with the panic-induced productivity that springs up the hours before a deadline, and this is mostly how I've been able to file stories on deadline.  Since my work is deadline-based, I've found myself back in this habit of pulling together work at the last minute fueled by anxiety. This is obviously not healthy, most importantly, but I know that my supervisors have started to notice. While they've been very accommodating so far, I fear that their patience with me is running thin. I really am fortunate to work in a field that I am interested in and make a good amount of money while living with my SO, but I'm terrified that my ADHD will result in me getting fired. Where I live now is a very economically depressed small city, and there are few (if any at all) job opportunities in my field. I did look around for a new job before moving, but found none that would offer the same opportunities that I have in my current job working for a national publication.   Do any of you work remotely or freelance? How do you structure your time and work towards deadlines without the inherent organization of being in an office setting? How do you avoid spending all day fucking around on the internet?? Any tips would be greatly appreciated, thank you!  tl;dr: Moved from a big city to be with SO, kept my job and am now working remotely. ADHD rears its ugly head and I have trouble organizing my work and structuring my day, and now supervisors are starting to notice and get frustrated. How do I turn this around, keep my job and prove to my boss that I'm a worthwhile member of the team?
