19e8286bf1fa0daa555dbfa8e683374d67000400cb5c5aa3f6d0b40dad5d0650;;;So I'm seeing a doctor about this next Monday...;;;My partner has several mental health issues (mostly anxiety/PTSD-related). She had been suffering from intense insomnia lately and decided to see a doctor to see if they could suggest something different, new meds, a referral to a specialist, sleeping pills or whatever. And I'm like, awesome. Happy wife, happy life, right? And she can hardly be happy without any sleep whatsoever.  She texts me a little later in the day saying "The doc gave me a referral to a psychiatrist to review my situation. He thinks I might have ADHD and some OCD, but I'm not seeing it. I mean, I know my issues are mostly PTSD-driven."  Being the caring husband that I am, I figure that Oh, I'll just learn everything there is to know on ADHD, you know, to be helpful. And oh my God it explains most of the weird behaviours and coping mechanisms I've had in the rest of my life.  I lose track of conversations because I can't decide what part of someone's face I have to look at when I'm talking to them. When I get overwhelmed, I send my hand into very specific, twisted motions to split my focus and tone down the world around me. I get extremely irritable around crowds. I do things until I hit that wall of difficulty and then drop the project completely (tried learning to code, started to design about 35 different tabletop RPGs, I have 6-7 blogs with 1-2 posts around the Web. The list goes on). I can't get any work done without my vision going out of focus, unless I have noise cancelling headphones and am playing loud, lyricless music. Generally Downtempo or instrumental hip-hop. Well, nu-jazz is pretty sweet too. Anyways.  A few weeks ago, I was trying to help my better half set up a backsplash (with wallpaper+Mod Podge+a sealant, it looks great), and I got so angry about the creases in the paper I couldn't stop myself from bashing my head into the cupboard. We then came to the conclusion that I needed to calm the hell down, maybe go play complicated videogames for a while.  Last week, I thought I was a lazy waste of potential. A smart young man screwed over because he was just smart enough to coast but not smart enough to actually succeed. Or maybe everyone was like me and I kept running into super motivated overachievers.  Now I'm realizing I might have a problem. And problems have solutions, which is probably my favorite feature of problems. I'm seeing a doctor about a referral to a shrink on Monday. I'm feeling relieved and a little ashamed? Probably because of an early-life of being told ADHD was an imaginary illness and really, "I'd just send my kid run a couple of laps around the block after dinner".   I have a reasonably safe government job right now. That I might hate. The problem might also be elsewhere. I don't think I'm keeping it passed September unless something changes. I don't know if I'm happy or terrified at the prospect (I'm not fond of the job) but I'd rather get to a place where I can leave on my term.  So yeah, thanks to the internet for telling me about your experiences and prompting me to get help. I might actually end up a human being after all (as opposed to a raging ball of frustration at my own inability to actually do things).  After a few conversations with my partner, she came to three conclusions.  1- I shouldn't self-diagnose. I do not have the training, nor the experience to tell such things. And the internet isn't a doctor.  2- I definitely have ADHD. No doubt about it. Oh yeah.  3- I am not a failure or a piece of human waste for admitting to weakness and needing help.  I'll keep you guys posted.   TLDR: Internet and wife is making me seek help. Thanks internet (and, to a much greater extent, wife)!
