1abb21b83926269b64ca44206c0c213a0a0f716e75c071b2871a3e100f0873dd;;;Ran out of vyvanse today, anxiety through the roof.;;;This is my first post here, i've browsed a lot and i think the support this group has for each other is unparalleled and I figure I could do with talking so some fellow add/adhd'ers! Anyway, I've been on vyvanse for roughly two years now, I've been diagnosed with adhd since I was 9 and I was on straterra until my senior year in high school. I felt like items my working anymore and I got off it in November of my senior year in high school. Coincidentally, my GPA dropped from a cumulative of 3.35 to ~2.6 for my last semester (partially due to senioritis).   I got to college and I realized I was completely useless without medication. I got prescribed 50mg of vyvanse and of course my first day on it felt miraculous, I felt like I could actually focus for once. That effec obviously subsided after a few months and its now at the point where I don't feel like it works but I know it is, because if I don't take it or even if I take a lower dose I feel a difference.   Today, I ran out of the medication because I forgot to get a new script an my anxiety is through the roof. I feel so useless and depressed like I can't do anything. I'm currently going to counseling for self esteem because I realize how badly adhd affects me; my whole life I was prescribed medication and I never really know what adhd was, I just knew I was hyper sometimes and couldn't focus. (Wasn't until this summer when that i realized that i wasn't living up to the standards that my management job required.). Now I feel like I'm stuck on this medication for life , and at times I don't even know if its helping, because I find myself gravitating to things that are more interesting now more than ever (assuming its because of the dopamine rush coupled with even more dopamine release from doing something fun like video games).   I have some stuf going on at home and my counselor and I are starting to uncover some stuf I never knew about myself and that my play a ole in my sometime feelings of inadequacy and its tough to know how much is from that and how much is the vyvanse. I'm not even sure what I wanted to get out if this, maybe just venting cause I feel like absolute shit haha.  TL;DR Ran out of vyvanse today, terrible withdrawal and contemplating if my medication is actually helping me in the long run or if its exacerbatig my mini addictions that I get when on vyvanse. Just venting?
