1b806570778005f129a239753aac1669c892f375337aa648c0408689b07f158b;;;I need help. I'm getting "evicted" from my place of residence for about the 27th time.;;;I've been ADHD/ADD since I was starting school.  I(26) (and my boyfriend(34)) think that he might be ADD as well.  We keep having arguments that escalate, and when we've had conversations about the conflicts when sober, we've tried to provide suggestions to each other as to handle the other when we get into one of those highly introverted, almost manic modes.   Last night, we were drunk, and he started doing that thing he does where he needs to listen to music, loudly, with bass, until fuck you o'clock.  I needed to sleep.  I did what he had suggested when we last had this conflict.   I grabbed my good headphones and handed them to him as I requested that he enjoy the music through a means that doesn't rattle the walls.  He tore them apart, threw them at me, and then shit escalated.  I'm leaving out the finer points of my trying to calm him down, and the finer points of the holes in the walls.  For the umpteenth time, I'm chilling at the bar down the road because I can't go "home".  I don't know what to do, I don't really have the money to move right now, but I don't think I can keep trying to do all of the harder things he asks of me (helping him cleaning up the disaster that his previous roommate left behind and helping with other general home renovations), when really all I ask of him at this point is to stop leaving clothes in the dryer (they're still there... It's been a week... So much for me helping with other laundry chores, if his shit that he only likes folded a certain way is still fucking sitting there).  So, I'm getting thrown out, because what was a simple request to wear headphones turned into him breaking them, throwing the pieces at me, me chucking them back... etc. until he grabbed the lamp I was holding to defend myself and baseball bat smashed it against the wall.    What the hell can I do?  According to him, I'm a psycho abusive nut.  According to me, it's a little ridiculous that breaking my shit and throwing it at me is ok, but if I throw it back, I'm abusive and assaulting him.  Help?
