1b8e0d07b647b6adc0dbabd825b7f25690b9be439785a760f8a6b3c0a3e8d4ec;;;I need help. Feeling hopeless (30, F, UK);;;I am having a really bad time right now. I have been referred for ADHD diagnosis but the waiting list is apparently 10-11 months long. I don't know if I can wait that long and going private is out of the question.  I am agitated, unable to focus on anything and everything seems too overwhelming. Even things that are completely unrelated to me or my responsibilities can make me feel overwhelmed. For example I see a beautiful piece of art that has clearly taken somebody a long time to make. Instead of being able to appreciate the meaning and the craftsmanship behind it, I just feel a sense of dread at the impossibility of me being able to focus enough to create something anywhere near that. I am a creative person and so this is very frustrating. I have no job and am on sickness benefit at the moment and I feel like I am wasting my life.   I am barely eating and have persistent, intrusive thoughts of harming myself. In order to block these feelings out/feel less awful, I self medicate with alcohol, weed and prescription drugs, or failing that I just sleep for 12, 24, 36 hours at a time. I can't deal with this any longer. I was seeing a therapist but the organisation discharged me once they heard I was referred for ADHD assessment. I have been referred to a new therapist at my GP surgery but it is called "low intensity" therapy and I already don't think it will help me, as my feelings are most definitely high intensity.   Please can anyone offer advice? The past few days I have had several moments when I have considered presenting at A&amp;E (ER) and telling them I am having thoughts of suicide. If I do this, do you think I might be referred to a psychiatrist who can diagnose ADHD and get me the help I need (i.e. medication, perhaps more specific therapy)? Or would I just be told to sit it out on the waiting list like everybody else? I don't know what the protocol would be and I feel like this would be somehow disingenuous of me to do but then again I AM having suicidal thoughts and I DO desperately need help.   Thanks in advance.
