1e4971158e89009a0cd0217c68d25ec7d84e4a1eee748fe8e3305a8db02bcc5a;;;Longterm diagnosis limbo;;;Ive always had mental health issues with anxiety depression, addictions, PTSD, intense mood swings, insomnia and eating disorders.   When I was a kid I was kind of a weirdo daydreamer, really really quiet and always humming to myself at the same time. Ive always been hyper sensitive, I remember bursting into tears when I was six because my brother and dad were playing a game of risk, I woke up and sat with them to eat my banana, and the tension and intensity of this game made me BURST into tears. This sort of stuff is regular behaviour for me throughout my life.  When I was in grade three my teacher spoke to my mom about how I was always getting up and wandering around, humming to myself and daydreaming. She suggested I be tested for ADHD and my mom took me to a child psych where I was put on a month long 'blind ritalin test' where i took a placebo some days and ritalin others, and my behaviour was monktered to see if the ritalin helped me. During this time the same teacher had taken to putting me with a desk in a school supply closet, and forcing me to work alone with the door closed in there. I complained to my mom about the buzzing in the closet, and she noticed i was always tired and sick feeliny from the meds, so I was weaned off or whatever and my mom met with my teacher who she refers to as a "looney toon" and determines that I must not have ADHD because the meds made me ill.  My child shrink told my mom I was exceptionally intelligent and bright for my age and that there was nothing wrong.  ADHD doesnt get mentioned as a diagnoses again by any of my innumerable doctors and psychiatrists. Im 27 now and have had an extremely uphill battle, dealing with hard drug addiction, alcohol abuse, and trying to navigate my mental health and nail down a diagnoses through it all.  Ive been on like 17 different psychiatric medications to deal with anxiety depressions and mood swings. Last year was one of the worst years for anxiety of my life. I moved from my hometown to a big city with my incredible partner of six years, began school for Special Fx makeup, and had an emergency surgery to remove my gallbladder. It fuckin sucked. I realized myself getting agitated in class with noise and distractions, I was exhausted from working and going to school all week and having just one day off. My emotions were pouring out of me and I began to self medicate with alcohol again after having been a non heavy social drinker for a long time. My grades began to slip, I was always hungover and overwhelmed with my wildly demanding cosmetics retail job. I went to a walk in clinic and described my symptoms to a dismissive rude dr who wouldnt let me finish any sentences. He referred me to the mood disorders clinic and within a week I was in for my first meeting with a psychiatrist to access my history. Right away I could tell she wasnt like interested in being overly supportive even though a lot of the history I was sharing was super triggering and causing me to disaccociate. I went in not wanting to start any meds without subsenquent visits, but she insisted on prescribing me ZOLOFT (or sertraline) and I do have a lot of gratitude for that.  Once I began to treat my anxiety things started to ease up and become a bit easier, I still had a lot going on but it helped me navigate my way towards graduation, and gave me the bravery I needed to quit my shitty underpaying job to focus on school. Zoloft was the most effective med I have taken and I started taking meds on and off when I was about 18 or 19. Ive had prozac, paxil, ciprolax, effexor, gabapentin, ativan, clonazepam, celexa, and a multitude of sleeping pills. Zoloft was the first one that made me feel the weight of my anxiety begin to rise and give way to ambition, motivation, and a life with less fear and more happiness.  Over the past few months Ive been really noticing a lot of ways that I struggle that the zoloft is not helping like at all. I forget important things, I forget little things, I forget everything. I have always had trouble having consistency in my life. I have no sense of budgetting and have never had extra money because of my lack of foresight. I get overwhelmed and aggrevated very easily when things arent working, or I dont understand something. I have specific little pilea all over my house that my boyfriend cant touch because its not a mess! its my pile. I have awful sleeping habits, and when i get on track i always seem to lose momentum and become distracted. I havee trichotylamania and have been ashamed of it for years. Sometimes the world is so overwhelming feeling that i literally just nap so i can give my brain a rest. My closest friend is my age, is an incredibleperson who I bonded with immediately after meeting, and she has ADHD. I was talking to her about what i was going through and she super gently and respectfull recommended ADHD as a potential diagnosis. She provided me with a ton of links and resources and prepared me for how difficult getting a diagnosis would be.   I was eating up all the material she sent me because I was having this huge fucking epiphany that I have ADHD like everything felt so relateable. some of things I eead about people and by people who struggle with ADHD hit so close to home that I couldve wrote it myself. I was hurtlingm towards dealing with this and had to wait for everyone around me to catch up. I made another appointment for a group medical visit which, for me, is every bit as awkward and uncomfortable as I thought it would be.  I spent weeks eating healthy and doing yoga, I even started running because the sweet endorphins calmed my brain for. few hours so I could get work done. I kept my research up throughout this time and def got obsessive nd hyper focussed on learning everything i could know. When my group med visit happened I brought my notes with me and while their were two OTHER people in thw visit with ADHD the psych seemed really dismissive, like he thought i just wanted an adderall prescription to flip or something. He brought up my confidential history in the meeting with people I had just met. He didnt do that with anyone else, only me. He brought up really personal stuff about abuse and then told me he thinks my main problem is anxiety. He upped my dosage of zoloft and gave me one questionaire for ADHD that we filled out together after the meeting. I found him really creepy at that time and was super angry.  I couldnt imagine suffering another day without medical support for ADHD, or atleast someone who would listen and respect me and trust my own knowledge of my life.   I talked to my friend about i and she was really diplomatic and told me that hes probs just trying to rule out anxiety as a main cause. The day I upped my meds I went crazy clwaning and decorating my apartment, but after that it was more of the same. I feel like now that im aware that my forgetfulness isnt just a quirk, but a real symptom, I forget more. I lost all motivation to exercise and do yoga, and have been sluggishly dragging myself through the motions of life. sometimes when I have to walk to thw store to get bread it makes me so overwhelmed and overstimulated that i feel exhausted from it. My aggrevation is so hard to control, but ive found if i take a lot if ainulabts like coffee and energy drinks I function like 15% better than usual.   I have a group medical visit coming up that im super nervous about because its with a new doctor and i feel like Ill have to please my case again. Ive decided that if the dont begin to diagnose my ADHD ill request a referral to a ADHD specific psychiatrist and hopefully access that treatment ASAP   TLDR; mental health stigma sucks and I wish this lack of diagnoses wasnt so stifling
