1eb30c9af8d96195c5665ff1b42e470b4589efdd31168323decfce506948f4d6;;;Never, never, never give up!!!!;;;I read a lot of posts here about people struggling with ADHD and they often negative. I totally get that. But I'm here to tell you that it won't always be that way and it's definitely possible to be successful!  I was diagnosed in 7th grade during a time when I couldn't write a complete sentence, do basic algebra, or read at my grade level (I was about 4 grade levels behind). Kids in my language class would laugh at me because they'd breeze through exams while I'd sit there and drop tears of frustration on my paper. I'd cry myself to sleep at night because I had gotten yelled at for something that my ADHD had kept me from seeing about myself. I had to work twice as hard to study in high school; twice as hard for half the grade my peers got at half the effort.   It continued into college. I worked my ass off to get Bs but over time, I got better. I worked hard on my writing. I read all the time to increase my literacy skills. I welcomed criticism so I can learn from it. It wasn't easy and you know what?? It's still not easy. But it got better.   After college, I went to graduate school. I got through but not without difficulty. A whole new set of problems awaited me at almost every turn. Abstract thinking, working in teams, and communicating was a challenge for me, but over time, I adapted and graduated.   I became a teacher after graduation. I loved being a teacher. Again though, it didn't come without challenges, Getting side tracked in class by students, forgetting small details when grading or talking to parents or my boss bit me in the ass from time to time. It was tough, but totally worth it; teaching is wonderful.   I went back to graduate school after teaching for a few years. It was great; I was a much stronger student and for the first time ever, students came to ME for help with papers and I soon became one of the class leaders in helping other students with graduate work and tutoring. But ADHD's ugly head wasn't far behind. Frustrated professors would often call me out for looking like I wasn't paying attention in class. I would say things that were out of context that would get me weird looks. Eventually, I was put on probation because of a huge misunderstanding regarding breach of conduct and plagiarism. I hadn't done anything wrong and most people knew that, but from the way the situation looked on the outside, the process dragged out for months. I eventually was exonerated and I graduated, but not without burning bridges. At this point in my life, I could have blamed the ADHD. But at the same time, I began to recognize that I was unconsciously using ADHD as a crutch; I was the only one holding myself back from further success because I continued to look at ADHD and either say I had overcome it, or that was the cause of my many idiosyncrasies. It was time for another evaluation.   I started seeing a therapist. My medications were adjusted (Straterra is awesome when used correctly). Meanwhile, I went back to teaching. Something was different though this time. After months of therapy and medication regulation, I was a completely different person. I recognized many other issues within me through therapy that I began to work on and adjust to. I came out of the closet to my family and friends (who welcomed me with a kind of love that I had never known before). I began to be more honest with myself. I stopped enabling my ADHD by not giving it anymore attention than it needed. I began to live more happily.   Two weeks ago I turned down acceptance to a PhD program at an IVY league school to accept a spot at a school that will fund me for four years. To go from someone who couldn't even read or write well in the 7th grade, to turning down a PhD program at a  top ten is a testament to years of hard work, tears, frustration, and acceptance. But it's been worth it to get to where I am now.   And ya know what? It's still a struggle. It always will be. ADHD will continue to put challenges in front of me that I will always have to work on. But that's life and I'm okay with that. It's never going to go away, but that doesn't mean it's going to dictate my life to me, not anymore, not ever again.   With all that said, in the words of Winston Churchill (who also had a learning disability) never, never, never give up!!! With hard work and determination, it will get better!
1eb30c9af8d96195c5665ff1b42e470b4589efdd31168323decfce506948f4d6;;;ADHD and relationships;;;I've had ADHD for over twenty years now and I came out of the closet to everyone about 3 years ago. Since then I've had a few relationships here and there but Jesus they've been up and down. I haven't dated anyone for more than 2 months, nothing significant at all.   One of the things that I hate about having ADHD are the mood swings I get when I'm dating someone. One day I'm on cloud 9 because I really like a guy, but if the next day he has to postpone a date because of something I feel like our relationship is doomed and he's going to dump me. Then he'll text me later and make plans for a follow up and suddenly I feel great again. There is no middle ground. There is no medium. It's like I'm either flying high with someone, or if there's the slightest setback then I feel like it's completely over.   The guy I'm dating was supposed to come over tonight for dinner and stay over. All day I was cooking and prepping for him, but he called and asked if we could push it to tomorrow because he's swamped with school work and he wouldn't be able to give me the time I deserve tonight. Now, I'm not mad at him at all. I told him I understand and I really do. Things happen. He just asked if we could push it to tomorrow and that's totally fine. But deep down I'm crushed. We just started dating a few weeks ago and I really like him a lot, but knowing that these things are going to come up, and the depression and loneliness that follows is a killer for me. I can't stand it.   I wish I could turn off my hyper-focus sometimes. It's great when I'm reading a book and want to finish it in one sitting, but when things like this happen I get so freakin' depressed and it's so hard to stay busy to keep my mind off of it.   What do you all do to fight this?
