1f00a1062e021a96d727dc989a75c52bc6d51fc6b1f9611414f05066e3d7f9dd;;;I feel like my ADHD is not taken seriously because I am "smart".;;;This turned into a bit of a rant, but I just need to get it out of my system.   I've always been a good student. Straight A student, an over achiever. My ADHD wasn't discovered until I was 17, because teachers and other adults would look past my symptoms since I still managed to ace all my exams.   I fear telling people about my diagnosis because the times I have I have gotten one of the two following responses: "*Really?* But you are so smart" (what they don't realize is that I don't just get good grades, I spend hours upon hours trying to finish simple assignments because I can't concentrate) or "Haha, if *you* have ADHD, imagine what I might have!" (this was said by one of my "random" friends, who seems to think that ADHD= * holds up spork *)   It is so frustrating that people don't take me seriously when I try to talk to them about how I feel. When I say that I didn't get anything done last night because I could not concentrate it does not mean that I tried for 5 minutes and then gave up and watched TV instead, it means that I sat there for HOURS and still only managed to write three scentences. I'm often met with "Oh, why are you complaining, you´re still gonna get an A!" and before exams I've gotten "I wish we could swith brains!" several times.  What they don't realize is that wish that too! I would give anything not to be chronically stressed because I can't get stuff done, to not spend every waking hour completely exhausted only to not be able to fall asleep without laying awake for hours. What for them is a normal conversation is for me a huge effort, I have to keep my focus on what they are saying, I have to stop myself from interrupting them and I have to close out all of the distractions surrounding me. It is exhausting and I just get really sad that they take this gift for granted.   Sorry if it's a bit incoherent but I just needed to get it out of my system because it has been bothering me for quite some time.   EDIT: Wow! I did not expect this post to blow up, I wasn't even expecting anyone to reply! Thank you everyone who has taken their time to answer, I really appreciate it. It's nice to hear that I'm not alone in this. I've also gotten a few helpful tips that I will try. I'll talk to my doct or about my medication, try the library to see if I might study better there and stop telling people about my ADHD (not that it is something I'm waving about, but I don't really keep it a secret either).   Once again thank you to everyone, you have really brightened my week!!
