1f6e99c7b20ec83e20629b1f14f37052b6a827721526bf9c68bf7ea1e014e1a4;;;Well, is it? And if so, what next?;;;**TL;DR:**  Pretty sure I have ADHD, wondering what diagnostic steps would confirm it.  Also, would prefer to avoid most of the first-line treatments, wondering if people have experience with other treatments like buspar.  Trying to figure it out.  I've had a lot of problems with focus, procrastination, etc, over the last 3 years (which is when I finally completed school and lived completely on my own for the first time).  They've been compounded by crappy work/life situations which have led to mood issues.  I started seeing a therapist earlier this year for depression/stress, and we've made quite a bit of progress on the situational stuff (my mood is way better) but I'm still having trouble with focus and getting stuff done on time.  I'm high-functioning (graduated from college, did a masters, got a doctorate), so I assumed that I couldn't have done all of that with undiagnosed ADHD.  My brother has a textbook case of ADHD, and compared to him, I've always been "the good student".  But on the other hand, I've often felt slightly scattered (at best), had issues with procrastination/time management, had difficulty waking up, and generally felt like somewhat of an underachiever.  Looking back, I think I just had coping mechanisms that worked pretty well when I had external structure.  Other than symptom review what would be next steps to confirm the diagnosis?  I think if that's it, it might be time for meds, since the childhood coping skills aren't really haven't been helping much any more.  I'd like to avoid stimulants because of the cardiac effects.  I already take a blood pressure med, so I can't take clonidine.  There's a risk of mania with wellbutrin, and that's not good with my family history, plus it can exacerbate anxiety, which I'm prone to.  That leaves strattera, TCAs, or buspar.  My brother takes strattera and says it gives him occasional bad headaches - something I can't risk because I have migraines that are barely kept under control on multiple meds.  Of all the meds, I think the side effect profile of buspar seems the most attractive to me.  Anyone have experience with it?
1f6e99c7b20ec83e20629b1f14f37052b6a827721526bf9c68bf7ea1e014e1a4;;;Straterra dosage question;;;TL;DR: Doc wanted to put me on full adult dose, I'm built like a kid so I want to titrate up and only use the full dose if I need/can tolerate it.  I finally got in to see a psychiatrist today, and he confirmed both the diagnosis and also that I'm at the point that I do need meds.  We agreed on straterra, but we had a pretty long discussion about the dosing.  I'm about 100lbs on a good day, so I'm concerned about taking large doses of any medication.  The full adult dose is 80mg/day, and he wanted to start me on that right away.  My brother also takes straterra and he needs to divide his doses because of the side effects - and he outweighs me by 50-60 lbs.  I flat out refused to start at 80mg and after listening to my concerns, he agreed to start at 40mg/day and work up to 60mg, then possibly 80mg if I'm doing ok.  This is with my full understanding that it may take longer to get the maximal benefit.  So I have two questions:  - any other adults doing fine with less than 80mg/day?  - if so, how did you arrive at that dose?  Was it because of side effects or because you found you were able to get the full benefit with the smaller dose?
