209cb69420fcd953924ad5fe58a92a7f2cda61b8c9d99f49e61924bcc749d2a5;;;After 6 years of agony in college, I landed a volunteer internship at a place I thought I could never work for.....I got fired today after a month and a half on the job. Does this shit stop?;;;I apologize and thank you in advance for the incoming rant because I need someone to wallow in my self pity with me:  I spent 6 years getting fucked by my engineering courses. My grades were so low, I got kicked out once and was put on probation for most of my collegiate career.   I felt like the biggest dumbass in every one of my classes. I ended up hating engineering.  What's more is that I spent the past 6 years with only a handful of friends, what I would consider mostly close acquaintances. Almost every person I considered a 'close friend' in both high school and college is barely in touch with me.  I read the journal article that was posted the other day, and it mentioned that ADHD people have trouble keeping friendships. That's me right there.   And, as predicted, I was diagnosed with ADHD during the summer of my fifth year,   I was put on medication. My life got slightly better, things seemed like they were looking brighter. I was visiting a therapist, my grades were improving, and I was going to graduate.   I even made a friend I really liked.  But my social anxiety had become so severe that I ended up becoming infatuated with her as a friend and then, inevitably, as a romantic interest because she was the only person I hung out with for a couple of months and the first girl I had been with in a long time.   Problem was she had a boyfriend. She probably noticed that I liked her and was acting weird around her so she distanced herself from me and now I don't even have her as a friend.  So my final semester comes by and while I'm doing slightly better in school, my social life has taken a step back because I've lost my only friend at this point and my anxieties have kicked into high gear.   I graduated finally in May. I wasn't proud, really. I had a shit GPA, no job prospects, no friends, no sex, no career aspirations because I hated my own field.  But then, this summer, I landed an internship at a news organization that I thought could provide a pathway into journalism, something I truly enjoyed. It was a volunteer position, but shit man, I thought I was incredibly lucky to even work for such a place.   Today, I got an email from my editor saying I've been taken off the team: I made too many mistakes.   For some reason, I'm barely fazed. Sure, I cried and I feel sad now. But I'll get over it tomorrow. For 6 years I got dejection after dejection for every failed grade in my exams. I mastered the art of getting over failures.   But for once, I want that A. I want some satisfaction and some success, and I don't want to be the biggest loser in the room, at least not in every fucking building.   Most of all, I want some support. I feel alone as fuck right now. Bless my therapist, I trust her, but I have no idea if my visits with her have been helping me.   I take one step forward and two steps back every month. I've been trying so hard to improve myself but if my life were an ice cream cone, it seems like for every scoop of vanilla I get two scoops of cow shit.  I can't help but feel like I have been robbed of my personality. What was once a fun, weird kid with ADHD who would get along with everybody has been beaten down into a bitter, traumatized man with a co morbidity of depression, anxiety, and ADHD.  I thank the heavens I don't have suicidal thoughts. But if I am satisfied with my life for an extended period of time at any point in the future, i will have considered myself the strongest man of my generation.  I don't live in a warzone, I have parents who love me, and grew up with food in my belly and some toys. My own problems are bullshit compared to Malala's or a starving sub-Saharan child. But at the same time, life feels like a step above hell right now.
