20dc9af9dca726f6fee1a47eade399fb51b364b2f1cfbccbc7a1b58a43216360;;;My ADHD fiance (23m) has just been offered a promotion at work (IT), but the shift will be nights rotating 3-4 12 hour shifts a week. I'm worried the change in structure and routine is going to affect him negatively.;;; **tl;dr:**He works in IT, and at 23, he's juggling 40 hour workweeks with a *full time* college schedule on top of that. His schedule is about to change to night shifts 3/4 days a week and I'm worried the change in structure will overwhelm and hinder his schoolwork/job.    Hi everyone. I'm undiagnosed ADHD (won't get insurance until january, I digress), my fiance is currently being treated for his with 25mg Adderall XR(generic) daily. It's doing wonders. He's doing SO well, but it took us years to get to this place. He's being offered a promotion that would allow him 3-4 days off per week to focus on school, but it'll be night shifts. I would love to hear some experience or advice on how to handle this so that he doesn't get completely overwhelmed with such a huge change.    Backstory:   His parents were anti-medication, neglectful and play favorites (N-mom, his sister is the GC and he's the step-son of her dad...not a good history). He was raised to focus on sports and his parents never pushed him to do well or get good grades....so when he quit sports his life spiraled into a mess.   For 4 years, his parents enabled him and watched him fail semester after semester of college. He would sit in his car all day staring into space rather then going to class. They never did anything to address the issue, and because they were anti-meds, he quit his medication (he was diagnosed at age 20) and his life got even worse. When he was diagnosed, the medicine helped, but the negativity from his family did nothing to encourage his efforts in school, and his parents didn't seem to care about his grades, only that he pass (which he didn't, because of the lack of support).   We moved in with eachother last year, and it changed both of our lives for the better. We learned about ADHD together. About what to do, how to structure life, the necessity for routine, and it has helped. I have 2 ADHD sisters and both of my parents are undiagnosed. I didn't notice the symptoms in myself until recently, because I'd spent my life overcompensating for everyone else in my family. Anyway he got back on medication last december and with structure, routine and coping mechanisms, his life is skyrocketing into success.   Fast forward to now:  -I have my degree(Biology) as of May 2013, but I'm unemployed. It's been rough finding a job. We're relying solely on his income until I find something.  -He enrolled himself into a college here in an IT program. He went from being a barista, to a temp, to an entry-level analyst for a huge IT company within less than a year. He's been working hard and it has been paying off majorly.  -He will have completed 35 credits by the end of this semester, and is on track to earn his associates in his field by next december/spring 15. This is a huge accomplishment, considering last November he was at a dead end job with no future in sight.    His current schedule: M-F, 7a-4p.  His new schedule: S-W/S-T alternating OR W-Sat/Th-Sat alternating, 7p-7p.(he doesn't know which yet). It's the alternating thing that scares me. It adds just a small amount of change to his schedule that worries me.   If he takes this position, I'll start applying to night shifts in order to try to stay on the same schedule and maintain our routine together. We'll make it work.  Next semester, he will be taking 12 credits. 7 of those credits will be earned within the first 8 weeks of the semester, so it will be a LOT of very hard work. Do you think the extra days off will help or hinder him in this? He seems to think it'll help, because he can focus his day on the schoolwork (he can never study during the week because he's burned out from a day at work, so I agree).    Of course, he'll likely get a significant raise, which would really help us. But my concern is his personal growth.   Less work days might be a good thing, but I need to hear it from you guys. Any insight would be appreciated, and I'm sorry this is so scattered. I just need some reassurance.
