216e2a2d616c60a74221fb36b38ea17729ee5f2dcf0ca066d32eed9a1069f25c;;;Sensation Seeking Tolerance;;;Was curious if anyone has had any experience dealing with the Sensation Seeking aspect of ADD.  As background, I was diagnosed at 13, and re-diagnosed during grad school. (Now 28.) I've been on and off meds for years (mostly off).  I'm having major issues explaining this to my non-ADD friends, but hoping other ADDers may have any insight:  Sensation Seeking and the tolerance builds up - My career has been going well, I can only thrive in a demanding and high-stress workplace. If I'm not faced with this challenge, I'm easily bored and I turn to outside stimuli. This is a mouth-full but: the demand and challenge from any job can't keep up with my demand for a challenge from that job. I climbed to the highest rank possible at my most recent company faster than anyone has ever done, but I left the company because I needed more of a challenge. The stress in the workplace translates directly to stimuli, which is positive for me. However, when there isn't enough stress, I get extremely bored, disconnected, depressed. Some people say they wish that stress didn't bother them, but I feel like I'm going out of my mind. (I don't get any of the negative aspects from stress. When dealing with a high pressure situation, people say I have ice in my veins.)  Outside of work, I'm hitting similar issues. While a lot of ADD Sensation Seekers also enter into risky behavior, I've been extremely cautious and conscious of this, as I know there is a high correlation between ADD and substance abuse. Regardless, everything I do for fun/excitement quickly becomes boring as I build up a tolerance to it. I can't hold down any kind of relationship simply because it's not stimulating enough for me. I'm translating from partying hard to partying harder, and each step the tolerance builds and I need more and more. I'm in a safe place for the moment, but the demand for stimuli keeps growing exponentially and I'm afraid of where this might be headed.  Has anyone had experience approaching/combatting this tolerance to sensation seeking?  Any advice would be greatly appreciated.   tl;dr - I have classic ADD Sensation Seeking personality, but I'm building a massive tolerance to all the sensation that I receive and it's not cutting it. Need advice.
