2342ac6c67e33ad6642c5d9b83c2f5482ba61f5d5a4e2d97b4701adf7ba9b523;;;I'm worried for my brother, I just want to help... ;;;I'm pretty positive my brother has ADHD. As a kid, he could never pay attention in class; he got in trouble all the time for it. He was considered very bright by many of his teachers, but they all mentioned that he never tried. In middle school, my brother had special lessons with the principal just to practice his reading. All throughout high school, my brother never had good grades. He just barely graduated high school. Right now, he's going to an art college, but he's struggling there too. Just today he went to his school to pay his tuition last-minute, and was angry at himself because he missed the deadline, thus dropping all the classes he wanted. He also got a parking ticket; my brother insisted that we had only been in his school building for no more than fifteen minutes, but I'm pretty sure it was an hour. He also mentioned to me that he was getting very irritated when he was trying to teach his girlfriend how to bike, and was putting himself down for being so impatient. Also, he got another overdraft on his debit card.   His impulsiveness and forgetfulness really worry me, but I'm even more worried about how much more frustrated he seems to be these days. When he was younger, he had some serious anger management issues, and while my mom attributes it to puberty, I feel like he might just blow up again. He told me that he was getting irritated at everything, everyone - and that he had no reason for it (again he started beating himself up over it). He's been lashing out more these days, which is concerning because he's still working out often. Back then, working out made tremendous improvement on his frustration.  Sometimes I feel like anything he wants or does at the moment surrounds every part of his mind so that it leaves no space for anything else. My relatives always tell me how he's irresponsible and reckless. I know my brother doesn't mean to disappoint other people. It's sometimes hard to just try and understand why he can just forget to do things so easily, not prepare anything... but now I feel like it's starting to get worse for him, and I want to push him to the right direction and help before it gets any worse.   The thing is though, I don't know how to do that. My brother and I have spoken about him visiting a therapist (I haven't mentioned a psychiatrist), but every time I bring it up now, he just nods and says he'll do it, he'll do it eventually. He's never thinking about WHEN to do it though. He just tells me he'll do it, but I never see him plan it. And when I offer to find him help, he tells me he'll do it later, do it himself. He's holding it off, and I KNOW that even if a part of him doesn't want to do it, a part of him also wants to go. I think he had a bad experience with a psychologist in the past (where she gave him pills that scared him off), so I don't know what to do now. Is there anything I can say to him? Is there a way for me to let him do it now, instead of holding it off... because once he goes back to college this fall, I won't be around there to tell him. And I just want him to get help as soon as possible, and I know it sounds bad of me trying to push him to get therapy or whatever he needs, but I just hate seeing him fall deeper and deeper when I'm trying to hold on. Augh, sorry. I just really hate seeing my brother feeling bad all the time, I really do.   TL;DR - sort of a rant, sort of asking for advice. How can I help my brother go to the right direction? He's suffering from what I suspect is ADHD, but he won't bother going to anyone for help despite the fact that he tells me he will be.
