2423501c360c11d8145ae66de4089e11ec379b0417c41f26fe477d1492ce8dd6;;;How can I overcome the fear of failure so that it stops my paralysis by analysis and allows me to follow my innate desire to take risks?;;;I recently read *The ADHD Advantage* by Dale Archer, MD after learning that the non-stop motor running in my brain was attributable to ADHD.   I am a slow reader who hates books/reading and generally do not have the attention span to finish them... but I finished this one in 3 hours and retained it all (thanks, ADHD Hyperfocus Mode). One of the biggest things I related to was how people with this condition often loathe the consistency (read: monotony) of the "daily grind" and aspire for "more in life." This sums me up to a T.   I want to do something new and exciting, be my own boss, and impact the world in a positive way. What ends up happening is I get these great moments of inspiration, brainstorm for hours, and then ultimately get overwhelmed with all of the brainstorming I have done and just go do something else to get my mind off of the stress I just manufactured for myself. This leaves me in no better position than I was before, and then I am left to think about all of the things I haven't accomplished, which is very toxic to my well being.   Dale Archer's book talked about how ADHDers often take risk and 'go for it,' but I am so self-critical and self-conscious that I find a way to talk myself out of all the creative ideas I come up with out of the fear of failure, even if I think they are really good ideas.   **TL;DR My fear of failure causes me to be a little *too* diligent of a researcher, which leads to paralysis by analysis, which leads to me being stressed that I have not yet started a business, which leads to researching business ideas... etc.**  EDIT: Thanks so much for all the replies &amp; commentary. I thought I might share this advice I found from a Myers-Briggs type analysis in case this is more of a personality type issue than an ADHD issue (maybe the two go hand in hand, I don't know?)  * Personal Growth Recommendations for Type Fours Fours grow by recognizing that while the hurts and losses of the past were real enough, there is no need to keep revisiting them in the imagination. On the contrary, doing so keeps drawing them out of the richness and depth of the present moment—the one time and place in which their real feelings and their true identity can be found. Fours need to see how working up their feelings actually moves them further away from their most authentic self and their truest self expression.  * Do not pay so much attention to your feelings; they are not a true source of support for you, as you probably already know. Remember this advice: “From our present perspective, we can also see that one of the most important mistakes Fours make is to equate themselves with their feelings. The fallacy is that to understand themselves they must understand their feelings, particularly their negative ones, before acting. Fours do not see that the self is not the same as its feelings or that the presence of negative feelings does not preclude the presence of good in themselves” (Personality Types, p. 172). Always remember that your feelings are telling you something about yourself as you are at this particular moment, not necessarily more than that.  * Avoid putting off things until you are “in the right mood.” Commit yourself to productive, meaningful work that will contribute to your good and that of others, no matter how small the contribution may be. Working consistently in the real world will create a context in which you can discover yourself and your talents. (Actually, you are happiest when you are working—that is, activating your potentials and realizing yourself. You will not “find yourself” in a vacuum or while waiting for inspiration to strike, so connect—and stay connected—with the real world.  * Self-esteem and self-confidence will develop only from having positive experiences, whether or not you believe that you are ready to have them. Therefore, put yourself in the way of good. You may never feel that you are ready to take on a challenge of some sort, that you always need more time. (Fours typically never feel that they are sufficiently “together,” but they must nevertheless have the courage to stop putting off their lives.) Even if you start small, commit yourself to doing something that will bring out the best in you.  * A wholesome self-discipline takes many forms, from sleeping regular hours to working regularly to exercising regularly, and has a cumulative, strengthening effect. Since it comes from yourself, a healthy self-discipline is not contrary to your freedom or individuality. On the other hand, sensuality, excessive sexual experiences, alcohol, drugs, sleep, or fantasizing have a debilitating effect on you, as you already know. Therefore, practice healthy self-discipline and stay with it. Avoid lengthy conversations in your imagination, particularly if they are negative, resentful, or even excessively romantic. These conversations are essentially unreal and at best only rehearsals for action—although, as you know, you almost never say or do what you imagine you will. Instead of spending time imagining your life and relationships, begin to live them.
