253f85cef8d100b9e3ab3362c44f0ff5b448b4dbc7ed4d797de8e8c9534e2299;;;Sometimes I want to be single;;;Right now I really hate my relationship.   I REALLY need to plan obsessively and stick to it and my SO is *constantly* derailing it through no fault of his own even. Everyone's SO likes to have fun with them I presume. So today he talked me into playing video games when I shouldn't have to. I love that game and with my poor self control I just gave into it. I starting to think I either I want no SO at all or an SO who's a strict disciplinarian and will not enable me no matter what, and if he knows playing video games is bad for me in the middle of the day he will never suggest it.  At night my SO likes to cuddle up to me and that's distracting as hell. He cuddles up so far that I couldn't friggin lay flat. One night I refused to cuddle and the next day we had an argument. I have insomnia and i try to set a strict sleep schedule for myself to wake up at 7AM everyday. It's working well lately then BAM tonight insomnia hits again. It doesn't help that I was stressed and thinking about my homework problem. Then RIGHT before bed my SO surfing the internet and was like "hey look at what Wikileaks came out with today!" Or "you HAVE to listen to this this is awesome!" Then he wants to have sex. Bedtime sex is something most couples do and honestly we don't have many other convenient times to have sex, really. I can't reasonably say no all the time. Except sex makes me hyper awake.   What ends up happening is, I hear the music through his headphones (he put it on extremely high volume), even if I didn't want to. Or I was already thinking about that Wikileaks thing even if I never intended to hear it nor did I want to think about it. I saw his screen EVEN THOUGH I have a no screen policy an hour before bed. I have so many problems and I can't control my SO's habits because well they're his. Sometimes I can convince him to stick to my strict regimen even though deep down I know it's unfair to him too because if he followed my regimen he would not be allowed to surf the internet or have a screen anywhere I can see it. I would have ban sex before bed because that usually leaves me wide awake. Our sleeping time would go from 9PM-5AM. I will refuse to watch a movie if it starts after 7 PM. I will never go out after 8PM. He refuses to live like that.  We compromised and decided we'd wake up at 7 everyday. Except he's unhappy and REALLY wants to wake up later on weekends so we can go out at night. That just wouldn't work for me. I can't even articulate how shitty that would be for me. The schedule has to be RIGID and 100% consistent or my circadian rhythm GOES OUT OF CONTROL. I know myself best. And I know that my rhythm is an wild beast that freaks out if I give it even a little bit of leeway.  I don't know what to do. As much as I'm frustrated with him and taking it out on him a little bit I know it's not his fault. I have to wake up at 7 AM (not because I have class. But because I MUST keep up this routine no matter what) regardless and it's already 245 AM and I'm awake because of a variety factors, some of them because I can't prepare for bed the way I'd like to due to him. I know it's perfectly reasonable for him to expect to have fun with an SO and not have so many restrictions but I DO need to have them. I don't know. I'm frustrated and stressed and chronically sleep deprived and my career is in MATHEMATICS, so I have to be in top mental form everyday. I just want to scream. Maybe we won't sleep in the same bed anymore. Maybe we'd never spend the night anymore so I can go to bed how I like. Maybe even when we get married we'd live in different wings of the same house or in different houses. Maybe it's easier just to break up. Thing is I don't imagine most normal guys will put up with a girl like me, but if my SO isn't fully compliant with my system then it makes me so tired and angry (at the world because of sleep deprivation) that it ruins it all. I don't think relationships are for me but sad though it may sound I think I'd rather be single for the rest of my life and never go out and have fun at night then continue to live life like this.
