255dc4242244ae35e03849f3731745b709a02e03e32cc1249ea48ed29e3b9bce;;;How should I ask my doctor to not prescribe me strattera but concerta instead.;;;Update: It seems that where I live, the only thing available AND legal to be prescribed to adults with ADHD is Strattera. Besides that, this has been legal (diagnosing and prescribing treatment to adults) only since this january (and the prescribing only since June). Also, my psychiatrist subbmited my file to some kind of councis to decide wheter or not should I get Strattera for free and they declined it because "I haven't been following any adhd treatment for the last 2 years since I am an adult." (I'm almost 20 now). And so even if my doctor had good intentions, well, my country is broken and so my only option is to leave as soon as possible and move to a country that is more.... SANE. (which I would have anyway but it would have been nice to start the treatment now).  TL;TR: Doctor wants to prescribe me strattera, I don't want it, I want concerta.  Ok guys, thing is, I've taken strattera when I was a child, since I was 8 years old up to 13-14. It wasn't doing any good for me, only possibly for my mom since she didn't have to come to school anymore the trouble I ould have cause.  Strattera was bringing me down, TOO down, I mean I went from the adhd kid who's always causing trouble and is violent and such, to the guys who's almost always sleeping in class, and I was just, not responsive, I kinda had deppression symtoms.  If only it would have fixed the thing that (now) matter's, the mental processes, concentration, motivation, all things that left untreated will surely wreck your life. It certainly did NOT.  Basically I was a "good/quiet boy" but I couldnt focus for sht, I start my homework late, like 8 or 10 in the evening and finish it ALWAYS past midnight.  My mother didn't care about this, she only cared about not being shamed for my behaviour. And so, she didn't report these symptoms to my psychiatrist and I think she probbably didnt even think they were symtoms of a thing.  At about the age of 13 my psychiatrist stopped my strattera treatment because she thought I was cured... Yea, thing is, where I live, ADHD is treated with ridicule and disbelief (by the general populationd AND the psychiatrists), and on top of that there is also a general phobia of medication in my country.  After that I have lived untreated untill now, I'm 19, 20 next month, and I've been seing a new psychiatrist who I belive is one of the fewest open-minded (or better said, not ignorant) psychiatrist in my country who has given me for the last 2 months bupropil (and I've also done cbt) and next month she wants to give me strattera...  Now, she has been very understaing and nice to me but I really don't want to take strattera again, I'm aware that it might have different or even better effects now that I'm an adult but I really don't want to take this medication, I am really frustrated right now that I'll go the same road or actually now that I'm an adult I'll go a VERY bad road, probably the same it would be if left untreated. I'm affraid to straght out ask her to not give be strattera but concerta instead (I would have preferred adderall but that's not available where I live) because I could be seen as a junkie or just some guy seeking to get high. I'm aware that she probably want's to try to treat me with a non-stimulant instead of a stimulant as it would have less sideeffects, but I'm in a really bad spot in my life and I REALLY can't waiste time trying a medication that will take 4-6 weeks to start having effects instead of taking a medication which effect's I can observe immediatly.  How should I proceed in my attempt of swaying her (medical) opinion? What would be the most succesfull way of changing her mind?
