280616e2c4772d7e1d283c5c16e29889e60ae73de242bfde67609f57deb2f247;;;Husband recently diagnosed with ADHD @38yo. How will meds change the years and years of behavior patterns/habits?;;;I found this sub last night and searched "husband/spouse" and read several posts. It was incredible to hear the non-adhd spouse's stories over and over, like looking in a mirror.   Our relationship has always felt like me having to parent him, redirect him to what needs to happen, pick up the mess and handle keep our life in order. Most of this I don't mind because I'm a take charge, type A kind of person. I don't care to manage finances, keep up with our calendar, handle the kids medical issues (one of our children has severe health issues).  But then there's the kitchen that has no cabinet doors for 3 months because he was going to refinish the wood, did 1 door, then stopped. Our basement that looks like an episode of Hoarders because there's 800 projects going on and tools everywhere and stuff that "may be useful". His anger from being totally mentally overwhelmed then having to come home to 3 young kids, who HELLO are not predictable little humans. I can't rely on him to do anything. I'm envious of people who can ask their husband to stop and run some errands on the way home. I don't even bother anymore. He also can never get out the door on time for work, which is exasperated by the fact he works for his family and won't get in any actual trouble by being late.  So mostly this is a vent. BUT last week he was diagnosed with ADHD and prescribed Vyvanse. Hopefully he will have the actual medicaiton in hand in the next couple days. We went out of town the day after his dr appt and are now waiting on the financial assistance paperwork to go through.  I am trying to be optimistic that this will be helpful for us. I am in school 2 nights a week and the burden that is on me has grown. Making lists for the nights he's home alone with the kids has been helpful. But I'm trying to not get my hopes up too much that the meds will fix much. How can I help him change his behaviors, like watching 3 hours of youtube in the morning after he wakes up? Or the need to do one small task with crazy hyperfocus so that's all that gets done and there's so many more tasks left that fall on me? I guess I'm just trying to not expect too much.
