290bc362e181dee884fc8b4a7b2e85f0c25bb4d651f7ac5d5204192a3a4e55ea;;;How does a doctor verify you've been diagnosed by a psychologist?;;;I tried a ton of google searches and browsing on this subreddit but I can't seem to figure out how to find out the answer to this question other than just ask.  After a pretty long process of testing and sessions, I was given an official ADHD-PI diagnosis last week by a neuropsychologist, and was told to go see my primary care physician and ask about treatment options.  Therapist also said something about papers and asked if I'd prefer to receive them by mail or e-mail, and I said e-mail and gave them that.  Okay so, now I have a doctor's appointment scheduled in a few days, but the thing is I still haven't received that e-mail.  I had problems before when asked if I wanted a receipt for co-payments, and I just said to e-mail them to me, but never received them (I have an easily misspelled e-mail which worries me).  Anyway, my question is do I need whatever they're supposed to send me in order to get a prescription?  This has been stressing me out for a couple days now, and I guess I need to know if I should be calling the place back to make sure it's sent before the appointment, or if the doctor can just look it up some other way.  Sorry if this seems like a stupid/basic question I should already know the answer to, but I really just have no idea how it works, and nearly all the posts I've seen deal with people who were diagnosed and prescribed medication by the same person.  Perhaps if I'd done a better job researching I could have avoided this problem, but I pretty much chose the best ADHD-specialist person based on online ratings I could find and went with them and what's done is done.  Anyway, I could call my psychologist and try to make sure they actually send it properly, but I'm worried I'll end up calling and then I still won't have it (I also checked my spam folder it's not in there) and this whole thing will become an even bigger pain in the ass.  So does anyone know how this needs to work?  **tl;dr: diagnosed with ADHD by psychologist, need to know how the doctor gets proof of this**  Edit: In case anyone was wondering, I talked to my doctor's office and they said I come in and sign a release form and then they'll be able to get my information from the psychologist's office.
