2a5a591533cc7cf0c9b2d6de62f794ede9ac51851486f68d327583904538a427;;;Suffering terribly and seeking advice. Diagnosed with Childhood ADHD and been unmedicated for a decade.;;;This may be a bit lengthy, but I feel I must provide some context.  As a child in elementary school I was diagnosed with ADHD. After some trial and error in finding the correct medication and dosage, my performance in school and behavioral problems were both corrected with near immediacy. Before treatment I was completely inattentive in class and spent my time doing whatever I wanted, which was usually being the class clown. Afterwards I was the #1 ranked student in my middle school and stopped acting out entirely. Quite an astounding change.    However, after consultation with my doctor my mother decided to wean me off my medication in eighth grade so that I would not be dependent on it in high school. Seemed a logical conclusion to me at the time and I was quite confident I could handle it. I had always been quite a good kid, never daring to step a toe out of line while I had been medicated. That year I nearly failed school, and skipped two months of class before my mother found out what I was doing. Somehow I managed to pull through with D+'s and C-'s and make it to the ninth grade. Before that year I had been the sort of child to hide anything less than an A grade out of shame.   Things went all down hill from there as very difficult events occurred in my life. My parents split, my mother lost her job, we moved from town to town, and state to state. We went to California to take care of my dying grandmother and then back to the state of CT. I couldn't keep up in school due to constantly changing classes. I had no friends because I was constantly moving, which in turn caused me to be very depressed, quiet, and angry. Cold silence has a tendency to atrophy any compassion others would feel for you. In my case it seemed to make me despised... quite a vicious cycle. We were very poor and could not afford new clothing or good food. I had a bad accident that tore one of my internal organs in half which was a huge financial burden. So after that we were constantly living under the threat of eviction. For a very long time I considered killing myself, and I never did speak to anyone about it out of fear of being labeled some sort of psycho who needs to be on watch. Blah blah blah sob story.   Fast forward a decade. Here I am today, Buddhism is my saving grace. I truly believe in the teachings of compassion, patience, and love he passed on. Since the eighth grade when I quit, I have always been a believer that medication is a crutch and I should rather spend my time sorting through my problems and resolving them without it through the teachings of the Buddha. If I cannot come to terms with my issues without it, how can I say I have truly dealt with my problems. How will I ever come to face them if I am reliant on a substance to function properly?   However I was always bullshitting myself. I never stopped medicating. I just turned to marijuana instead. After noticing negative health effects about a month and change ago due to excessive smoking, I have recently mustered the resolve to cease my use. However without that safeguard in place it feels as if my mind is running rampant. I have absolutely no motivation. The thought of taking a phone call or making plans with someone gives me anxiety and is something I avoid at all costs. Working more than a six hour shift has become hell for me. I hurt my back recently and am in quite a bit of pain but cannot afford a doctor. I legitimately consider a bullet to the head most days, and am afraid to tell anyone for fear of adding to their burdens. The few people I am close to, four, all have enough on their plate as is. I am so tired, so deeply terribly exhausted of this life and am reaching for a rope somewhere...fucking anywhere...Just something to grab onto. Maybe I should really be letting go instead..I dunno anymore.   So I have been considering trying to get back on medication. Thinking that maybe it is not a crutch as I thought it was, but something I genuinely need to function in society. However I don't know what to do. I am terribly poor, and break even after buying food, paying rent, and bills. I have a $5000 deductable for medical insurance and there is no way in hell I can shoulder that burden. I don't know how to go about even seeing a doctor about my problems without incurring great debt. I have so many doubts and questions. What are the long term dangers of medicating for ADHD? Perhaps ADHD is not even my problem anymore?  I match up considerably with the symptoms of Bi-Polar depression. What if I do go to see someone and they label me as some drug seeker and don't want to help? How long will it even take to get help? I feel like I am at my wits end. I live in seclusion now, I never talk to my family nor even my closest friends. My mental condition gets worse by the day. I don't know what to do.   I am just looking for some advice.
