2a6cf8e81a12493a85f11469f82da7a7cfeac5aa3e23236077d0b3ce44d9f632;;;Late bloomer joining the ranks with ADD;;;Good Friday afternoon everyone! Well as the title states, I am a late bloomer. I am a male of 37 years and was diagnosed in November 2015 as having ADD with a major in inattentiveness. Honestly I'm kind of proud of my diagnosis but at the same time a little frightened. It was several years ago when it was suggested that I get tested. The mother of a woman i was dating performed tests for elementary students and suggested I look into it as she felt she was seeing some symptoms in me. At that time I was in the camp that ADHD was overdiagnosed and too many kids being put on drugs for no reason. I feel bad for that opinion now. I had been in some therapy a few years later and after a test was performed it was suggested that I might be ADD. They offered me uppers or downers. I frowned upon that as I felt that they should be telling me what I needed if it were genuine. So that subsided and I just took the antidepressants they were shoveling. Fast forward a few more years and it came up again this time from my nurse practitioner. This was due what has been described as a nervous breakdown or midlife crisis. 2015 had been about my worst year on record. Hopefully it stays that way. What really drove me to get this done was a link my current GF sent to me while I was at work describing the symptoms of ADD/ADHD. I almost began crying at my desk surrounded by my peers. I was able to identify with the majority of what was listed. It was an eye opener. It kind of just made sense. It also added to my anger that all this time and potential that has been wasted because it wasn't found earlier.   Looking back the signs were there. Though 30 years ago they were often overlooked. They make sense now. 1. Teachers: He's a smart kid, he just doesnt apply himself. 2. Parents: You'd do better in school if you just remembered to turn in your homework. Why would you not turn in your homework? 3. I was told that I was advanced in school though i should have been held back all throughout elementary. I was finally held back in the 6th grade, and coasted with a C average in high school. 4. Parents always describe me as having been a bad child. My memory is different, but when i fucked up, i did so in a grand manner. 5. In adult life, I dont think I ever really listen to a conversation 100%. This is particularly hard with work as I begin forgetting the beginning of the conversation about the time we get to the middle of it and at that point the end makes no sense. I still nod and act as if I understood for fear of admitting what might appear as being stupid.  6. I dont consider myself smart, but do recognize I am intelligent. I often use the phrase "Jack of all trades but master of none". So i know a little about a lot. But never enough to be a subject matter expert. Well except for those times when 'hyperfocus' kicks in.  7.  Relationships. Thats a tough one. Heck they are tough for everybody right? I've started new methods to keep them stimulating and so far am having fun with that. I hope it persists.  Anyways, thats some of what I could come up with for myself. I am now on my second day of Vyvanse 30mg. I notice something different but cant quite put my hands on it. Yesterday was awesome as I sprung up and was ready to get shit done. I feel i crashed about 5pm. Today I feel kinda chill. Perhaps a slight buzz feeling, but nothing like yesterday.   Focus? Well I'm hoping that will come in more as I stay on the meds. So far, I have gotten a little done at work, but here I am on reddit. Well that and some youtube videos about add, and reading at sba.gov for ideas for entrepreneurship from an idea I had several months back. Though its kind of slipping away and was likely just another hair brained idea that got me super stimulated but will probably cease to exist like the others.
