2a98aaee0106e56d451e1b9fc49ef73aaae3e3fdb0199f9d290c9492aeb05e35;;;Receiving life skills help from professionals;;;I preface this with saying no I haven't read every post on ADHD, so this is just my observation.  Since my diagnosis after the initial euphoria, I've felt a lot of anger.  Multiple reasons, but one that sticks out is the feeling that no professional is giving practical help.  There is plenty of talk about being evaluated and once diagnosed setting up a medication regiment and counseling. But the counseling seems to only deal with the depression and anxiety that may come up, no practical application.  No one seems to be getting that from their treatment.  I've been treated off and on for depression for over 25 years.  You know what I'm depressed about?  The fact that I still can't put together a morning hygiene routine (you know what they teach you as a a child).  Everything seems like it would take too long and I'd never get anything done.  I'm embarrassed and depressed that I'm sure everyone knows how to do this and knows I don't.  I have a three year cycle with jobs and relationships.  I invest every single bit of energy I have until I have zero in me left, and then become resentful and quit or just check out emotionally.  Now I'm into my fourth year of freelance and due to this bringing in less than $200/mo.  If not for friends and family I would be homeless because I can't even begin to think in a organized way enough to bring in more business.   I can't keep house, I'm just now learning to drive, I can only manage money because I keep an obsessive running total in my head to the point of anxiety.  But have no ability to actually buy anything I actually need or that goes together, be it food, clothing, etc.  THIS IS WHAT I NEED HELP WITH.  What I get told is "let's work on your depression" "let's raise your self esteem" and I'm about to lose my mind.  People talk about lack of executive functioning but it seems that people assume that medicine will fix it all.  Yes, my brain is not focusing on everything at once.  Yes, I can complete a task, but that assumes I can figure out what needs to be done.    Has anyone actually received treatment to deal with these issues and if so what type of professional helped you, (i.e. therapist, doctor, vocational counselor, rehabilitation, etc.)?
