2afb0d2845a07e921fe68820a48f75392111335f400274eac4885ae699af4ba3;;;Tired of emotions;;;Hi. Just diagnosed in mid July with ADHD. Quit work, took a leave from my masters and moved back into parents house. Finances and inability to cope with symptoms pushed me to do this. I am positive that I also have severe depression and anxiety. I took adderall xr 20 mg yesterday, plowed through work but still swet like a motherfucker (i have hyperhidrosis). Now lying in bed after not sleeping almost the entire night and my adhd is playing its typical games on me.  The hardest part i find is to not think about a certain past relationship that failed. I keep thinking about it and wondering how things would have ended up had i been diagnosed then. Often i get flashbacks 70% about ex or related and 30% about other things. Most of the time they are emotional flashbacks, meaning i get impaired and feel anxiety/depression even more when they happen. Adderall seems to help but not as much as i had hoped. Obviously this is not healthy. Relationship ended almost 2 years ago. I know and understand how i SHOULD be behaving and reacting and managing but fuck i am just too exhausted to cope with it.  Im tired, mentally exhausted, my coping tank is depleted as ive been getting thoughts and reading reddit adhd board on suicide. I wont do it but it makes me feel better that if i wont find a way out of this internal state of mine, i can always end it. Adderall comedown might influence these thoughts but ive had them even before i tried the first dose of adderall.   Even as i write this the flashbacks energized with anxiety and uneasy feeling keep impairing me.  Can anyone else relate? Advice is greatly appreciated.   Ps. Ill call a helpline or talk to my bro if it gets escalated. Suicide aint the way out.  Edit: Just researched about Guanfacine (Intuniv). Will be going to a doctor to get a script. Apparently this medication can alleviate symptoms of anxiety and enable better emotional regulation. I will try it asap and report back here. Hopefully it will help with hyperhidrosis.   Edit 2: Spent 10 hours going between docs and hospital and finally manager to get an ER doc to write a script for Intuniv. Im taking my first 1mg dose tonight and will report by the end of tomorrow on how things go from here.  Edit 3: SUCCESSS!!!!! Last night I had amazing sleep. Wole up in a great mood but a bit tired. As soon as i took adderall everything leveled out. My emotions are under control. No more severe flashbacks. My blood pressure has normalized to 120-75 and best of all I have minimal anxiety. Unfortunately sweating has not stopped. I will report back in a few days.
