2b0c4a017ccda287a1683055973572a582b22c9c856aeb5ba0e893a62117c5fd;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD just a few years ago (I'm 23 years old) and it has forever changed my perception of things in life, but at the same time, it has crippled me.;;;I currently hold an "OK" desk job but I feel that I'm slowly losing my mind, and physically losing hairs due to stress induced bursts of frustration and its hitting me hard in areas where I question if my sanity will remain stable. I have always dreamed of becoming self fulfilled, hard working and creative at my profession, but I am currently experiencing anything but that.  I do not hold any major degrees, but a simple Plumbing Heating &amp; Cooling degree from a vocational school. I dreamt of becoming a successful plumber, but as soon as I was exposed to the field and the implications that I would face in my daily life out there, I lost interest quickly and gave up the career indefinitely.  School was terrible for me. I have more nightmares about school than I could ever have if I came back from a high activity combat zone in Afghanistan. I could never focus on anything, unless of course, I was really into it. Science, History and English were my favorite parts of my High school education, yet I still performed TERRIBLY in tests that I still remained mediocre at my scores, and thus lost the incentive to seek higher education upon graduation (nor could I afford it).  I traveled to the US when I was at the age of ten. My mother married overseas and now here I am. Before being diagnosed with ADHD, I always believed that my struggle to maintain focus and understanding written problems and tasks were due to my origins off country and the adaptation to a new language, but not due to the way I thought. My low tests scores, grades and lack of focus in class caused many arguments, fights, rebellions, addictions and acts of aggression that I do my best to shut out every day of my life.  ADHD has destroyed me, but at the same time strengthened me yet at the same time... it has crippled me. I've started to develop sociopath behaviors and thoughts that have me questioning my sanity every waking moment of my life. EVERY DAY is something, a battle, struggle, pursuit of knowledge, sex, money IT'S NEVER ENDING!   I could blame all of my faults in society, media and people in general, but I know its my fault. Many with the same condition can become self fulfilled, happy and establish a sense of purpose, but me? I have temporary ideas, bursts of creativity but they HOLD NO VALUE. I really just wish to be successful and happy, but feel pressured by my own goals and expectations.  Dealing with people is too easy. I can manipulate, entertain, please and even inspire others but I absolutely lack in those areas when I see myself in the mirror. And no, I do not have a lack of confidence, but I am quite analytical about my strengths and weaknesses.   What my dream has been for ages is to be a self fulfilled entrepreneur. Someone who is constantly travelling, meeting new people, exploring different environments and worlds, earning multiple figures and enjoying what I do, but I cannot even begin to act upon it. "Go to college, you are incredibly smart!" People always tell me. And I say the same thing every time, "I would gladly go to college if I didn't have to spend the remainder of my adult life managing debt that I cannot afford!". On top of that, just my lack in understanding math in general would destroy my overall GPA. I've tried tutorials, visual classes, audio tapes and books... nothing. Nothing works. I do not retain anything when it comes to math. And don't even ask me about word problems, as I would spend ten times the average amount a human being could possible invest into a three sentence one.  Understanding ADHD however, has helped me greatly. Every thought, action and reaction I experience daily I can quickly analyse and relate the cause and effect. It has been amazing, especially when reading people and interacting in a social environment.  I wish there was a way (clear set instructions) to obtain my goal, but don't we all? Or some way to achieve success, even is its a small fraction of the big picture forever entrapped within my thoughts.  Thank you for your time, I know it's just useless banter, but this was the only place I found worthy to express my experience with ADHD and how it has affected my life.   PS: *After reading the red text at least twenty times over, I was seriously discouraged to share my experience.*  TL;DR: After discovering I had ADHD, my daily life and expectations of the future have become hopeless and pedantic. I wish there was a way to improve in the things I lack and still maintain focus, while being successful and having established a sense of purpose in life.
