2baa434521b3fd53a9dd793628769ed68d284c3c941e15defe3717fd34067f8d;;;In the process of getting a diagnosis, dealing with a lot of frustration;;;I am a 20 year old female studying biology at a small liberal arts college. In the past year or so I've noticed some issues at home, work, and school. I have an extremely tough time focusing on schoolwork, I feel absolutely restless,  I put things off until the absolute last minute, blah blah blah. Well when I initially notice it, I just thought I was tired or feeling lazy. After getting more sleep and pushing myself harder to study, everything turned to crap. At the end of the fall semester I found out that I had failed o-chem, gotten a D+ in an essential bio class, and recieved mediocre C's in the rest of my classes. The thing is that I wasn't devastated. I had expected it entirely.  Fast forward to Christmas break. I take the month to relax and recuperate from the hellish semester I just went through. I still have these feelings of procrastination, distraction, and a lack of will power. My first thought is to get some blood work done to see if there is anything wrong, and if it comes back clean I'll start seeing a therapist again (I didn't have insurance at the time). My blood work comes back clean as I suspected, so I push myself yet again to stay positive and try to fix things myself with organization techniques and whatnot. Well a week into winter break my bf and I moved into an apartment, and since he works full-time it was up to me to clean the place up and put everything away. I dreaded it so much that I would find a thousand other small things to do to before unpacking any boxes or putting anything away. This put a strain on our relationship, but for the most part he sucked it up and I tried my best.   Starting Spring semester, I start a new part-time job as a scribe in the ER. I'm so excited because it's in my area of interest for a career, and I can't wait to learn the ropes. Balancing work and school is tough, but I deal with it the best I can meaning I barely make it in any of my classes. I end the semester with an F in another essential bio class, a mediocre C in anatomy, and A's and B's in the rest of my classes, which are basically blow-off/fluff classes. Meanwhile, I still haven't seen a therapist because I'm in such denial, but once summer starts, I call the office and make an appointment. Also, I start compulsively shopping which also contributed to getting in her office ASAP.  I tell my therapist all that is going on, and she tells me to go to my family physician and talk to her first. I comply, and after talking to my PCP for about five minutes (she was two hours late to the office), she writes me a precription for 25 mg Adderall XR. I leave her office feeling confused because I know that there has to be more of a screening than what just happened, especially because the area I live in has a huge issue with prescription drug abuse in the community. I reassure myself that it's fine because she's a doctor, and she knows what she's doing. Wrong. Obviously my insurance wants documentation of an ADD/ADHD diagnosis, and my doctor can't provide it because she didn't so anything. So I just wasted a month (June) trying to get help. I go back to my doctor for a follow up appointment to see how I'm tolerating the Adderall, and is shocked that the insurance company didn't give the prescription the green-light. She then asks me what kind of documentation they want besides what she gave them, and I tell her that they need proof of a screening. She looks completely bewildered at this point and asks me what a screening entails exactly, and I have no clue how to answer that. She's the medical professional, and she isn't providing me any other resources to turn to. I am beyond frustrated after leaving her office, and feel entirely hopeless. Later that day I have an appointment with my therapist, and she says that she can refer me to someone, but it'll be another 2-3 weeks before I can see them. I had no issue with that, so she told me she get back to me with the info after I fill out a packet and send it back in. That's basically where I am now. I sent the packet in about two days ago and currently awaiting a response. I'm just so frustrated because it took a lot to admit what I've been going through, and how much it's affected my life, and now that I'm actively seeking help it isn't going too well. I remain optimistic because I know that there is a process for a reason, and recreational abuse has driven it to this point. I just really want to make the changes necessary so I can function like a normal person. Lurking in this subreddit has made me feel like I'm not so alone, and honestly, a lot of the posts have made me reflect on what I've been trying to force away for so long. I guess what I'm asking for is how to stay optimistic when all I want to do is cry? I'm so frustrated with the whole thing, and every day presents a new set of struggles.  TL;DR In the process of getting diagnosed after having concentration/focus/compulsive issues for a year and a half.
