2bd80e8b061e19bfc9d603e18e089aa8d082bfd42d476fece875a4d0d2b04b49;;;I'm 18 and I think I might have ADHD, but how do I tell my doctor about my concerns? (X-post from r/health);;;When I was little, I could never focus on my homework. It took me hours to do simple math problems. I have never been able to read chapters in books because I get distracted after just a few minutes, and when I do read, I have to reread the chapters a few times because I zone out and start day dreaming. My mom also tells me I forget everything, and that's pretty accurate. To this day, I can't remember to do the simplest of things. Also, when I'm talking to a big group of people, or even talking to just a few or one person, I usually feel out of place because I never can focus on talking, I'm always zoning out and day dreaming to myself. I've also been known to have troubles sitting still. My feet are always bouncing or I'm wiggling my toes or picking at my fingernails to the point of them bleeding. This year was my first year in college. Last semester was rough. I started to deal with a lot of depression, social anxiety, sleeping problems, and a lot of other issues, but this semester has been much better. My social anxiety has seemed to disappear and my depression is at the lowest it has been in years and I'm sleeping normally again, but I'm still having horrible trouble focusing on my school work. In high school, I started out in a very good high school. Lots of kids, lots of different classes that challenged me, and I had a bit of trouble. Then, sophomore year I transferred to a really small school where the academics weren't nearly as good. This made me do a lot better in school, mostly because I could do all my homework in the class beforehand when I forgot to do it the night before. Now, I'm going to a very challenging university and I'm noticing that I'm having more problems like this than before. Last semester I ended up failing some really easy classes just because I couldn't focus enough to read a text book. So, my question is that if this isn't ADHD, then what could it be? How do I bring up these concerns with my doctor, when I've said nothing to him about it in the past?  Edit: Just to clarify, I've only seen my doctor 2 or 3 times, and I've never said anything to him about my mental problems, though I've been contemplating going to counseling to see if they could help, but I haven't brought myself to do it yet.  Update: I went to the counseling center today and met with a woman to talk about my concerns, my depression, social anxiety, and where to go from here. She gave me ways to help my ability to focus and we scheduled a follow up meeting. She did tell me that I definitely show symptoms of ADHD, but she isn't able to tell whether or not it is ADHD or depression. Now, I realize that I wasn't clear on when I was depressed. She thinks that it's something I've struggled with my entire life, even though it's mostly been only the past semester. If I were to go through my school, it would take a really long time for me to even by diagnosed, so she suggested that I go see a psychiatrist or doctor sooner rather than later. They would be able to evaluate me and help me faster than anyone else, so, I'm going to try to find a doctor in the area that takes me insurance. If not, I've gotta wait until spring break to see anyone.
