2c1a81c2f42c1c25e0829f5c93896e5cc7f0f468c1916daf6bacba50411b92c7;;;Little positive outlook to my future. No more med options?;;;So I have tried Ritalin, Focalin, Vyvanse, D-amp, and Adderall, and nothing seems to work enough or gave me horrible side effects that caused me to stop taking it. I won't take Strattera because honestly that's the stupidest idea for ADHD medication and won't put that into my body.  I don't really know what to do at this point. I'm currently prescribed Adderall 20mg twice a day (Max I can be prescribed a day says my Dr) and its not doing enough. I currently take 25mg in the morning, another 5mg an hour later, then the last 10mg around 2 or 3 hours after my first dose. Thats about 40mg in less then a 4 hour period and it's not really doing too much for my executive functioning, focus, attention, etc. Also, for me personally which seems to be the ONLY person to have this issue, redosing past this 4 hour mark does NOTHING for me. Absolutely nothing in terms of my ADHD symptoms. I have tried 20mg at once, then waiting 4 hours and taking 20mg again and it does not extend the first dose nor bring me back up anywhere close to my first dose. I can't fathom how anyone else can take 2 doses (or more) a day with 4+ hours apart and say it works for them, let alone taking below 20mg a day and it working for them. Do they REALLY have ADHD? Am I alone in this situation?  I really have nothing left to try and don't really know what to do from here. I used to feel like Adderall was working enough to not complain about it even though it wasn't fixing everything (not that it should or could, but you know what i mean) but now I have little positive outlook on my future. Considering Adderall is no longer working how I need it to I guess i'm gonna see about switching back to D-amp because its cheaper until something gets figured out.  Anyone else in a similar situation or been there?   **TL;DR** I feel like I have these MAJOR Executive Functioning issues which no one else has had to deal with and medication isn't doing enough, but at the same time feel like maybe i'm just a "lazy useless piece of shit who can't do anything" and nothing can fix it. Either way, it's rather depressing to say the least.
