3026f0fa22a52dd1cdedb08c33af5e5e8752d9bd38c3243c506a053be9d6fed1;;;Reaching out to you guys for advice in motivating my younger brother to perform better in school.;;;My youngest brother is going to be a Junior in high school this fall. There are lots of complications involved with his academic performance, but the hardest factor for him seems to be his ADHD. He was diagnosed over a year ago and is on a "lighter" medication since my family was worried about Adderall affecting his personality. My brother is a wonderful person and excels in many things, but has never done well in school. He is great at sports and is more often than not, the best player on the team whether it's soccer, basketball, golf, or even dance. He is very social (although he has been a bit quieter since he started taking his medication) and is one of the more popular boys in his grade. I am so proud of him as a person and as my brother, but it really makes me anxious seeing how poorly he does in school. He fails at least 1 class a year since starting school and often barely skims by with C's and D's. This past year he was supposed to fail both Math and Chemistry, but his math teacher let him pass with an F. Most teachers are extremely lenient with him and give him ample time and opportunities to make up late or missing work, including turning in all missing homework from the year and the very end of the term (I've never heard of any teachers doing that for anyone in my grade). However, he just seems to purely lack the motivation. It seems like he doesn't feel the pressure of possibly being expelled from school due to poor academic performance (and we get a personal letter from the principal every year saying that they want to keep him, but it gets more difficult every year as his GPA doesn't approve). I have studied with him personally and seen him ace exams if I take the time to teach him things step by step and making sure he understands them, but now that I am away at college and both my parents are extremely busy/ never home/ have always relied on me as the oldest child to handle all things for school and their extracurriculars I am worried about his school work when I go back to college. The only help he's gotten from my parents is payment for a tutor. However, even with the ADHD-trained tutor his grades have remained poor. Whenever my parents address the issue with his grades he seems to "shut down" and escapes to play video games or watch tv rather than study for things he clearly needs to. I'm not sure if he feels that it's too late for him to even bother trying anymore (although the teachers give him every chance to bump up his grades), that he isn't smart enough (which could be understandable considering that my other brother and I have always gotten very high grades and he might feel like he can't keep up along with all the other pressures of being the youngest child), or if he just doesn't care (which would really concern me). During some of our deep talks, I've asked him why he doesn't feel the need to try his hardest when he has so much to lose because he loves his school and his school really does love him. His reply is always "I don't know" or something similarly vague and dismissive. I understand that school is so much harder for him because of his ADHD and that it must be very trying considering other things like music and sports come so easily to him, but I would really appreciate your guys' feedback from a point of view that he can relate to and experience that he hasn't had and learned from in the importance of doing well in school and methods that have helped you. With college applications right around the corner I would be so grateful for advice or thoughts about how I can reach him to try his very hardest to do well in school this coming year and that with the right work ethic, he can turn things around. Sorry for the rant, but I love my brother, I believe in him, and I am so worried about his future/college.
