3112e3e3a7f204cc50dc580d308808070479b718a6dcef2b9a0708a18d3a4177;;;Time to start over;;;TL; DR: Glad to be here, long time coming, hoping to change my life  ("Holy wall of text, Batman!"  "Yes, but at least he put it at the top so we don't have to scroll down.")  Hello, everyone, my name's /u/rjshirts and I have ADHD.    "Hello, /u/rjshirts."    Wow...  it feels good to get that off my chest.  I've always been that kid that no one understood why I wasn't as successful as I "should" have been.  I drove teachers crazy because I could pass just about every test, but would never do homework of any sort.  I was reading college level books by 4th grade, but got bored in class.  I took the ACT as a sophomore in high school and pulled a 29 with no studying at all.  Like many others here (it seems), I also had problems keeping friends because I had a complete lack of social skills.   In spite of all that, I finished high school and graduated with honors (miraculously).  I spent 2 years in Eastern Europe and learned to speak Romanian fluently, then came home and married the most wonderful woman in the world.  Even more miraculous, we're about to celebrate our 11th anniversary at the end of the year.  (Yes, even someone like us can have a long-term relationship).   Now, things have not been easy to say the least.  College was HARD.  I nearly flunked out my first term (yes, you can get a GPA under 1.0), something I can now see was directly tied to this condition.  With the assistance of my wife, truly the  most amazing woman in the world, I completed my Associates Degree.  Then I stumbled on a school that was perfectly set up for someone like myself - self-paced and online.  I didn't get bored any more and absolutely FLEW through classes.  In three years I completed a Bachelors in Education, a Masters in Education, and an MBA.    But something still wasn't right.  I've been fired from a number of jobs, and nearly fired from the one I'm in right now.  Someone thought I had ADHD early in my marriage and started me on Straterra and (for me) it was completely useless.  I brushed it off as me just being lazy and trying to take the easy way out, saying to myself that I needed more discipline in my life.  So I tried to join the Marines as an Officer.  Yeah, that didn't go over well...  So fast forward 6 years.  I went in to a doctor for a sinus infection earlier this week and as we started talking he started asking a lot of what I felt were random questions.  When I stopped him and asked how these questions related to a sinus infection, he replied that over the course of the last few visits he had begun thinking that I might have either an anxiety disorder or ADHD.  As he started pouring on the questions, asking about everything I've laid out above, he said that my anxiety and depression issues might very well be from ADHD.    So today I started Adderall XR.  I'll admit, it scares me a bit taking a drug that has the word "amphetamine" in it, probably from hearing way too much about "Breaking Bad" (Maybe I should watch that show some day).  Time will tell how things go, but I'm determined to get myself into mental shape, as it were.  Anyway, I just wanted to say that as I've been pouring over this sub the last few days, it makes me feel better than I'm not alone in being a 32 year old that's finally trying to take control of my life.
