31803c13eb22ec1345723446e14ac282b59b414946593d79d27c01ca5664177c;;;If you go to get tested for "ADHD", will that also cover ADD?;;;I know that it's ADHD-PI, ADHD-PH, and ADHD-C now, but I'm sure that a lot of psychiatrists are still using the old way. I assumed they were using the new way, so when I went in I just kept saying "ADHD".   The testing was clicking on shapes as they appeared on the screen, matching up to shapes a few shapes ago, and measuring my level of movement while doing these games. They said I did above average for my age and that I didn't have ADHD, but *did that cover ADD?* They didn't use any of the latest PI/PH/C terms.   Fidgeting is entirely a part of hyperactive-type, as well as impatience, and the testing was 6 hours of really easy stuff- it seemed to be for testing patience. I swear that my dad has ADHD, and he was really frustrated the whole time because of how impatient he is, so he pretty much failed the tests without even taking them. As the tests went on I could literally feel the energy and focus draining from my body.   When looking at the symptoms for inattentive vs hyperactive, I definitely see 10/10 of the inattentive in my everyday life, but only 4/10 of the hyperactive. When taking ADHD medication I move a lot faster, I am in the present, all of my problems are swept away ("depression" as well), and the symptoms drop like flies.   **TL;DR - Could saying "ADHD" instead of "ADD" when looking for testing lead to a misdiagnosis?**  EDIT: ["Kids with ADD might fly under the radar because they aren’t bursting with energy and disrupting the classroom. Instead, they often appear shy, daydreamy or off in their own world."](https://www.understood.org/en/learning-attention-issues/child-learning-disabilities/add-adhd/difference-between-add-adhd)  "Symptoms of the inattentive type of ADHD are less noticeable compared to symptoms of hyperactivity and impulsivity. Unfortunately, as a result, many individuals with the predominantly inattentive subtype of ADHD are often overlooked."  EDIT 2: If I don't get any euphoria or "high" from ADHD medication, is that a sign of low dopamine/ADHD? All I notice are the energy, motivation, etc. when taking them. Never any kind of addiction, dependency, zombie mode, or high. I've tried three different medications and I can say the same for all of them.
