31aa0738b5e644ee91744d8eb58cda583d43b1da53313d9e03e8dc46ff907b88;;;Healthy methods of consuming Caffeine?;;;Didn't know if this was the right subreddit for this, but I have severe ADHD that I treat with 60mg of Vyvanse and small Dexedrine "supplement" doses throughout the day. I also drink caffeine. Like, a lot of caffeine. Mixing caffeine with Vyvanse has actually been shown to increase the effectiveness of the Vyvanse, as well as the caffeine (I can't remember the actual word for this). If I don't drink caffeine, not only do I get withdrawal symptoms, but my medication actually works significantly less. My Vyvanse helps me get up and get going, whereas I've noticed the caffeine I drink throughout the day helps me to stay motivated and keep me going, better than Vyvanse alone can. At my job we get free fountain refills, so I just drink Mountain Dew all day. I used to drink coffee with lots of sugar and creamer, but then my next dental visit revealed that I had 12 new small cavities mostly in my molars, suggesting that the creamer and sugar in the coffee that I drank throughout the day had caused them. I'm very aware that Mountain Dew is not a good substitute for sugared-out-tooth-rotting-coffee, as soda's have recently been in the spotlight for potentially increasing the chances of developing type 2 Diabetes, and they're probably just as bad for your teeth. I have a selective eating disorder on top of having ADHD, which means that I don't like a lot of foods for a lot of different, often strange, reasons. That being said, I hate black coffee, and I absolutely abhor the taste of tea. As you can imagine, this puts me in a bind. My question is this: Is there any other methods of, I guess I'll call it, caffeinating myself? I don't want to drink any more sugared-up drinks or sodas, I'd prefer something either healthy or something that at least doesn't have any negative health effects.  My other question I guess, is is there such a thing as caffeinated water? Or maybe caffeine pills? If not, those would be a great idea, especially extended-release caffeine pills.
