324a3ff462e59303478246f36d05dc5d2f23f2a3a41acef52fdd199646126d6f;;;How do you get ideas past the idea phase, and how do you get those projects past the half-finished phase?;;;You don't have to read all of this if you just have something to answer the initial prompt, that's cool. This became really ramble-y, sorry. I think the last paragraph is probably the most poignant, most in line with what I was originally planning to put down when I started writing, so read that one at least. I am sometimes very scatter-brained. ------------------------ I was diagnosed as a child, but once I graduated high school, I was asked to come in and get re-evaluated, but I was away in another city for school, and I couldn't go back to that same doctor at the time, I was like, "I'll do it when I go back for summer, or over winter break," and for whatever reason, I never did, and so I have been off of any medicine for like 6 years now and some of these weird habits are coming out. Or maybe I've got like brain cancer or something? Maybe I'm going insane.  I have become very contemplative, and I almost find that sometimes thinking about things seems to fulfill the sort of reward part of my mind as much as doing the thing does. I can spend a lot of time thinking about things, coming up with scenarios in my head, playing them out, and I can get really chuffed about an idea, get really excited about it, and then just not follow through on it. Like I almost get this weird sort of feeling like the idea is "good enough" and I know it's wrong to think this way. I'll be like "Alright, lets get started but first, oh my dirty clothes are just all over the floor, I should clean up a bit." Then I'll clean up and go, "Well it's 8 oclock I should eat." Then I'll eat and be like "Well it's kind of late to get started, I'll start tomorrow." And then on about half of the things, I never start, ever.  The other half of the things, I do force myself to start and I do enjoy them, these are personal prjects - things that I want to do - I'll get to a point where I'm most of the way done, I've worked on something that I feel like is really challenging, like for a drawing, I'll work and re-work an area until I feel like I really got it, then I'll step back and be able to see in my mind's eye I can see the end result, and I go "Yeah that's pretty good!" And I'll stop and just not start again, regardless of how finished it actually is. Or I will stop and then work on it in like 5 -30 minute bursts once a week or something. I've got a sketchbook full of like, half finished drawings. Another notebook that is full of like half brained ideas, just ideas overlapping ideas, text everywhere. An infinite bucket list of stuff I'll never get around to.  Some things are easier and I can finish, but the longer a project is, or the more involved it becomes, the less likely I am to finish, especially in one sitting. Maybe I burn out on it?   TL:DR: Even writing this, I am like, jumping around. I get the "main idea" and then go "Oh! I just had this other thought, I need to write it down or I will forget it!" Sometimes I can bring this in and edit what I write but I feel like on an ADD forum you guys would understand, right? In fact I think that's the best way to describe my mind. Ill put the main ideas down and then sort of be satisfied and start thinking about or doing something else... I want to change!
