324e8f29b748fb1dcfecba785535bba929726938ed5bb2956ac015c1f9707fd9;;;a random list of my frustrations (adhd-PI?);;;-very short temper. I generally suffer from "nice guy syndrome" but hell, sometimes if I feel wronged I can't even stop to think about whether I should rage about it or not. i can become scathingly bitter at people, and after I've usually jumped to the conclusion that I need to let someone know they're being an asshole I end up having to apologize for being an asshole...  -medications other than weed and caffeine consistently make me feel like shit physically and emotionally, and often times I can't get into the right state of mind before I take them and then I'll end up focusing on some bullshit like reddit or videogames or cleaning my room  -whenever i'm doing something really important that requires a lot of focus, I'll constantly be bombarded by thoughts of how what i'm doing isn't worth my time and there's probably an easier/better way to accomplish some sort of success in my life, and then I'll suffer from cognitive dissonance, either sitting in a state of limbo, accomplishing nothing, or instead running with my novel ideas of doing things differently, getting completely off track while feeling like I may have "figured it all out" but usually i just end up feeling very off track  -generally feeling like people don't understand my problems/think they aren't real problems  -communicating with people can be difficult sometimes, especially in person. for some reason typing messages to people feels like i'm making much more sense. I think sometimes I'll just let words fly out of my mouth before I've entirely thought out my idea, especially if i'm ranting.  -i'm always terrible at talking at the right time in conversations,especially in big groups but even just one on one. i can't help but blurt out my thoughts before the other person is done talking, and in a big group i'll normally just end up staying quiet because i can't find the right time to jump in.  -i always feel the need to rehearse conversations in my head before i have them with people. i can't just walk up and talk to someone, i have to meditate on it before i feel comfortable.  -in the relative quiet of the evening i find my mind becomes extremely restless and i can never fall asleep, often ending up researching everything and anything that makes me feel like i'm "on to something" that is going to be my key to success. i'll usually end up watching netflix to distract myself from these many thoughts that almost plague me at night.  -spacing out constantly, all the time. constantly falling into daydreams. i'm so good at this people don't even notice, often causing me to miss out on entire conversations as i just nod my head at those who think i'm listening to them.  -i crave the state of hyperfocus, and i don't know if it is healthy  -i usually feel scatterbrained or fixated  -i tend to rant about things  -it takes me a LONG-ASS TIME to do paper and pencil tasks, especially math, and writing papers, and the anxiety i experienced from this in school caused me to be math-phobic which sucks because now i feel like a functional retard. it makes me want to go back and take a long-ass time to go and learn that shit from the ground up but i don't know if it would be a waste of time or not. i think i will though because i think i need to. also all my math tutors made me feel like even more of a retard because i was so goddamn slow with them peering over my shoulder the whole time, the anxiety made it worse. so i just gave up and scraped by with D's.   -i'm an insuffrable perfectionist to the point where i'll just not do, or give up on  things that i don't feel i've completely mastered  -lately, when i'm not in a state of manic novelty driven focus, or sluggishly depressed about blowing my parents money on failing miserably at school, i'm just bored as hell.  ....YEAH that felt good  can anyone relate? i don't care if you can, it still felt great to get that out.  edit: thank you for all your words, you beautiful souls.
