34d33a81531eb707937613699efe923b768293d8359f23610bed66eb3dfb6a71;;;I didn't believe ADD/ADHD was a real, medical diagnoses.;;;I had heard of ADD/ADHD and read a few things and talked to a few parents of kids who said their kid just needed other stimulation in school or a better diet and more exercise. That ADD/ADHD results from our "instant gratification" society and a tendency to be inactive. So I believed this is the truth, because we do live in a society that pushes pills as a fix for most every problem. We do love instant gratification.  I am an undergraduate student, about the start my SEVENTH year as an  undergraduate. I was an art major because it was all I was good at, but didn't want to have to churn out uninspired works and hope to be paid for it. So I switched to something else, and then switched a few more times--all majors completely unrelated and requiring courses that did not pertain to other majors. So I am really far behind now in pursuing a chemistry degree with the hopes of going into nursing or maybe medical school if I get this all sorted out and can fix my course grade history.  I knew something was wrong (I have for a long time, but didn't know what to do) and so I looked up info on ADHD/ADD and found a video by a college-aged girl who talked about how she saw someone, got help, and now is doing very well at life. At all of the things I fail so miserably at and can't figure out why I do, because I WANT to be so good at them. Organization. Punctuality. Memory. You all know, I'm sure. So I saw in my city there was an ADHD specialist and now I am seeing him. I have accepted the condition is real, and am hoping that is what my issue is and that I'm not just a lazy person waiting for my breaks in life and hoping for reward with no effort on my part.  The main point of this was to say that I am so thankful to have found this sub. I teared up when I started reading through the posts... that there are people who struggle with the things that I do! A guy posted a picture of how he prepares for the morning so that he doesn't forget anything. Someone has the same problem as me and wants to help everyone who also struggles! That is just amazing. What a good human being. I am so thankful to have found you, r/ADHD!
