34eb874f75224e8bcd99a7e2e5314a9b0ea7f7140d184989bc1b5283bf2e5370;;;Saw doctor for one month check-in;;;Actually I've seen him a couple of times since he prescribed the Ritalin, but specifically to focus on this stupid kidney infection. Today was the scheduled check in to talk mostly about how it was going with the Ritalin. Just thought I'd update everyone....   I told him how very happy I am with it, and only wish I'd tried it sooner! It's made such a dramatic impact, especially with mental clarity and productivity towards mental tasks. Have yet to see any relief from fatigue/physical energy, but I am assuming that's the kidney infection, and once that's cleared, I hope to discover improved energy levels too.   He wrote me out a 3 month Rx for more 10 mg, and said once I am feeling better, by all means, go ahead and try a double dose once or twice, if it works, call him and he'll call in an order for a 20 mg pill instead. Proceeded with lengthy explanation of how two 10 mg pills aren't exactly the same as one 20 mg pill, and also said he thinks there is a dose that's in between those two, if 20 mg is too strong but I see no improvement in energy levels on the 10 mg.   He said that if I want to go see a neuropsychologist to get tested for an official diagnosis of ADHD, he would refer me. I said I wasn't sure I'd pass the test - I may not have ADHD but the Ritalin is definitely helping with fibro brain fog. He then said "I've known you a long time; I'm pretty confident you'd pass the test." ha!  Then he said he would continue prescribing it regardless; he only offered the referral in case I had, for example, family members who didn't understand, and needed some "proof." I told him my hubby and family is quite happy with how the Ritalin is working so I didn't think that was necessary.   Then he made me pee in a cup again and expressed concerns that the kidney infection may be resistant to the antibiotic I am on, because I should be feeling a lot better by now. :-(
34eb874f75224e8bcd99a7e2e5314a9b0ea7f7140d184989bc1b5283bf2e5370;;;An update - it wasn't ADHD;;;I joined on this subreddit over a year ago when my GP dx'ed me with adult ADHD and put me on Ritalin. Which did help. But I am nearly 50 and it just seems weird to suddenly get diagnosed, after all these years.   The update for you all -- my dermatologist recently ran some tests and turns out I have a B12 deficiency. Apparently, I'd been subclinical (i.e., borderline low but not low enough to set off red flags) for YEARS. When my GP last tested my B12, just a few months before he recommended the Ritalin, I was at 289. This was after several months of massive vitamin supplementation, per my own self treatment -- because I was suffering so much with cognitive deficits and all that.   I went on the Ritalin, it did work for awhile, but I developed other issues including shortness of breath, palpitations, tingling sensations (peripheral neuropathy), facial flushing and I forget everything else. Anyway, long story short, I went off the Ritalin thinking that was the problem, but it wasn't. So then GP sent me to dermatologist to investigate the facial flushing. Dermatologist has been seeing me for awhile, running copious tests. Turns out... my B12 is in the toilet.   I am now on B12 shots. Only two weeks in. It is helping already with the cognitive symptoms, but I'm still feeling lots of fatigue when the sun falls. The fatigue that the Ritalin never touched either.   Dermatologist thinks B12 just may be the cause of it all. Time will tell. Reason for B12 deficiency: long term (10+ years at 40 mg) Nexium use. I've tried to go off of it many times over the years, but I have Barrett's so it's unlikely I ever will be able to go off it.   TL;DR: Make sure you get your B12 checked before you go on Ritalin, especially if you have no history as a child or teen that would merit an ADHD diagnosis. If your levels are subclinical, try oral B12 supplementation. It can't hurt.
