367016d1a6d8f476e47aeeaf8c1bd38f6bd849822e58291c1f12b14b23e176d1;;;I'm not going to slip through the cracks this time.;;;Last year high school student taking college classes. I've consistently failed English classes, my pattern being turn in the first essay super early, and then flat out get overwhelmed and don't turn in any of the others.   I've only gotten this far because of a combination of professor error, pity, and my "apparent intelligence." Still have an F and a WF, along with a few poor grades in other classes. My grades have read like an alphabet for the past few semesters. A, B, C, D (or F.)    This summer, got diagnosed. ADHD-PI. It was so validating but my mind is wrapped up in so many irrationalities already. Low self esteem, low self trust. But I'm clever. Got an 33 on the SAT. (Or ACT, whichever one is out of 36. Dunno.)  I think I'm so far behind. I get stuck on that so many times. I don't think more than a month ahead because I'm scared to have aspirations.      But brief aside over. This semester, hardest I've ever hard, because I have 4 information classes that I need to memorize so much for.  My previous semesters have had 2 or so really easy A classes I could bullshit. These are all hard, effort classes. Other problems too. Medication needed adjustment 3 times (Adderall ♡), think I still need another after this semester.  Learning how to manage having a job. The big old 1-8 birthday. Figuring out how to organize (post its, index cards, clipboards and graph paper are the way to go). Still got myself stuck in a hole with schoolwork.    My grades are A, A, B, F. Two of those grades are threatened by big assignments I haven't turned in, and I have to make up the F. They're papers, again.  Along with those other small tasks that I failed to do every week.    But I did something different this semester. I got stuck in a hole midway through. It was a paper. I GOT MYSELF OUT. That never happened before. Before I just lapsed into a depressive slump and failed everything. I got overwhelmed. I gave up.   But now I want it. Now I can do it. Now I can fix it. I have a note card  on my desk.  Well two actually. One says "FOCUS" in big marker letters. The other says "ARPET FIXES EVERYTHING". Because I can fix this. And next time I won't have to fix it because I'll just do it.  I'll have my meds figured out, I'll stop having so many 0% days. And I love this feeling.     My problem before was that everything overwhelmed me. The future was a big ball of I don't know and I couldn't pull out a thread to start untangling.  So I just stopped trying.    But this is different.  I want it this time. No more apathy, no more resignedness.  I am not going to slip through the cracks this time.  I will catch up, I will prevail, and I can finally stop being so unreliable.   That's what I want. I want to be reliable. I want to be trustworthy. I want to trust myself. And I can. And I will. And I'll change. And I'll be.
