367ca148dfffc3e0fde89f05b50b8a8aa81609e029a8ac33bc30ce08f291d38b;;;No idea what to do. All sorts of confused.;;;So the last two days I have been to see my Psychiatrist and my Psychologist. At my last visit with the Psychiatrist, he put me on Adderall XR, "Because it has more oomf." This was coming off of my 40MG Ritalin LA that I said I didn't feel like was working. He gave me a 30 pill supply of 5mg and said to titrate it. So I did... 5mg for a week, then moved on to 10, then to 15, and finally 20 (before I ran out), but when I went to see him, he said that I should have titrated faster than that e.g. 5mg, 10, 15, 20, etc each day, which totally contradicts what I did when I started on the Ritalin, and it contradicts what is in the titration schedule (which says 7 days). Meanwhile, I had only started the 20mg on the day I went and saw him (stupid pre-auths), and he said, well, if you don't feel like the 15mg was working for you, then maybe we need to switch you to Vyvanse. I am like... ok... I haven't even been on this a month yet... So he prescribes another set of 5mg to continue the titration, but of course it is delayed because the system thinks I should have 11 more pills left....   This same doctor said that maybe my depression is caused by lack of motivation and if the Adderall works then I could go off the Zoloft... smh  Then today I visited my Psychologist for our weekly appointment, I told him everything that happened yesterday, and he said... "Well, I am starting to think you don't really have ADHD. Because the only thing that you have said that might point to it, is trouble reading." He said, "Well, you have a high intelligence, so maybe your boredom is caused by a lack of stimulation since you are bored with the topic and could be learning or doing something new. It is like.. wtf... I was tested using some dumb ass test that said I was ADHD-PI, and he was like, yea, but I don't like those tests, they can't really tell you anything. (Mind you I have been seeing him for the last 6 months or so.)  I said what about the medication... he said that the medication is going to work no matter who takes it. (Thus kids abusing Adderall in college.) He also said, you know, you are a bigger guy, so maybe your dose wasn't high enough yet (Which is contrary to what I see in the FAQ...).   TL;DR: So I am all sorts of confused. I thought I was doing thing right in regards to my medication and talk therapy, but now both are contradicting what I have heard and read. I am not a doctor by any means, but if anyone has any *recent* scholarly articles on the topics, I would be happy to read them so I can discuss them next week.   P.S. Sorry about the wall of text...
