36df90b610a445809cbef69d619aa5b05140afebb8574c9b62e7ad03a6e538f9;;;My life feels like a massive lie when I accepted I had ADHD.;;;Hello dear ADHD Subreddit people.  When I was younger I was diagnosed with ADHD, I was prescribed 40mgs of ritalin (from 1 dose to 3 doses daily before meals if memory serves me correctly). This was between the ages of 10-15, at which point I asked to stop taking the medication as I felt like there was no point too taking it. At that point, my grades toke a dive into the ground and my parents (for what ever reason) did not make the connection. Hell, I didnt even make the connection until writing this now.  I always realized that I may have ADHD and it was affecting me to some degree, I never really fully accepted that it was a bigger apart of my life until after college and until after me and my SO bought two amazing kittens. They brought so much needed focus to my life... something to play with and love that I was able to start thinking about myself a little more... then I discovered this subreddit.  Everything that is described by others in these forums fits my life exactly. It isnt until now I realize that EVERYTHING That makes me ME, every quarkiness, every little thing that I do... my randomness that people at work accept because its who I am... is all one big lie.  And why do I call it a lie? Because If I were to go on medication I feel as if everything I have been through all these years will disappear. I have worked REALLY HARD at maintaining myself through a multitude a methods WITHOUT medication... but it is only now I realize that I simply can not go further with my life without taking something.  You may call it fear... fear that I may change the very facet of how I am if I were to take medication... but to me I feel like I have defined myself SO MUCH on the basis of AHDH, I have to try to reinvent myself... I simply dont want to do that... maybe I fear that Ill become something I dont want to be... and its more likely that I am just over thinking it all.  I dont know what I am seeking with typing this out, but I always imagined that if I were to really have ADHD... that I had full out right control of it... and when it came a time when I tried forcing myself not to act out... when I forced myself not to be quarky or tried to just get up to do dishes only to have a massive pain in my brain...  gawd. I feel hopelessly not in control of myself. For the first time I feel as if I am not the captain of my ship. -_-
