36f13c21cc93e77919fdb60a235ed6ea70d6aa531cbf9adff747ace3e9715947;;;Been taking Adderall for ADD (or ADHD) for 2 months. No effect.;;;   Well recently I was diagnosed with ADD after I went to my doctor due to inability to focus or do anything that i'm not interested in for over 5 minutes. Random times where I stand or sit there staring into space thinking not even realizing i'm doing it till around 5 minutes have passed. The worst part is I keep getting unmotivated when attending school because I know i'm not going to hear 70% of it and I have to battle myself forcing my view on the board to listen only to end up staring at the board but thinking about something completely different that is irrelevant to what is being said and don't realize that i'm not listening till something calls me back into focus.   Ok now recently I've been seeing a Psychiatrist and I have reason to believe he thinks I'm just a junkie college kid who wants to get a prescribed a drug for recreational use. Now something about me, I hate weed because it impairs me and I hate the feeling of impairment. I hate alcohol because it messes with my judgement. I have my every day inability to focus because it impairs my ability to learn what I need to learn so that my 3,000 a semester doesn't go to waste. So he started me first on 5mg of Ritalin, at first I was scared because Ritalin was a infamous drug to me where it turned kids into zombies (My younger cousin had it a long time ago) so I was scared that it would just make me stand there unable to do function so I was hesitant to take it, but I took it as directed. Nothing happened so he moved me to a Anti Depressant / Bipolar medication. I said "I am not depressed or bipolar why would I take this" he insisted it will help my ADD. I was on it for almost 2 months and he kept pushing the dosage from 100, 200, 300, 400 till I said "Look it's not working" and he said "It will eventually work, we just keep going higher" I think he kept trying to push this thing because he didn't want me on stimulant medication. After I stood up to him and said "Look stop this isn't working I have 0 effects it isn't helping at all" he stopped and said "What do you want to take then?" Now I was hesitant to suggest a drug because it seemed like a trap where he was trying to get me to confess that I was only there for drugs but in reality he's the fucking doctor who's suppose to help me but I only feel like i'm there to maintain his income.      After some talking I started on 10mg of Adderall XR. I was taking Generic since my insurance does not cover brand name. I took that for 2 weeks 1 time a day and 0 effect. I spoke to him again he increased my dosage to 20mg of XR for 2 weeks. Nothing. after that I came back and he increased my dosage to 30 mg. Now at this point I was getting frustrated because he said "This is the highest dosage I can give" and I took them for 1 week and STILL no effect. After a bit I got frustrated and just took 2 of the 30mg Adderall pills (60mg) to see if there was any effect at all. Nothing. On 60 mg of Adderall XR I have 0 effect. None of the side effects are present either. No Euphoria, No jitters, No lack of sleep (I actually took a nap after 3 hours of taking the 60mg) and no loss of appetite. I tried 60 MG of adderall the next day and same thing no effect. Then 1 more time and nothing. After this I ran out so I just went without it for 4 days. The most recent visit to the doctor he was talking me and I didn't tell him about the 60 MG (That's what he would love to hear that I took more drugs than I was suppose to to get high when in reality I want results) and I said "Look I have 0 effect on it. Nothing changes at all, I have no increase in focus, no loss of appetite, no loss in sleep and he just snooty replied "It isn't for decrease in appetite it's for focus" at that point I just told him "I am aware of that i'm telling you this because the drug goes in and it has 0 effect at all. It does nothing good or bad i'm starting to think you have me on a Placebo or something"  which he just stood quiet and said "We're going to go up a little more and if it doesn't work we're going to try something else" At this point i'm starting to question his competence. Does he know how to treat ADD? I'm on 40mg adderall xr taking it as directed and nothing. Has this happened to anyone before? Maybe i'm being irrational?
