37130eea73c65cd9f569893f7579567a20490a726258d761d6ba223ad99ad5cc;;;How am I supposed to be successful at anything?;;;I'm sorry if this is a little venty but I have nowhere else to turn to and I'm struggling hard. I was home schooled the last 2 years of high school because I would never show up to class since I would never do my work and be too embarrassed to admit it to my teachers. About last year, I was diagnosed with ADHD which took me by a huge surprise considering how lethargic I am due to my preexisting Crohn's disease. But in retrospect, it makes sense. My doctor is not supportive of my treatment at all. She believes I'm faking it to abuse medication and so all the medicines I've tried have been things like concerta, ritalin and focalin. Since receiving treatment, my motivation to do school work has skyrocketed. I've become fascinated in chemistry and pharmacology, I have dreams of attending Berkeley and I desperately want to do well in school. I know I can do it. I know I have the intelligence. I'm just f**k awful at applying myself.  About 3 weeks ago I started college at a local community college, which I thought I could handle just fine. But the last 3 weeks have been nothing but hanging out with friends (I've also only recently started developing a social life since I would never show up to school before and didn't have any friends), homework, long, tiring classes and a painful lack of sleep. College has got me feeling like I need to take my medication more and more regularly just to succeed and this kills my appetite, gives me awful insomnia and makes me depressed as hell. Without sleep or a regular diet (I'm at about a meal a day at night now), I can't focus and can't do work. Still, I've attended all of my classes and I'm trying my very hardest. But even with all this effort; it's not enough. I try to keep on top of everything but I've been showing up to classes realizing I hadn't done homework or just forgot about it entirely until the day that it's due. It's week 3 and I'm already screwing up this bad. It feels like my future is slipping out from underneath me and no matter how hard I try it just keeps slipping. Just now, I was at school attempting to complete some work before my next class, when while looking at my Chemistry syllabus, I realized I had been consistently forgetting about due online work. I crashed from my meds, ran home and have been crying for the past hour. Before being diagnosed, I hadn't cried in at least 4 years. What do I do? Is there any way I can get my college to understand this and help me through it? I know I should file for disability or whatever, but I'm a freshman so that's taking quite awhile.  TL;DR: I'm trying my hardest in college and I'm still failing. How do I get through this?
