37a24cd46b974675826ec0b7c4ef2bad9c6e5ac491138b976dc34e24bbb4c589;;;Having trouble getting help, not sure what to do;;;I have been diagnosed twice with ADD. Once in Baltimore and again when I moved back home to central NY when I graduated college. It seems all the psychiatrists and doctors in my area "don't believe in stimulants." Instead, they tried to put me on Serotonin reuptake inhibitors because I mentioned I have social anxiety. Really not into those or interested in anything I can't choose to straight up stop taking on a dime.  When I have taken adderal I felt like a normal person, even losing my social anxiety. I don't feel like I'm high on something or in GO mode. In fact I feel much more calm and relaxed while on it. I feel like I can actually focus and get things done, I'm not overwhelmed by projects. I just want to be able to be a functioning person.   Doctors and psychiatrists often have over 6 months wait to be evaluated. I'm very frustrated. Does anyone have any advice? Similar frustrations? I'm tired of being treated like a drug seeker and I'm tired of unsuccessfully self medicating with ungodly amounts of coffee. I've tried to reduce my caffeine in the last year and it makes it even harder than before.   It feels unfair as I have many friends who have easy access to stimulants even though I have serious doubts that they need it and watch them abuse it while I sit here just wanting to function properly. I would never consider binging as I like to sleep. Their doctors are family doctors who are not accepting new patients as well.   All my life I have struggled where other people have no problems. I thought I was just a lazy daydreamer and would constantly curse my nature. I never considered ADHD because I am a calm person, and though I am always moving its contained and isolated to a single limb at a time and I'm not bouncing off the walls. When I finally realized what was wrong and that everyone's ADHD has different attributes it was my last semester of my senior year.  Now I'm just trying to get help to get by in life but doctors don't seem to trust me with medication.   If I didn't need it I absolutely would not want to be on it. I am an adult and I am responsible. I like having an appetite, it's hard enough for me to build muscle. I don't like things that mess with my sleep. It's the only thing that has been effective so far however, and so I'm looking for a doctor who might understand. Why is it such a terrible thing that I know what works for me and don't want to be on something that I will be physically dependent on?  Sorry for such a long post, I am venting and I feel better now. Thank you if you got through the whole thing!  TLDR: been diagnosed with ADHD, treated like a drug seeker and doctors are not willing to help me
