392cdbf7b75cbcfdc8576be5e8ec8112f50c37bdb83c0de7fb3b5f9180e78c3c;;;My story - looking for opinions on Strattera.;;;Background:  40 years old, diagnosed 4-5 years ago and put on Adderall and an anti-depressant (I forget which one).  Seemed to be working fairly well.  Went through a divorce, business problems and some other things and tossed my meds because I didn't want to "be on drugs to be normal".  Fast forward, lots of issues in the past 4 years.  Finally went to counseling again.  Doctor didn't want to give me Adderall due tot weight gain, no stimulants.  Put me on Prozac and Wellbutrin, after 2 months mood was great but motivation and focus were not improved.  Took me off Prozac and put me on Strattera with the Wellbutrin, that was 3 weeks ago.  After about a week I thought the Strattera was working well, I had a few excellent days - high motivation, excellent focus, really got a lot accomplished.  However it was affecting my sleep every night.  Took me an hour to fall asleep then woke up several times, getting maybe 4 hours sleep a night.  Now that I'm starting my 4th week of Strattera I don't feel the improved focus any longer, but I'm very tired from my sleep being messed up.  Not sure if the meds aren't working for me or I'm too fatigued or a bit of both.  Other things I've noticed.  I have a weird tingly scalp feeling sometimes, only lasts a second, not painful.  I'm irritable as all get out, not sure if from meds or lack of decent sleep.  I get cold / hot really easily and for no reason.  I'll turn my thermostat up to 80 and I'm cold.  However I'll have it down on 74 and I'm burning up.  I have a follow-up with my psychiatrist and my therapist next week but just wanted to see if anyone else had this experience and if they stuck with it and saw improvement or not.  Ideally I am trying to lose weight (succeeding so far, down 60 lbs) to get back on Adderall but I'd like to at least get some temporary relief until then.  **TL;DR** - Strattera doesn't seem to be working, wondering about the side effects and others experience with it.
