39d2bde6c4851db9885fd2f517519ff40c5d17b912f6efabe60dd4938df1c694;;;Any other Asian Americans with ADHD and family problems?;;;Hi guys! I'm a long time lurker and was diagnosed last fall with ADHD. I've always had a rocky relationship with my parents (Japanese father, Filipino mother) due to various cultural expectations that  I could never live up to. I was never good enough and they never ceased to let me know of that fact. I have always accepted I would never live up to their expectations and felt like a failure and a bad daughter. I was never skinny enough, never pretty enough, or never smart enough and was constantly told by my mother that the only thing I could have hope for was to find a husband that was wealthy. Even in high school, when I was 5"2 at around 100 lbs, it was never good enough.   As a child I was hyper active and had issues concentrating, so I've been considered a failure for awhile. My parents would yell and hit me to get me to study and pushed me into academic programs that were probably not suited for me (International Baccalaureate program and all AP courses.) I was isolated from my peers and was not allowed to do anything but study until I made acceptable grades, which is what helped me get into a good college on multiple scholarships. If I ever asked to take a more normal course load, they would not have it. Anything else was a failure. They've always been overbearing and controlling. Since then,  I've put on about 10-15 pounds through college (I am 22 now) and whenever I would go home she would remind me of this. I work out and lift weights, but she sees that as unfeminine and constantly harasses me. In college I was unable to perform to their levels of expectations as I had no idea how to react to what I now know is my ADHD symptoms. I lost my scholarships and my GPA tanked. I had no idea what was wrong with me because I would try so hard, but no matter what I would do I could not concentrate. I'd lie in my dorm room (and later apartments) knowing that I knew I was smart and capable and that they were wrong, but I would be weighed down with so much stress and anxiety I couldn't get my ass in gear to get my homework done. I would try everything, but nothing would help. It became a vicious self hating cycle for years. I felt like I was broken and my parents reminded me that I was a waste of space. I'd try so hard but it would all be hopeless. Every semester was new hope leading to a reminder of my failure.  I did poorly in college as a Computer Science/Japanese double major and underwent a massive depression that I'm still trying to pull out. Three of my family died over the course of four years (one of them was like my sister) and I've had no emotional support from my parents through any of it. I had a major head injury but was treated like a burden and was forced to navigate the health care system by myself.  All of this made my ADHD even more unmanageable.   Mental conditions like ADHD, severe depression, PTSD and severe anxiety (all of which I've had for years and was recently confirmed by a psych eval) are all seen as an excuse for my failure. It's more proof that I'm weak, an embarrassment, and the daughter that has shamed them. They do not speak of me to people to "save face" now to my understanding. I've cut them out of my life, expect for a brief period in which I attempted to show them the Youtube videos, my diagnosis, and had my therapist try to talk to them in an attempt to reconnect. I was mocked and told that I was making excuses "like a typical American" and I should "get over it."    Long story short, I decided (with the support of my wonderful boyfriend) to work towards being better and went back to cutting them out. He also had depression and ADHD and asked me to seek treatment and eventually get a psych eval. I am now on Adderal and feel much better and have a wonderful therapist. I almost bought into my parents views of me and their view on mental health and I am so grateful I met him. I could not have gotten to where I am today without him. I'm currently in a new major (Information Technology) with a concentration on computer security and a major GPA of 3.6. I'm going to graduate this Spring. I am one of the Webmasters at my college. While my overall GPA is low due to my past, I am studying towards a CompTIA security plus certification and have high hopes for a job! Everyday is a struggle still but a constant reminder of how far I've come.  Tldr; My parents see my conditions as an excuse for not living up to the high cultural expectation and their life vision of me. I cut them out of my life, and am now much healthier. Has anyone else had a similar background with Asian parents, ADHD, and the like? How did your experience play out?
