39f10a9a79eddfdd62acba2f800139bc0c9f1a512d10435b30d3d6af11d57b3b;;;Does anyone have advice they would like to share on having a SO with ADD/ADHD?;;;I'm so glad this subreddit exists! I need some advice. I don't have ADD, but my husband was recently diagnosed with it. We are both 22 and have been together for about 5 years, married for about 2 months. He was only officially diagnosed with ADD a few months before the wedding, and started taking prescriptions. We had always suspected he might have ADD or something related, but he has a somewhat overly-developed suspicion of over-drugging and refused to do anything about it for a very long time.  This took some tolls on our relationship, and on his personal happiness as well. He is an extremely cynical person to begin with, which the ADD seems to really heighten, and that combined with the sort of paralyzing apathy (I don't know the medical terms? Sorry for that) made us both sometimes extremely miserable. Luckily, he knows a psychiatrist who is very educated in ADD and recommended some practical literature that made sense to him.  The meds, once he got on them, helped a LOT, and were affordable through his parents' insurance. Unfortunately, we are now on his job's insurance, with a $1000 deductible, and ADD meds are a fucking racket. It will be tough for us to afford them, but we are hopefully moving towards wrangling our finances to pay for them (he believes they aren't necessary enough to pay for them).  Until then--hopefully soon, because they are pretty darned important around here. He is temporarily in a job he hates, in a middle-of-nowhere small town we are both tired of, for the year while I finish school. It's 12-hour night shifts, 4 days a week, which would be draining for anyone--it's pretty much work-and-sleep till the weekend, which he hates. I know the ADD exacerbates an already shitty situation, and it's taking its toll on us both.  So I'm just wondering, until we can start paying for meds, and even after, what are some tips for the care and maintenance of someone with ADD? We have talked before about how ADD affects him and his behavior, so I understand some basics. When he gets home I am going to ask him about the literature that he first read, because I should read it myself. I admit I get very easily frustrated by the apathy and (I think resulting) pessimism that seem to be the defining characteristics of his ADD.  Do redditors with ADD or their SO's have any basic advice for living with someone with ADD and making life more enjoyable for everybody? Thanks in advance.  EDIT: Oh my gosh, thank you everyone SO SO much for your input! This is all great advice. I am so glad I found this community...when I get home I'm going to subscribe my husband too, haha.
