3a93872ce17d4ba09fce2ae325ade27ed4f1a77b22b0fddff62cb25c40611520;;;Update to: I think starting grad school was a mistake. It's not getting better...;;;Original post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/5dz3ic/i_think_starting_grad_school_was_a_mistake/).  The good news: I spoke with several members of the faculty and administration, and we agreed to transfer me to the regular track. It's actually easier for my employer to accommodate me with the regular track schedule, and I have more options in what classes and how many to take. I also registered with my university's ODS. I'm requesting 15 minute breaks every hour during an exam.  The bad news: Going into my exam on Friday, I was riding a C+ in Biostatistics. I flunked the exam. Even after the curve, I got a 63. I wasn't able to get to many of the questions because of time. Apparently, the STATA output worksheet we were given had data on it for different questions than what I thought the professor had said right before the exam, so I spent a lot of time writing out calculations I didn't need to do. This meant that I missed a lot of details in other questions and made lots of stupid, careless mistakes. I studied a ton for this quiz, and made a cheat sheet that I thought was awesome. Unfortunately, it can only help so much if you *don't actually read the question*.  The ugly: I'm taking two classes. Right now, I have a C in Biostatistics and a C in Intro to Epi (why a C? I had a panic attack during the midterm and failed). I need a 3.0 GPA, or my employer will no longer pay for my classes, which means I'll drop out. The only way I can get a C+ in Epi is by getting a perfect score on the last homework and final. I can't get a B in Biostats *even if* I get a perfect score on the final. It's not looking good for me.  Silver linings: I don't need this degree. I already have a master's degree. I pursued this one because it teaches skills I'm very interested in and could make me very competitive. I didn't pay tuition. The money I've spent towards this program went into GRE tutoring, GRE testing, application fees, and tuition fees. I'm guessing around $2,000 total? Could be worse. Finally, I've been thinking about moving for a while, but the thing that has largely anchored me to my city is this program. If I'm not in it anymore, I'll be able to move sooner than I originally planned.  It just sucks when you work hard for something and fail. I need a hug.
