3a952d8232f2a3fc4a18803975b926be26fc18641459201e1edfac8b28de17a9;;;Living with my ADD/ADHD boyfriend is killing me.  ;;;I love him dearly, I wouldn't have stayed this long if I didn't think he was a truly wonderful human being.  But our relationship is killing me, literally.  When he first moved in with me, I understood that he had to move across the country, giving up his (part-time) job that he'd had for 3 years.  He lived with his ill father then, so I thought the part-time, no car, no home of his own was just the result of taking care of his dad - after all, I took care of a parent and understood the challenges (although I managed to also keep a job, a car and a house).  Fast foward five years and the longest he's managed to keep a part-time job is 7 months.  He's been fired from 5 jobs - after 2 days, 3 weeks, 2 months, 3 months, and 7 months.  At one point, he spent the better part of a year sitting at home smoking and playing video games, all while telling me he was working on his book.  Well, yes, he was working on a book (the same one he'd been working on for years), but I was struggling to go to school, work a job, and come home to take care of EVERYTHING - dishes, laundry, shopping, you name it.   We've talked and talked and talked and fought and fought and fought.  Each time I've been persuaded that things will get better, and they do, for a while.  But then something important gets overlooked, or I come home from a 17 hour day of work to find he's been on reddit all day, or the door was left open and the cat got out, or that the only thing accomplished in the last 17 hours was making a pile of dirty dishes, etc, and I lose it.  I'm physically and emotionally spent.  I'm working two jobs to keep a roof over our head, taking care of my mom, trying to fix up our house, and feel like I'm raising an adult child.  I have blinding chronic headaches, chest pain, back spasms, frequent colds, severe depression,  you name it.  I've pointed out that his self-medicating is not helping his ADD, but he doesn't believe it (because for him, it FEELS like it helps).  I ask a question and get no response and he wonders why it pisses me off?   Nobody like to be ignored.  I went from being sad and lonely to being angry and bitter.  The problem is, kicking him out won't actually fix things - it's not like he's just lazy and needs a kick in the butt.  He's ADD and needs help that he refuses to get.  I don't know what to do, but as I feel a migraine forming, I wonder how much longer I can survive this.  Anyone who's been the partner of an ADD/ADHD person have any advice they can offer?  I would like to work things out rather than end them... uPDATE 1: I just watched a link to the Russell Barkley video. It doesn't change how completely overwhelmed I am, but it does give me a bit of hope, namely because I can now see that my boyfriend is trying. He sucks at it, but he is trying in his own consistently inconsistent way (Like today I reminded him that it is frustrating when I'm talking to him and he's completely non-responsive, so he's made an effort all day to acknowledge that he's listening. He'll forget tomorrow, but that he tried today says something, right? ) So maybe there really is hope if we can find the right help...
