3b5a15fc164f4a37d981b8eabc2d76f5aa0141d3a076e6fc57980d8c251f0eba;;;ADHD-PI on 10mg Adderall IR 2/day. I think I need to up my dose but I'm afraid of tolerance/addiction problems.;;;A small backstory:  I am the oldest of 3.  My brothers were both diagnosed very early and put on medication.  I am also the only one to "legitimately" graduate high school (it's a long story) and the only one to go to college, and now graduate school.  One is a complete delinquent and the other tries but doesn't succeed the way I have.  For a very long time I blamed this on them using ADHD as an excuse for being bad kids.  I have since learned otherwise through my own experiences but it left a really foul taste in my mouth about prescriptions that makes me really worried about them.  I was diagnosed with ADHD-PI a few months ago after a lot of soul searching, testing, and discussion with counselors and started Adderall IR 10mg 2/day about a month ago.  For the first week or two everything seemed great.  Higher ability to focus when needed, higher ability to get work done, higher motivation and energy, my severe depression almost immediately cleared (though, honestly, that was mostly due to being crappy at my job so being able to do my job probably helped with that).  At my last meeting with my doctor she asked how I was feeling and I was pretty adamant that I didn't feel the need to up my dose and that I was trying to be very cautious.  But now things seem to be slowly slipping.  I am doing better than before but the concentration problems are starting to show.  Distraction in a chaotic environment (I spent 3 hours looking for a quiet place to read on a sunday because I couldn't even focus on the book in a starbucks or some place... ended up reading in my car).  Procrastination due to inability to realistically evaluate the time it takes to do things (I think something will be a breeze so I procrastinate only to find out it takes twice as long as I thought).  Motivation and energy don't come as readily.  Because my doctor said I should use this first prescription to experiment with dosage I tried a 20mg dose.  Obviously the effects were greater, no surprise there.  But how do I know if I actually need to up the dose or if I'm just trying to medicate away other behavioral issues (lazy, procrastination, etc...)?  I'm quite thoroughly afraid of becoming reliant on medication for things the medication is not supposed to be used for.  I'm a trained chemist, I've read the research (in fact it's the first thing I did) and I know I'm nowhere near a "high dose" but I think I need a more personal understanding of when to know enough is enough or how to manage tolerance issues.  I imagine this is a pretty common problem, so I wanted to know what you all think/do about this kind of issue?
