3d2ee8160597b75c170724de342dedc3e46bb22adb47a689f426058e2e2f24ea;;;New job with insurance, can finally get meds again!;;;I'm about to have health insurance for the first time in several years because of a new job, no, a new *career*. I really want to emphasize career, because I'm hoping this turns into a career. I ended up with a great company who cares more about its employees than any place I've ever worked. I didn't even think places like this actually existed. My previous jobs have almost all been retail, and the few office jobs I have had were really low-level things with no opportunities for advancement.  Being unmedicated for the last few years hasn't been so bad, mostly because I wasn’t being challenged to the point where my ADHD got in the way of my working life. My last permanent job involved me sitting at a desk in an empty office and doing maybe 2 hours of work every day (this company later went out of business). Before that, I worked as a cashier/barista, which is a great ADHD job, except when it isn't busy (because that's when you have to force yourself to find something to do).   But those days are over. I have to learn how to do a new job in a field I'm unfamiliar with, and I'm beginning to struggle again. Of course, the people training me say things like, "I'd rather you ask me how to do something 20 times than tell me nothing and end up making mistakes," but of course nobody really likes being asked how to do the same thing 20 times. Last week I needed help doing something but the coworker who could help me was in the middle of something really important, and she looked visibly frustrated when I came over to ask her for help. She apologized for being unable to help at the time (she--like all my coworkers--is actually really nice), but I felt so lost. I tried to tell myself it was nothing personal, but I won't lie, I felt a little rejected. Mostly, I was just paralyzed with anxiety, thinking “What am I supposed to do now?”  I think what I’m *supposed to do now* is get back on medication. It’s not just because I’m afraid I won’t do well at work. It’s also because I really want to be someone my coworkers feel they can depend on. If this job works out, I might even go back to school and finish my bachelor’s degree so I can move higher up. This job represents an opportunity I’ve never had before: unlike my time in retail where shift leads would always treat their employees like children who need to be micromanaged, I’m given an incredible amount of autonomy and discretion to get my work done however works best for me. They actually *treat me like an adult*, and I want to live up to—and exceed—their expectations. To do that, I really need to have a fully functioning brain.  And of course, it’s not just because I want to be a great employee. I also miss being able to read through books without getting distracted every 15 seconds. I’m about half way through four books right now (not including the various computer programming books I’m in various stages of). I also love to write, and I often have trouble keeping my writing focused. I’m sure this very post could have been better organized and written.  My insurance kicks in on the first of next month. A friend has given me the name and number of a nurse practitioner who is an ADHD specialist practicing in my town. I don’t think there will be any issues “proving” my ADHD (I have a medical history to back up the diagnosis).   **TL;DR: I'm going back on meds after a long absence, and I'm excited and wanted to tell someone.**
