3da5146d67b3cc7e3e58be9c1b8f07cf38dd8cc23de92973cb11c9295794f402;;;Crippling Anxiety;;;I've only been diagnosed this past summer, so my road to recovery and treatment, as well as hopefully overcoming most of what i struggle with day-to-day is in the early works.  At first, I believed that all my problems stemmed from my inability to focus, aka lack of attention. I was so sure with my psychiatrists that I had an influence on what types of medications I wanted, because I made sure I received it. Vyvanse, Concerta, Adderal, Ritalin, Focalin, you name it. I've been through all the stimulants out there, and did it help my focus? Yes, it did. But did it help my ability to function, no.  It took several days until the racing thoughts went faster and faster until It became too much for me to handle. I went off all the medications and lived sober for a good 4-5 months, and now I'm back.   Back with a better idea of what I need, and a clearer picture of who I am. I ended a relationship with someone who I thought was the love of my life about a week ago. It was the toughest decision I've ever had to make, but It was for the better, and It saved inevitable hurt waiting in the future.   That left me with myself and although I've been depressed and not at peace, I've begun to realize how much I've yet to improve on in regards to treating and controlling my symptoms.    I am an anxious mess. I overthink things to the extent that it prevents me from having decent conversation with people, and really just having a clear train of thought. Rumination is my best friend unfortunately, and the social anxiety gets pretty bad.    I can control it some days and sometimes but It gets awkward, and I get awkward, and I know I am getting awkward, then I start thinking about my actions and how people perceive it, and then...well, you get the idea.   I'm meeting a new psychiatrist who I want to work with to come up with a new plan to treat my ADHD which may be driven by a lot of anxiety. Tomorrow's when they call back. I'm feeling hopeful.   In terms of medication, I'm wondering if Intuiv or Strattera is worth trying given my situation. I hope something works, because I can't take this anymore. It's just too much for me to handle sometimes.    TL;Dr- Anyone else's anxiety pretty bad?
