3eac5e12972a95ddb51d0812efb7c61138e2f74b14d2905d442eb92333885821;;;I'm terrified that I'm actually fine and I'm just lazy and a general failure in life.;;;So, I'm a 23 year old female living in England if that makes any difference.  I've always been a bit spacey and  a daydreamer, I forget what people have said in the middle of instructions or conversations. I'll be reading books and find I'm almost finished with a page but I haven't actually taken a word in.  Through primary and early secondary school I did well academically but then as soon as the work got to the point where I didn't just 'know it', I started struggling. I can't study to save my life, it's just like staring at the page but nothing actually enters my head.  I dropped out of sixth form because I was struggling and failing nearly all of my classes, I enjoyed them and knew the materials but I could never organise myself enough to do any decent coursework and I just fell apart in all my exams.  It didn't get any better when I started working either, even though they'd teach me things several times I could never get it to stick in my mind so I'd constantly be making mistakes or losing track of what I needed to do and when, so far I've been fired from two jobs for being unable to complete my work adequately.  Which brings us up to now, a friend who has ADHD mentioned that I seemed to fit a lot of symptoms, I dismissed them at first as, like many, I've always assumed ADHD meant little kids running around everywhere and getting into trouble and that wasn't me. I've also been diagnosed with anxiety and depression, the depression fairly well managed but the anxiety less so.  So now I'm thinking it's possible that I could have inattentive ADHD but I'm so scared to go to my doctor and ask for a referral in case they say that I'm actually fine and I'm just lazy. Has this happened to anyone before and if so what did you do? Any tips for working myself up to this?   It just feels like there might finally be an explanation for why I don't seem to be able to do anything with my life but the thought of it just being me being just plain sucky scares me so much.  TLDR: Think I could have ADHD but worried it's just laziness. Please help.
