3ece23596b9b838399129e46cc91cd374151f27ecb1232e5a2506576c3cd0951;;;Getting lost in the blizzard.;;;I was officially diagnosed with adhd when I was in grade 5. Twelve years old. I had symptoms of the onset of what.could of been borderline personality disorder, schizofrenia, or bipolar. Besides the effects of FAS, premature birth, and my moms diy abortion cocktail.. and being raised in a dysfunctionalfamily..lets just say it was hard to diagnose me. With all that in consideration, I was bright and friendly as a xhild but I was a slow learner. Had troubles grasping numbers and reading and writing. Id get so fristrated id throw these giant fits, the school would have to call my grandma to come get me or calm me down...i was an angry kid. If someone made fun of my speech impediment id attack them. So about my outbreaks and disruptive behavior in class had to be.dealt with so they put my on ritalin. It staeted tohelp straighten me out and we played with the dosage but through middle school I was on 15 mgs a day sr..then upped it to 40fr. By highsxhool they were still shuffling my meds to deal with my fits of anger or frustration and depression. weekly psych and counsellor appts to help me sort out underlying issues.. Id started snorting my ritallin..at the worst I emptied a months worth in about a week and a half..started to get uncontrollable tremors and then full,on hallucinations.had a breakdown that put me in the hospital..all this time these memories. Just a blur. Years later still failing as an adult. Everything anything all those nice people told me is just.. Gone. Ghosts..been without meds or treatmemt for the last seven years. Im tryimg now to see a.doctor but the.damage man. The insanity my life haa been since my grandmother died and I moved out.. Listen. Even right now I snorted a couple pills I got from a friend.. They seem to work better nasally I,likr it more. But Ive been up this road before haha I know im addixted to abusing ritalin. my brain becomes..into focus. But quiet. Everything is managable. But trying to focus on one taak at a time is still just impossible. But..,i dont know im not lookimg for karma or sympathy or answers..and I dont think any one in this /r can judge me. But this is whats on my mind tonight. Im a static antisocial clusterfuck wanting to get baxk on track.
