3f1eb33ddaeea1fb10e6265acce30afd3a5824d2cefcfbb4b2f560b59b7dc8dd;;;Trouble sleeping and ADHD?;;;Since high school (I'm going into senior year of college) I've had a lot of trouble falling asleep at night as well as waking up in the morning. I have to set multiple alarms and often sleep through all of them. This hasn't been a huge problem for me in college because I'm usually able to schedule classes later in the day, and if I do miss a class, attendance often isn't mandatory and I attend a later lecture.   I have a really hard time relaxing at night, often getting to bed as late as 2 or 3 A.M. (either because I keep getting distracted by minor things or because I simply can't fall asleep). When I do manage to fall asleep I am a very heavy sleeper. I sleep through the night without interruption (bad weather, noises outside, rarely wake me). I have vivid, and sometimes intense, dreams nearly every night which indicates to me that I'm undergoing some REM sleep, but I often wake up feeling un-rested (even when I get 10+ hours of sleep). I'm very sluggish in the morning. It takes me a long time to wake up fully. Sometimes I fall back to sleep and have to wake back up multiple times, and when I do I often can't remember turning off my alarm/the first time I woke up.   For a few years I hoped this would just go away as I got older and required fewer hours of sleep, but this doesn't seem to be the case.   It's a pretty embarrassing problem. Sometimes when I'm home for the summer my mother has to wake me up for work after I've slept through my alarms (though this is a somewhat rare occurrence it's pretty troubling to me). I'm a 21 for fuck's sake. I'm frustrated and ashamed that my mother has to wake me up for work, and I'm increasingly terrified that when I have a career and I live on my own, I'll do alright for a few months, then sleep really late and get myself fired.   I was diagnosed with adult ADHD 2 months ago and have been on 40mg (20mg twice daily) Adderall IR, but this doesn't seem to be affecting my sleep patterns in any way.   Does anyone else have a similar problem? If so how did/do you deal with it?  **TL;DR I have a the worst of both worlds with sleep. I have a hard time falling asleep at night and an even harder time waking up in the morning. I sleep like a corpse and occasionally sleep through obligations. Wondering if anyone else has similar problems, or if this is even related to ADHD**
