3f3a7623ca46af215df12aec63594d41b1c1aade1cd9863ed9445a6cc60725fc;;;I'm okay now but everyone else around me isn't. (Basically, how do you deal with over sympathising with people who you know are going through what you've been through);;;I'm in my second year of university. I went through the ringer last year (getting here, not being able to grasp the work as quickly as I used to, no discipline then depression came along because of my constant failings no matter what I did)  but then I got help, I went to a psychiatrist, got diagnosed and on medication. I started meditating, making friends, going to lectures and working again.  I still have issues hyper focus when studying/writing tests so I miss out on important details and under perform and I have developed huge avoidance issues as coping mechanism of what happened last year (Currently not doing my huge computer science assignment that is due on Tuesday).  But I'm fine, my medication isn't a miracle drug and does have downsides but I force myself to get out of bed and go about having a day, even if I don't get work done, I force myself to do something (non-zero days but not really).  BUT the thing is, it seems that all my friends have suddenly started acting the same way I did before I got diagnosed. (I know they don't all have ADHD) and they all love coming to me about it because I'm understanding and give good advice because i've been through shit and I'm still the funny, happy one. It's extremely touching to know that i'm the person they think of when they're feeling down but fuck it's a lot of weight to carry.  No-one has specifically told me anything but I know where it's going. It's hard to know the dark places they're going to end up even though you try and stop it (I spend hours hanging out with them and pep talking them).  I want to help them and be a good friend (Also largely because I wish I had that) but I can tell, I can fucking tell that being around that much negativity is going to undo all the work I've done to better myself since last year.  Also, now i'm scared to tell my friends I have ADHD because I'm scared they immediately jump to that.  **TL;DR:** Friends are going through shit I went through, I want and try to help *a lot* but I can tell it's going to negatively impact me. Where's the balance between being a good friend to them and being a good friend to myself?
