3f8b171a53c1ca5da27eeae4514d265b76235b30bfc92d4cc2a6796e72263026;;;ADHD and cyclothymia?;;;Hey, this is something that made me think about... my mood a lot. Lately, my mood has been more, uh, like a rollercoaster than usual. It's pretty much always up and down, every single day is different and some weeks I feel so fucking great, and some weeks I'm an absolute mess and I can't even get out of bed in the morning, so this is giving me a lot of trouble in school. Obviously.  I was diagnosed with ADHD in June and now I take Ritalin and I feel so much better, my appetite is pretty bad and I'm still not used to being "normal" or "relaxed", whatever you wanna call it, so I feel tired a lot.    For as long as I can remember I get mood swings a lot, my mood can go from feeling so fucking great to wanting to smash everything I can grab in seconds. I've smashed up a bunch of things because of this and I can't really control it either because I "black-out" and after that I can't really do anything.   But my mood also changes every single day, well, more or less. At least 2 times a week. It's really weird though, because one day I can feel like I'm unstoppable and my low self-esteem just magically disappears. It's not like I can't control it though. It lasts for a couple of days, and after that it feels like some kind of crash. I always get really, really sad. When I get sad I don't really get sad or whatever, I feel angry constantly. That's how I express those emotions I guess. But I feel like complete shit those particular days, and then my mood either goes back to "normal" or to feeling amazing again. But for the past few months it's been more... Intense than what is used to feel like, and nothing has been fucking with my mood lately so I'm not sure what's causing this.   So, I tried to find some info onn this and I found that a lot of people with ADHD also has some kind of bipolar disorder, and that really made me think because my mom is was diagnosed with bipolar disorder (first type 2, now type 1) 6 years ago and before that, borderline personality disorder.  From what I can understand, cyclothymia is the "milder" version, and instead of weeks, we're talking about days. Also, hypomania instead of "regular" mania, or whatever. But I'm honestly afraid to bring this up because mom got REALLY happy when she found out that I only have ADHD and nothing more serious.    I asked her if she knew what could've caused my extreme mood swings but she just said it's something that happens when you have ADHD, but I'm not sure. I also don't know if I should bring this up to my doctor yet, since this is somewhat new.    I don't even know what I'm trying to say hahaha   TL;DR: Worth checking if I have cyclothymia because of the somewhat recent extreme mood swings I've been experiencing? Talking 6-7 months, more intense than before. My mother has bipolar disorder type 1 so it runs in the family, which is why I'm asking.
