40125e2633193877d77e781e5b3b4001c0045eb4b79638447a7f2fed281dd871;;;Any experiences in muddling thoughts and missing finer details?;;;A bit of a background.  I'm currently a post-grad student who although has never had much difficulty with academics is struggling at the moment. I found that I breezed through my undergrad which brings me to the point where I am today.  I've been really struggling this year and it's not so much because of the content, I don't really find what I am doing abstract or difficult to grasp. I'm struggling a lot with my memory especially under high anxiety situations, for example, today I had a clinical viva exam and up until today I felt fairly confident in my ability to pass, however, when I got into my exam room (it was a face to face exam) everything disappeared from my mind, I missed crucial, simple and important details and I am pretty sure I have failed this exam, it's the first I have failed and because I've been struggling with my memory for the last semester it has really disappointed me.  I've also been struggling to get my words out effectively and in a logical sequence, I'm generally an extremely introverted person, I don't socialise much and I don't go out of my way to get to know people. I'm starting to think this lack of social outlet is beginning to take it's toll on me in that I know how to think, but I don't know how to talk (if that makes sense). I've been hurt a lot, so I generally don't really let people in all that often.  A few years ago I was diagnosed with adult ADHD (I'm 29) and never really took to the meds. I decided to self-manage my symptoms which worked for a time. Now I am finding that my ADHD is really starting to impact every area of my life, my memory, missing important details (my degree is in audiology, so now that I'm pretty sure I have failed my exam, I've lost a lot of confidence in my ability to effectively treat patients), my thoughts have become muddled and even more so when I need to talk. When I talk it sometimes feels like my brain goes blank and I lose all meaning of the words that I'm saying to the point I forget what I'm saying or I don't know what I'm saying. I'm also having difficulty keeping my mind focused on the important aspects of what needs to be done, for example, thinking about the time instead of making a correct diagnosis and incorrect long term patient care.  I realise I have to go back to a psychiatrist and try medication, I'm so worried I'm going to fuck all of this up and I really don't want to fail, right now I'm not meeting my potential.  Can anybody relate to any of the symptoms I have described?? For example, the muddled thoughts and the problems with thinking while communicating?? Or issues missing simple, yet crucial details in work they are doing?? Or anybody who has struggled academically, not because the content was difficult but because the issues with memory, anxiety, focus problems prevented you from completing work effectively and correctly??  What did you guys do about it?? Thanks in advance
