40c9d90d945a049c0b9a50053a407a51f3dae563f1031aabcb6be9a24edf67fc;;;7 year old with severe inattentive ADHD;;;She is about to be 7 in two weeks, and she's in first grade. We change schools for better Services, she also is on the autism spectrum. Our school now has to play catch-up because they refused to give her services at her old school for kindergarten. But she's in speech, and we are starting OT. We are also implementing visuals, visual schedules, starting with one step directions and going to work our way up from there. She has taken private occupational therapy for a year now and we're going to continue that as well as 30 minutes to an hour a week at school...  We have implemented visual schedules at home. And making her complete tasks that are appropriate for her more often.  We are going to do this for a while. But I do think that we need to get an official diagnosis and maybe within the next 6 months to a year talk about medication. She has fallen behind functionally and school. And has a really hard time even with just one step instructions. She can't focus on a single letter, word, or sentence. If you tell her to pick up her shoe off the floor that's right next to her but she can't find it. And even with one-on-one assistance at school she can't keep her focus on her paper long enough to figure out where to start. She's very inattentive.  No my husband was diagnosed with hyper-focus ADHD as a child. He was treated very badly and he couldn't get himself out of special ed in rural Georgia. So even in the eighties growing up it was pretty bad out here. So he is very anti medication. But he's coming around. A little...  I have been diagnosed with ADHD as an adult but on the inattentive side. Siam working up, and saving for the official diagnosis and medication for myself. Although I do have to say the visual schedule for my children is helping me a lot too.  Is there anything else I could be doing to help her pay attention and focus without getting her too overwhelmed. And what are your opinions and experiences with medication for children around the age group seven or eight?
