42349aa7a5a1f5ce0468e0b51c3f5a97f932d20ba00577b912aef307d3c21cec;;;I feel like no matter how hard I try, I will always be a failure... is there really hope having ADHD?;;;Hi, I'm a soon-to-be junior in high school that was diagnosed with ADHD, depression, borderline autism, Anxiety, and they're thinking I may have bipolar disorder.  Honestly?  I feel like nothing goes for me.    My parents are two very successful people in the business and financing industry and I greatly look up to them for their success.  I was always regarded as very intelligent-- in 7th grade, we had to write a short story in my life science class and I got sent to the office because apparently my literature skills were so advanced that I wrote better than some of the middle school's teachers.  Weird.  I've entered my literature into writing contests but have never won one, unfortunately.  I am also an artist and I strive to be an animator when I grow up, a dream of mine I've had since I was 9 years old-- and I've been animating since that very age.   However, despite all of these feats I feel like a complete utter wreck.  My parents have always thought of me as more immature than people my age and we've recently discovered it's due to ADHD-- finally, an answer for my scatterbrained tendencies, my flakiness, my short attention span, and my general laziness and lust for stimulation.    However, at the same, time I feel like it's my down fall.  I feel like no matter how hard I try, I am never good enough.  When I was 11 I was molested, and it caused me to have psychological trauma to my mind in the form of sexual promiscuity-- specifically towards older men. (My boyfriend is my oldest relatinship so far which is a year and a half).  I barely passed all of my classes up until now-- where I passed all of my classes Sophomore year with straight C's.  Honestly?  I look at my peers and I get deeply depressed.  They manage to get straight A's with little effort, while I spend days, cramming for tests just to barely pass them.  I feel like a world like this isn't suitable for me, I feel like this type of society isn't right for me.  Everything is so structured, while I just want to be a free spirit.  It's completely unfair.  I've been self-harming since 7th grade, and during Middle school the school psychologist tried to put me into special ed classes and I was also diagnosed with an "unknown learning disability"-- which is a blow to my self esteem.    My dad isn't that much helpful himself; he doesn't really believe in mental illness much, and he doesn't really think triggers really exist and simply regards my panic attacks as temper tantrums.     TL;DR:  Junior in highschool with ADHD, along with other mental illnesses, taken advantage of when I was 11 which fucked me over mentally when it comes to sexuality and sex.  Peers get better grades than me without trying while I barely pass my classes.  I feel hopeless and feel like I'll never achieve in life and thinking about committing suicide.
