42a6b031be4e1415039d4d1e11d8d7fb38aeddb05fceb62590bdfb8843e70921;;;So I have a couple of questions for those of you not taking medication.;;;I was diagnosed by my doctor with ADHD right before the Summer of 2011, in my Sophmore year of highschool. I am now finishing my Junior year this following week.   Once I was diagnosed, my doctor put me on some medication (I forget which), and so I took it over the summer and a little bit into the beginning of my Junior year. To say the least, I absolutely hated it. I became a mindless zombie, I couldn't think at all. I was so used to have so many thoughts running through my mind at blazing fast speeds, and then suddenly nothing.   When I looked at an object, I didn't go off on weird mind tangents ending with something completely unrelated. Nothing happened when I observed said object. I was completely unmotivated to move or eat, and ended up losing about 14 pounds becoming about 120 pounds, looking like a zombie. The time I was taking it during school, my grades were horrendus.   So because my grades were never terrible to begin with, I stopped taking it. Since then I have gotten back on my normal physical activity schedule, and am now at a good 135-138 pounds. My grades are exactly where I want them (straight A's, except for a B in Spanish, but that's just because I can't deal with two languages in my head.) and I just did my SAT with a score of 1800 (A lot higher than I was expecting, with a goal of 1700).   So basically my question is, are there other ADHD people who don't take meds, but still function perfectly fine? I almost feel better with my ADHD than without it. Sometimes it does get pretty extreme and I can't focus, but most of the time I can harness it and multi-task relatively well. As for excess energy, I usually try to workout more to release it, but of course I still move around in my chair A LOT. I also fiddle with random objects when sitting down.  I just want to hear other people's stories, and if anybody else has terrible experiences with medication. Also, does anybody else feel like their ADHD is a gift, rather than a curse? I don't think I would be as interested in the many things I am interested in, if it weren't for ADHD. I also feel like I can harness my energy and multitude of random ideas into doing great things. I am happy with ADHD, and it results in me never being bored, because just sitting there and seeing where my mind takes me is always an adventure.   Sorry for the long post, but it's something I've always wanted to ask other people with ADHD. I don't know anybody else with it, and I just found this subreddit so I thought I'd ask.  tl;dr Has anybody else had horrible experiences with medication? Do some of you feel as if ADHD is a gift, instead of a curse?
