44d2c1b25004bbbc89c9a6d8afd7a853c2a53a692dd51d92d1d3ed7accb5d94a;;;What is your experience as a girl who is hyperactive?;;;I know I have been vulnerable to bullying since at least middle school--"Go away, you talk too much," "frenetic," "twitchy like a squirrel..."  All phrases that have been used to describe me.  I ran across a study that found those with ADHD/ADD were, on average, 3x's more likely to commit suicide than those without it... but for girls who are hyperactive, it's 9x's more likely.  I'm 25 and I always feel like I have normal amounts of energy, but people comment still on my energy level. I started exercising more, it took me an hour of low-intensity strength training and walking 6 - 7 miles to even feel mildly tired...  Yesterday my friend introduced me to a girl who has ADHD and is obviously hyperactive, and I was like "damn at least I'm not as bad as this chick, she is all over the place."  Later my friend and I were talking and she was all "yeah I think you two are comparable... actually maybe you're a tiny bit worse."  (She didn't use the word "worse" but still, that's how my poor bullied brain interprets it.)  Gaaaaaah I feel like I will just always be looked at sideways as weird or "taking up too much space," or else working so hard to control myself that I stop having any fun at all. I *like* to talk. I am not a good listener. When I am allowed to talk as much as I like, which is not very often, I feel amazing afterwards... but nobody is really willing to put up with that all the time. Of course not. I certainly don't like to spend time with people who talk too much!!  I have been feeling much better about myself since I got diagnosed and have realized I am not just a raging crazy person, but this is one area I'm still pretty insecure. It's really hard not to feel like you must be selfish and/or unsupportive when you have to struggle so hard to listen to people and would so much rather be talking. I lost the most important relationship of my life because of this problem. At the time I didn't know I had ADHD, so things might have been different if I could have explained, but I also find that explaining doesn't seem to help most people--they just don't get it.  Tips? Advice? Commiseration? Have you found a way to navigate social situations successfully, outlets for your hyperactivity, or places where you really feel free to let your freak flag fly without fear of backlash?
