45b3b8d72a14d38de316cf0224163286c441f91c515ee9588610eff9601152d2;;;Executive Function Disorder - Coping Methods?;;;This submission isn't strictly about ADHD but please bear with me, this is the closest subreddit I could find.  More than a decade ago when I was a junior in high school I was tested for learning disabilities at my own request. I knew something wasn't quite right, thinking it might be ADHD. To my parents surprise (and my dismay) the evaluators came back with a diagnosis: "Some kind of Executive Function Disorder." They didn't have too much information for me on what it was and what causes it. Just that I would qualify for special considerations during exams and get extra study periods.   Fast forward to present day; I have been adequately coping thus far in life, I have a college degree, a good job and a family but every day I find myself reminded of this problem. Examples include:  * The inability to add simple numbers confidently without counting them out in my head (e.g. adding a $13 tip to a $53 meal) * Difficulty recalling adjacent letters in the alphabet (e.g. I couldn't tell you what comes before or after h without singing the damn alphabet song in my head) * Difficulty remembering and keeping schedules (thank goodness for smart phones) * The near complete inability to read music and play the correct sequences of notes. I tried learning the piano for several years when I was younger, it led to indescribable frustration as I watched my peers leave me in the dust. * I often leave letters off the end of words and sometimes add them to the next word (e.g. the boy bough the basketball) * I cannot remember sequences of letters and numbers more than a few characters long. Recalling even short sequences usually results in transposed characters.  These things usually range from mildly annoying to embarrassing. It doesn't often affect my work or personal life in a serious way but there are times when I make a fool of myself with simple mistakes. It gets much worse under stressful or time critical situations. I read that many with ADHD have symptoms of executive function disorder which is why I came here. I haven't knowingly met anyone else with the same problem. Even my wife doesn't really understand my day to day struggle (however minor it may be), nor do I really want to draw attention to it. Unfortunately it would seem there isn't a drug I can take that will help. Focusing usually isn't a problem, the way my brain processes sequences of things is. I know I'm a pretty smart person but I constantly feel like I'm being held back.  EFD sufferers, what are your coping methods? Is there anything you do or take that makes it better?
