45b8e72b46ed5d4935f087f5e1f4f9c9530bb354c1253f0bf77273c339dc183f;;;Hitting a wall in my first year of grad school and concerned I may have ADHD;;;I'm writing because I'm hoping maybe my story might resonate with people on this board.  Up until this year, the idea I might have ADHD never crossed my mind...  I'm a 26 year old woman in the US.  This year I started graduate school in a very competitive MA/PhD program in the humanities after 3 years away from school (I finished college in 2012).  I've been going to a therapist for probably 5 years and have been on SSRIs for anxiety and depression for probably the same amount of time. I've never felt that they completely worked and with the beginning of my program, I've gone back to a psychiatrist to get the medications adjusted because I'm really floundering.  I'm finding it absolutely impossible to get through my massive reading load.  A 30-40 page article will take me hours to get through because I get so distracted with god-knows-what thoughts.  My readings in foreign languages take even longer because any distraction means I couldn't understand anything I just read.  I can't skim (I've tried) because if I do this, I can't retain any of the information from the article, apart from the biggest, most general ideas. This is a problem for contributing to class discussions because I constantly feel stupid, underprepared, and like I can't get anything right anymore.  Most of the readings are in topics I find uninteresting (the classes this semester were more general studies and I'm interested in a specific subset of my field that my coursework last semester didn't cover). This subject is something that I used to love (for the last decade or so of my life it has almost been my identity) and I'm starting to get really depressed and feel worthless that I can't get this stuff done.  I try hard to schedule my time and ensure I'm studying at my desk, but that does not help productivity.  Often I get restless and have to get up from my desk just to keep my thoughts from getting so overwhelming that I can mildly concentrate.  At first I just thought this was a combination of anxiety and impostor syndrome as well as adjusting tograd school, but a psychologist at my student health center asked if I wanted an ADHD screening as part of my intake.  I said no at the time, having a misunderstanding of what ADHD is, especially inattentive type and especially in adults/women.  I thought that there was no way I had it.  I did very well in school as a kid and in college.  But I started reading about it out of curiosity (you can always get me interested in psych articles) and I was shocked at how many of the symptoms seem to fit me.  In college I had many of the same problems with focusing on reading, but since the load was lighter, I always managed to get through it, even though it took me hours longer than I always felt it should.  Writing has always been crippling -- when I finally focus and get into it, I produce really amazing work, but I struggle with really bad procrastination and this has caused a lot of problems with larger scale writing projects.  In college this caused me to miss a lot of deadlines. I was blessed with understanding professors, who must have realized I was working hard and gave me extensions, so I kept my grades up, but I always sort fo felt like I was "getting by" in college and not living up to my potential like many of my overachiever classmates.  The thought of getting involved with clubs/leadership in school was out of the question: if I did this, there is no way I would have time or mental energy to get through my readings, as they took so long.   After college I got an administrative job at a law firm and quickly struggled.  I've taken pride in being a good employee and in internships with big picture/creative tasks, I always managed to keep myself focused enough to do a good job and get praise.  However in this job, the work was so tedious that I just could not focus and I think my supervisors found me lazy... I would get in trouble for not noticing typos and other executive mistakes, even though I would proofread my work 3+ times.    In other parts of my life, I get really restless when forced to stay in one place for a long time (unlike many of my other introverted friends, I can't deal with "days in", I get bored and depressed), I've always been a big daydreamer, and close friends note that I have a tendency to "zone out" when I'm trying to listen to them.  I've also had a tendency since childhood to interject in conversations with random segues that make sense in my brain (my train of thought got me there somehow), but have no context in the conversation.  I had trouble sitting down and focusing on my homework since childhood, but I think as a "gifted" kid, I was able to overcompensate by getting it right when I finally did it.  I always felt guilty that I wasn't as focused as my peers.    Anyway, I have finally decided to get texted after talking to my former therapist (we were doing a wrap up session at home, since I'm trying to transition to someone permanent at school) and she quietly suggested I get tested, as one of her adult clients recently got diagnosed at age 40.  I swas shocked she suggested it.  When doing the reading I thought I might have it but was worried due to my academic success in the past and was afraid people would accuse me of medication seeking and/or being a hypochondriac.  I'm going to seek a screening when I get back to school, but part of me is terrified they will laugh in my face or results will be inconclusive and I'll be back to square one.  My current medication is not working and managing school/life in general just feels hopeless to me right now. Just wondered if anyone had advice or similar experiences.  TLDR: I'm a 26 year old female PhD student and hitting a wall after all my coping mechanisms/habits have failed me. Wondering if I may have ADHD and looking to see if any folks heare had similar experiences
