47553c735f5ff4b64b91654c26d6c95e1f5317aa80844c60370649be8cc58bf2;;;adderall adderall adderall Qs;;;hello /r/ADHD.   I have a few questions regarding adderall. I am 24 years old &amp; female. I have been prescribed adderall 60mg IR for a year &amp; a half now. I know that's a lot but I actually only take up to 30mg daily. that's my limit. as you all know, it works wonders for focus &amp; concentration. my job requires me to pay attention to close details &amp; remember deadlines. if I don't I'm screwed. adderall had helped tremendously for this.   however I have noticed some issues that I'm concerned about:  1. does adderall cause any deficiencies and what vitamins should I take?   I have always been pale but I noticed my skin is now almost pasty-like. is this possibly because of adderall? I also eat complete shit. junk food. or not at all. I'm pretty skinny but at a healthy weight whereas last winter I looked like a zombie skeleton. ew. I'm worried of the possible internal affects adderall may be contributing to. and since I really don't take care of myself (I don't exercise either) I want to take vitamin supplements but am unsure as to what.   2. I drink a LOT of coffee. I would say maybe two large cups a day. is this terribly bad while taking adderall?  3. I was recently prescribed hydroxzine for anxiety. I will never be prescribed benzos because I'm a recovering addict. has anyone else tried this? I also have trazadone but it knocked me the fuck out &amp; I woke up feeling incredibly clouded, dazed, hangover-like. I can't afford to be like that.   the worst side affect from adderall for me is the anxiety/ paranoia &amp; racing thoughts. it comes and goes regarding how serious it is but it's pretty much always there. benzos work fucking fantastic for this but as i said I will never be prescribed them &amp; I would rather not seek that shit out if I'm not prescribed. the other shitty side effect from adderall is when I don't eat I turn into an absolute zombie. blank stare. complete psychopath. but when I eat &amp; get good sleep, I'm ready to go.   any advice would be greatly appreciated. thank you so much in advance.
