475e4861dd21797c54820b572dff094fa173eee37b415bd8ecb4fdd8906c4a09;;;Workplace rights - battle between day shift and night shift.;;;As the title states, my work has two shifts. I work the night shift at a lab. My shift does 90% of the work; my department processes at least 900 samples a night, whereas day shift does maybe 300.   I have searched on several ADHD websites and an hr website and I'm still not sure if or how I'm protected in a matter that's coming up on Thursday when both shifts from my department are meeting to clarify some differences in procedure between shifts.  We have had a splitter tube system for sending samples for testing at our core lab; this involves pouring off a bit of sample from the main tube into a splitter tube. This means if a client calls for additional testing, we still have some sample at the lab to do the testing.  Day shift completely stopped using splitter tubes and this makes client add ons incredibly difficult because we no longer have the sample and have to call the core lab to tell them to do it.  Getting the samples together at the end of the night to send off to the core lab (we have a cut off time in which to get all of our send out stuff ready and into the flight box for the courier to pick up) can be hectic, and having the splitter tubes helped immensely.  My shift does things the way they have always been done, and on Saturdays when both shifts work the night shift, the day shift people have started complaining that the splitter tubes confuse them.  So we're having a meeting Thursday evening, and I would like to be prepared. My boss and manager (and most of my co-workers) know that I have ADHD, but I don't think they really understand. I would like to be able to tell them the reasons why we need to keep doing the split offs the old way, not only for customer satisfaction but for efficiency and less stress on my part.   Can I print out some ADA information and basically say, "I have a disability and you need to make allowances when it comes to me being able to do my job properly."  Any advice? For years the atmosphere of the lab has basically been that day shift (who work with our manager) complain and the manager gives them what they want, without consulting us, just to shut them up. So I'm betting on this meeting being pointless. I would like to be able to go in there and be confident in my proposals.  Apologies if I rambled. I'm leaving for work soon and my meds haven't kicked in yet.  Thanks.
