49313f177178b9636056fd5bd9a9cefadc92961936036089819a71f187a7c14d;;;Another "Just got Diagnosed", but I have a couple questions the doctor dodged.;;;Hey Guys,   Apologies in advance if any of this is said in the past, I did search /r/ADHD beforehand. So I just got diagnosed by a psychiatrist today, I've always felt that I was being weighed down by my inability to focus, I for crying out loud could not read a book or a textbook no matter how hard I tried. So after talking to a psychiatrist today, she diagnosed me with ADHD -c (the combined type). She recommended I start out on 27mg of Concerta since I have never had any sort of medication in the past (ADHD or otherwise). After repeatedly asking her what  I should look out for, what should I expect I got your run of the mill answers. So I decided before I get my prescription filled tomorrow I'd get some more info as to what I'm getting into here.   **1. What should I expect while on concerta?**  She says its supposed to "kick in", in 30-60mins. But what exactly does that mean? Will I be able to feel the difference?   **2. What are the side-effects most common (with you redditers), that I should be concerned about**  The doctor only told me that I would experience a lack of appetite and from my searching in /r/ADHD  it seems to hold up. But as a first time drug taker, is there anything else I should worry about?  **3. If this drug does not work (a. How do I know that it does not work?, b. By extension how do I know it does work), what should I do then? Does a drug with a particular diagnosis (ADHD -C) work with everyone on there? i.e. those who have the combined type would work on the same medication?**  Thanks a lot for helping. Sorry if any of this is redundant or already said in the past.   PS: I have a follow up on the 13th of September. And I just want to nip this in bud, before I head of to college on the 20th, *Also feel free to add any advice you think I should keep in mind, as aforementioned this is the first time I've ever been on any medication*.   **Update: So today (1st september) was the first day I took Concerta and here was my day: I really don't know what to make of it. I was unusually productive today (By standards of my summer break thus far) I managed to wipe my computer clean, install Ubuntu, set it up, get all the necessary research another project I always put-off doing, finish another project I had researched a while back, but had always put off. All while watching "The Universe" on Netflix without being "Bored". I don't know if it was a fluke or not. But I guess we'll find out if I'm nearly this productive tomorrow.**
