49eec904308590f6ab35e69e42d9fa1eb3cef85df2fe6acce5037a1c541dda40;;;Ritalin saved my grades last semester, but lingering symptoms starting to infuriate;;;A brief history of myself: I was originally diagnosed with ADHD in 2003 and more or less forced onto Adderall by my school, purely to combat behavioral issues. After 3 years of daily medication I had finally learned to shut up (and have always been regarded as extremely quiet since,) but not before going through major issues with anxiety and depression that ultimately ended with me dropping the Adderall and only taking an antidepressant, followed by several years of no medication.  For years I thought I had been misdiagnosed, as I always did well academically throughout high school and freshman year of college. Sure, my mind wandered quite a bit and I spent waaaay longer on assignments than I should have, but I figured it was basically normal and I left it at that.  Fast forward to fall of sophomore year. The difficulty of my classes shot through the roof, and I was already committed to some extremely time consuming extracurriculars. I couldn't take it and and eventually became depressed to the point of mentally shutting down. A couple of days before I'd done a little research and taken some online tests, and everything pointed to moderate to severe depression. Big surprise there. In doing that though, I stumbled across a lot of information about ADHD, including this subreddit. Practically every symptom I read about applies or has at some point applied to me. I can relate to a disturbing number of "does anyone else...?" posts.  Well hell. That explains a lot.  Went to the doctor and was started on antidepressants (Wellbutrin) first to make sure that wasn't the whole problem. It did help, but the main problem I was experiencing remained (focus - I could seriously stare blankly at a statics problem for 2 hours without writing a single thing down - either I would continually start to do something and forget my thought process, or the gears just wouldn't turn.) So I got a prescription for 20mg of Ritalin to be taken as needed, and I couldn't have been happier with the results. It was still a tough semester, but I made it through and actually got pretty good grades.  So that was last semester. I'll avoid going on another tangent explaining why, but last week I got to thinking about how my meds were doing after a few months. I think I've built up some tolerance, but the Ritalin and Wellbutrin have been working pretty much how they should be working. I did, however, realize some areas where the meds are still lacking.  - One minor thing is that even though I know taking a Ritalin in the afternoon (after the morning one has worn off) will IMMEDIATELY get me to work, I have a hell of a time convincing myself to do it, sometimes after hours have been wasted. I'll just chalk that up to self discipline.  - By far the worst issue I have right now is listening comprehension, especially in an instructional setting. I can focus directly on a professor and hear every word they say, but I physically cannot process what is being said. If there are notes on a PowerPoint or blackboard that I need to write down, I can't even hear them. What really worries me though is how this will affect me in a professional environment. In a classroom, it's annoying, but I can survive. In an actual job though, I am terrified of being immediately labeled an incompetent idiot because I can't process or retain spoken instructions. I am absolutely awful at labs for this exact reason, and it's all resulted in a massive inferiority complex that affects the HELL out of me because I see it as completely justifiable.  - I experience something similar to the above with reading, but it's much less severe and debilitating. If I'm reading for pleasure, there's no issue, but even with Ritalin I cannot for the life of me read a chapter out of a textbook or any sort of lengthy technical document, which I generally consider a waste of time anyway because I retain next to nothing unless I spend huge amounts of time dissecting and srudying. Again, I can mostly get away with it in the academic world, but being able to read and understand specifications and other kinds of technical works are going to be a fairly important part of my career, and while I think I'll slowly get better at it with time and experience, I still don't want to add to the notion that I am unworthy of employment.  - Even when I know what I'm doing, I'd say I'm generally slower at doing it than most, which, when I'm around other people who are doing the same work, adds to the inferiority complex.  So that was way longer than I had intended and I realized about halfway through that it's the middle of the night and hardly anyone is awake to read this, but basically what I'm asking is, has anyone else been through a similar situation? What did you do about it? I was refered to a doctor who specializes in ADHD and am in the process of making an appointment, but I thought I'd check here while I'm waiting to see if there are any other meds or coping strategies I could look into.  **TL;DR** Ritalin will get me through college fine, but I'm afraid I'll be woefully unprepared for the working world due to some issues that remain.
