4a1103baa200430b3d94c247e352e688c480167e73864cf659ecc4b675579d3e;;;How bad do your "bad days" get?;;;tl;dr: My brain hasn't been braining for about 48 hours now. What did I do wrong?  I can't decide if what I'm going through right now kicked off Saturday afternoon or if it was later than that, but I don't like it one bit. On that afternoon, I started doing a reinstall of Linux on my desktop computer since it needed some digital clutter cleaned out of it and it was easier to just do it that way than to try to reconfigure the system manually. While it was installing, I drafted a blog post and took a shower, but I had to stop that little project so I could go to a bi-monthly RPG group I'm in with a bunch of friends. That night was actually a kind of big night for my character, but I wound up getting irritable because I couldn't get a word in edgewise towards the end, so I clammed up instead of getting snippy with my friends. I mean, they've all seen me do that before and would have totally understood, but I still would rather just not do it to begin with. It sort of put a damper on things.  That night, I wound up staying up way too late (6 AM, but I am used to a night work schedule during the week) trying to get some of the finer points of configuring my computer settled. I couldn't remember how to do something I had done nearly a year prior (I'll spare all of the Linux geekery here), and wound up fighting with it for a while. It was one of those cases where I'd latched on and I just wasn't wanting to walk away from it. And I mean like three feet away.  I think I got up around noon on Sunday and immediately set to futzing around on the computer some more. I was pretty restless, though, and couldn't manage to stay in front of it for more than an hour at a time. With my wife trying to catch up on her schoolwork and my daughter recovering from a cold, I could have easily stayed in the bedroom all day poking at things until they finally worked, but eventually I figured out something that I hadn't done which I really needed to do: eaten. It was nearly 4 in the afternoon, and the most I'd had to eat was a small piece of leftover pizza. We wound up going grocery shopping, and of course I was grabbing all the things off of the shelf in a frustrated mixture of hangryness and impulsivity, but my wife was dealing with it calmly in the way that only a wife of ten years could. Long story short, the wife &amp; daughter wound up wanting to watch Titanic, and we didn't own Titanic, so I made a deal with my wife that she would stick the fish sticks in the oven while I headed out to rent it. So, I wound up not eating until like 6:30 PM. We watched Dr. Strange right after, and then I spent a little while catching up on shows from the week and making a few more tweaks on the computer, and was in bed by my normal time of 3:30 AM.  Today, I didn't want to get up. At all. Every time I even thought about it, I gave myself the "fifteen more minutes" excuse and laid down for another hour. At 2 PM, I finally dragged myself out of bed, got a shower, watched a video while fixing myself a sandwich and getting dressed, and then I headed out to return the movies and go to work.  I've had my bad days at work where I've felt like I couldn't concentrate. I think we all have. But today has been far beyond that. The first thing I learned when I got here is that they're going to be rearranging the desks where I sit tomorrow during first shift, and I was unreasonably angry about that. Then I had one spreadsheet problem in my email that I needed to deal with, and it was like I was reading something in a foreign language. No matter how many times I read it, I couldn't get my brain around what they were trying to say. It took me two hours to decipher this strange text, and then another hour to formulate a 500-word response, and the entire time the opening theme to 'Last Week Tonight' was playing on a loop inside my head. My brain, it's not braining.  So, quick background: I was diagnosed as a kid back in the 80's. I'm not medicated, and that's an entirely different ball of anxiety-wax. My only physical symptoms of illness have been a slight uptick with my allergies and my eyelids have been twitchy. The above is pretty much my entire weekend, and I don't know if I'll be able to handle it if I feel this way tomorrow.
