4a43c591e944ed5e7ae68bbbfc5f9e722df82f6835eaa4c76a156d17ed76be6b;;;Soon to turn 25, and finally things are looking brighter.;;;Hey guys. So I started suspecting adhd at age 23 after a friend said how much I reminded of him (he had been diagnosed as a kid). After nearly two years, the final pieces of the puzzle have come together to add up to what might become a great future.  Mostly what is making this so great is by starting out with proper medication I can digest without that many side effects, but also by how much I learned on the matter, and how much I can really relate myself with. I have sort of learned how to control my sometimes very random thought pattern, and can finally understand why I, being a person many regards as *smart*, sometimes act like I suffer of retardation. It's all about my lack of focus.  My poor, past personia almost always had to laugh off some of the silly things he tend to do, such as leaving keys in the refrigerator or placing tools on top of cabinets for days. Or work related stuff such as plugging network cables to routers twice, effectively creating a "loop" that costs us moments of time for fault solution. As of this day, I can say this is due to my lack of focus, or more of the passive focus.   Usually my day goes about thinking about everything beyond what I am currently occupying myself with. I did many mistakes I really shouldn't have, and now I am starting to understand how to correct on them. I have also become better at reflecting my errors, and not dismiss them with an arrogant shrug when someone reveals my flaws. I understand now that I can do wrong, I am not perfect, will never be perfect, and have to take the time that others cannot always keep up with my adrenaline rushed thoughts. I may come off as a know-it-all, but I assure you I am not.  However, some of the positive things on medication, may eradicate into negative, and they stack up now. Currently, I am on dexamphetamine sulfate, but the side effects include anxiety and dry mouth. The dry mouth can be brushed off with water or chewing gum, but I fear my teeth will degrade over time. This is not good.  However, the dry mouth is just a minor side effect, it comes with the cost for an overall better person at work and at life. The real problem lies within anxiety, and the mayhem that comes with it. It seems that every time I come off the medications, my anxiety rushes in. I tend not to take medications during the weekend, and at evenings when I am all alone, my anxiety causes a general insomnia, irrational fear and confusion. Can others relate? I have yet to check up with a doctor, but I sometimes suspect what appears to be heart attacks, yet they only appear whenever I feel alone. I am almost certain it is just anxiety, but I followup with the doctor should rule it out.   Overall though, when I am bringing my game at work, I feel like an unruled champion when it comes to being focused and technical. That is all.
