4ae67c016f7547c58ee02e949d5f02bb7763a917b3f0a73a51434de5219af03f;;;I apologized to everyone I know on Facebook last night. I wanted to share it with the world, so here I am.;;;(I wrote the following over the course of about 5 hours, multiple beers, too many smokes, and 1000 or so tears. I posted it in the middle of the night as soon as it was finished.)   I've been trying to work up the courage to post these thoughts for some time. It's been in my head for a long while, but this is the first time I've been able to hold it together long enough to type anything out. Here goes...  ------  I'm sorry. I must apologize to you.  Yes.  You.  If you still see what I post on Facebook, you're on the list, everyone who doesn't is still on the list, they just won't see this and I get to live with that and it sucks.  I am sorry. Truly.  I found a way to hurt you. Each and every one of you. Most of you don't even know it, and I'm sorry.  Knowing me has been something too many people for far too long have suffered through. I've been awkward, uncomfortable and even toxic in some circumstances. A small doses person. Maybe if we squeeze him out of the conversation circle he'll get the hint and just go away person. It's not that easy to deal with me the way I've been, and I'm sorry.  There are a few very good reasons for that.  You.  Yes you. Still on the list, don't know me. Seriously you don't.  Doesn't matter if you've known me for twenty minutes, or twenty years. You don't know me. I hid something from you, and I am sorry.  I don't know me.  I don't know me, so you can't and I am sorry.  I have a problem. Several in fact. Big fucking problems. Problems even bigger than your mom. They've hurt you, each and every one of you, in some way, and I'm sorry.  The first, is that the single most difficult thing for me to do in the world, out of all things possible, is ask for help. For anything. For any reason. For as long as I can remember.  Asking for help has always been, irrationally I know, worse than failure in the experience of the universe as seen from trapped inside my head. As early as I can remember I've needed, more been compelled, to figure it out on my own. Whatever it was. No matter the cost. I hurt people by not listening or taking their advice and I'm sorry.  Second, I can't pay attention. Not easily anyway. It's like making the tightest fist you can all day and being a failure every time you stop. Haven't been able to since you met me. The rest of humanity thinks too slow to stay focused on without getting bored and distracted. You've always been that way. So have I. It's not a good thing when you think so fast you can't even make sense to yourself. I've forgotten your name, things you said, stories you told, things I told you I would do, times, dates, places, plans, goals, to reply to your email, text, or phone call. Most likely multiple times. I have an actual medical problem with it. I cannot control how much information, relevant or not, my brain chooses to try to process at the same time and it regularly overloads itself and I lose important things forever. I went undiagnosed for 25+ years and unmedicated for at least ten after that. Some of you may not be aware of that until now, and for that I am sorry.  I used number three because of number one, to hide number two. I know this one,  and the fourth one hurt you, that is something I know for a fact. For these, I will understand if "I'm sorry" will never do, and you never want to be near me again. That is the price of where I went and coming back the way I did. I know that and I am sorry.  Four: severe depression over two and three because of one.  I'm talking bad. Very bad. A deep dark hole more miserable than most of you can imagine is a possible place to go, inside your own head bad, bad. No description of any form of hell was this bad, bad. It was a place of bad so horrible, it's as hard to describe as yellow is to someone born blind. You. Can't. Even. The only way you could know is if you went there yourself, and I'd never wish that on anyone. Ever. If you understand I'm sorry you went there too.  A very large portion of any time anyone has spent with me in the last 10 years or so was while I was in this hole, digging myself very slowly ever deeper. I avoided interaction with you because I felt bad, I would make promises I knew I would not keep because I felt bad. In my quest to get out of this hole of horrible, without asking for help, I hurt you through my behavior, and I am sorry. This time for both of us.  Because four caused three to flourish. A seed that should never have been allowed to germinate, and I am sorry.  Number three is the worst of them all. This kills all relationships of any kind. This is where forgiveness ends, and I am sorry.  Three. I have become a very good liar. Extremely good. Very hard to lie to me good. Oscar worthy lying if it was my job good. Like, hide severe depression because of being unable to ask for help with your ADD from everyone you know without most of them finding out for 30+ years until you finally told them yourself just now because it all has to collapse, good. I've said or done just about anything for a very large number of years to hide how bad these things made me feel. I lied to hide the pain from you and everyone else I know, and I'm sorry.  It's a very bad habit, lying, because it hurts people and, like anything you practice, it gets easier. Easier to do and easier to justify. I can't count the number of times I've lied to your face. Sometimes I didn't even have to and I did anyway.  Yes. Your. Face.  I've stood in front of you, looked you in the eye, and lied to you and you believed it.   I've lied to you. I have. It wasn't a white lie either.  I lied to you so I didn't admit I needed help. I lied to you because I forgot. I lied to you to avoid getting yelled at, I lied to you because I felt bad, and I lied to you to try to protect you, all of you, from that place I was in. I lied to you because it became the easier story to tell, so easy I could have a lie to you out of my mouth before I realized I did it.  I have lied to so many people, for so long, about so many things, the balance in my bank account of how much I can be trusted is a very large negative number, and I am sorry.  I apologize to everyone.  My wife. My family. My friends. Acquaintances. Everyone.  I am sorry I shat on your trust and your love. I'm sorry I couldn't trust you enough with my pain. I've permanently destroyed things I will forever regret. Anything not permanently destroyed is severely harmed. If nothing survives I understand and I'm sorry.  The fog of misery, and too much info in my head to process is just starting to lift, clearest I've been since as long as I can remember.  I broke. I got so bad I broke myself. I got to a place where I had finally gotten so bad I knew I had no choice and I did the unthinkable and terrifying thing. The last, worst option. I asked for help.  I violated the stupidest rule I couldn't shake for anything.  It's been the best worst most painfully regretful thing I've ever done. I'm finally on some medication that is actually working in a way I can only describe as "positive" which is still a foreign language. I'm going to a therapist as well. Help is actually helping right now, maybe.   I'm thinking clearer than I have in as long as I can remember, and I'm horrified at what I've done. Absolutely and totally appalled at my behavior. Toward all of you. For so many, many years.  I've destroyed the most important things in my life, pretty much categorically and systematically, not alphabetically though. I've alienated myself from family and friends to the point where I'm a myth to some people, and an uncomfortable experience to be around for the rest. I've lied to just about everyone I know to hide my pain. I've let people think I'm an asshole and let relationships die to hide it. I hurt you, and I'm sorry.  I'm on medications that seem to be helping but I'm not even close to better, not by a long shot. I'm still probably almost as bad as you've ever felt, maybe worse, and yet that is an improvement for me. I can't expect you to understand, better is relative, I guess. I've wrecked everything good about my life and the hole I dug is infinitly worse than I could see while I was digging, but it's somehow less bad than before things started clearing and I was at the bottom of it. I hope I've stopped digging. Go figure, medical science ftw.  The future is almost as foggy as the rest used to be. There is a lot I don't know.  I don't know what I can do when I don't feel bad.  I don't know what I can do when I can pay attention.  I don't know what I can do when I don't have to lie.  I don't know what I can do when I can ask for help.  I sure as hell don't know what I can do when I can do all of that at the same time.   I don't know me.   You don't know me, because you can't.  Yet.  I do know who you met isn't the real me. No one has met that person.  I do know the person I was before I climbed into the hole was too young to form a guess about who I am able to be.  I do know that I don't like the person you met, and I'm not sure why you put up with him. Seriously.  I do know that the parts of me I'm getting to know are pissed at the person you met.  I do know that I hurt you.  Yes, you.  More than you'll ever know.  I know I behaved so poorly, toward so many people, for so long, that the two most important people can't forgive me for it.  I'm one of them.  I hurt you.  Yes you.  And you too.  And I am so very sorry for that.
