4af7c5d58e53d3731b17d3fba9bb8f774c1ea12b476cc1e6b2762f407f19dde4;;;[RANT] Regular drug tests and moralism;;;I would obviously appreciate any guidance on how to deal with this, both practically and emotionally.  Background: I recently got diagnosed. At first they said it was only a type of unspecified attention disorder, but later they told me the criteria for ADHD had changed and now also included people who first had symptoms before the age of 11. I don't really get the whole thing. I know I've had issues resembling ADHD throughout my life, but I've also had a very difficult upbringing, and it wouldn't surprise me if that hadn't affected my cognitive abilities etc. The medication (Concerta) has helped me with studying, planning day to day life and dealing with social settings. The latter is very important to me.   But to the issue, before the testing I told them I smoked every now and then. They told me to stay clean for 3 months before any testing could be done, so I stayed clean. Then they wanted me to stay clean while they tried out the medication. Fine, that all makes sense, they want to make sure the symptoms aren't caused by the weed, and they want to make sure I'm on the right dosage. Before getting my first prescription, however, they made me sign a paper stating that I understand that the conditions for the treatment is being drug free. This means that I will have to do regular drug tests forever. This also applies to ADHD patients with no drug history. If you refuse to take a test, or test positive, they'll withold medicine for 3 months and then you need to show that you're clean.  Even though there are no official health guidelines stating that you need to be 100% drug free to receive treatment, there are also no official guidelines stating you have the right to treatment if you're not. From what I've understood though, in 99% of cases they end the treatment with any kind of positive drug test. I've also heard of cases where they've ended non-pharmacological treatments, like therapy, when there's been a positive drug test. From what I know there isn't a dangerous interaction with marijuana and Concerta (methylphenidate hydrochloride), so it seems like the only purpose of this practice is to punish patients who don't have a lifestyle healthy enough according to their standard.  I've been on the medication for a couple of months, and was finally assigned a new doctor (the Swedish psychiatry is very chaotic..). I had to tell her everything again, describe symptoms, describe in detail how an anxiety attack "feels like in the body", give a quick summary of years of therapy and mental health problems, and finally she asked about the "time when I was using drugs". She asked me "why did you use? was it to calm down?". But I've actually never felt like my use has been problematic for me, but that's so taboo to say in Sweden. So I said "I did it because I liked to get high" which was truthful but also really stupid. She then mentioned I was going to have a new nurse assigned to me, so that I could have "testing done".   "What kind of testing?" "Oh, blood testing, checking your weight... liver status, you know standard procedure stuff".  And I just felt like she was intentionally not mentioning the drug tests. And I already had all the regular blood testing, EKG and liver status testing done during the  first 2 months when I was started taking the medicine.   This whole thing with the drug tests are stressing me a lot, I obsess over it. I search for policy documents regulating the practice (non-existent) and ADHD organisations talking about it. I'm involved in organisations supporting drug user's rights so simply the ideology of it angers me. I think that all medical decisions should have medical grounds. I haven't smoked since I moved back to Sweden (used to live in Berlin, where people smoke up in bars). The laws are very strict here and even if I wasn't going to be tested I would probably not even smoke more than once every couple of months. So it's not the fact that I can't smoke that is upsetting me. But I feel like these tests are really humiliating and controlling. I also hate that I feel like I get punished every time I talk about drugs in a honest manner with health care professionals. The first time I mentioned having smoked the nurse got edgy and irritated just because I didn't agree that smoking weed gradually lowers your IQ. I'm upset that they can terminate my treatment on grounds that aren't medical. Should my medication really be a reward for good behavior? I've always hated all kinds of authority figures, but this is just taking it to a new level. It also makes me want to stop with the medication, to not have the anxiety over the drug tests anymore. But the medication is helping me a lot. I feel like I can finally have something of a normal life. It feels like it would be self destructive to stop taking the medication before I have more tools to deal with my issues. I go to a CBT-therapy group that I hope can teach me some things.  **TL;DR:** Need to take regular drug tests to get treatment. This is making me very upset.
