4b5c0f4f30a925746a0b401c6d79f318ee1d3d16b017ec2ea8926782555f5bb1;;;Help: Getting tested in the light of scarce data.;;;I've been studying abroad for two years now and currently I'm starting the job of a researcher at a university. While thinking in hindsight I can recall many episodes from my childhood that would suggest I had ADHD, those symptoms never affected my life significantly (primarily because I received much help from my parents and grandmother to deal with my daily activities). However, during the last two years I've been literally plagued by difficulties and misfortunes such as constantly missing buses, trains or (twice so far) flights and inability to handle paperwork (signing agreements, documents related to obtaining visa/residence permit, arranging accommodation etc.). I keep losing/misplacing things, procrastinating and not getting anything done until the deadline is upon me.  This month I finally decided to have a consultation with a psychiatrist. I had two consultations and in the end she said she'll refer me to the clinic where I can be tested. However, the conversations with her (as well as some research I've done to explore the nature of the test) makes me believe that there is a pretty good chance I won't be diagnosed with ADHD, even though I may well have the condition. Here are the reasons why:  1. Good academic records. It looks like they're paying too much attention to your grades. I hold master's and advanced master's degrees with cum laude and magna cum laude, respectively, which is presumably very atypical for someone with ADHD. (Although I accomplished that without going through even 20-25% of required readings and I regularly missed deadlines for submitting my papers/theses. It's just that through experience I learned how to write my papers or answer exam questions exactly the way that would please the professor. Thus I've always been a better-than-average student without putting much effort into my studies or deeply understanding the subject I was being taught).  2. There is no one who could confirm my childhood symptoms of ADHD. My parents are thousands of miles away, plus they speak neither English nor the official language of the country I'm currently residing in. (Apart from that, we've been a bit estranged since I came out as agnostic and I'd really prefer not to involve them). There are no evaluation reports from my school teachers either, since back in my schooldays this system simply didn't exist.  Thus, all I have (at least from a psychiatrist's point of view) are observations and complaints I can't substantiate. Quite the contrary, my academic records clearly contradict my account. The test, I was told, costs "a few hundred Euros" (insurance covers only part of it), requires follow-up(s) and is thus fairly time-consuming. It would be really frustrating to undergo the procedure without getting correct diagnosis. In the meantime, symptoms are becoming increasingly annoying along with my growing professional commitments and they will only get worse when I have to start teaching in late September.  So here is a question to those of you who are more familiar with the procedure: does it make any sense to show up for the medical examination alone (that is, without a person who has known you since your childhood) and without any solid evidence to substantiate your account? According to my psychiatrist it would be technically possible (although they don't normally do this) to tailor the test to a single person, but I'm afraid that might increase chances of a wrong diagnosis.  Any suggestion will be greatly appreciated.   **TL;DR:** I suspect I have ADHD, but I'm not sure whether to undergo medical examination, since there is very little data available on my case. I'm afraid this lack of data could result in not being diagnosed even though I may have ADHD, or vice versa, being diagnosed with ADHD while I may have a different condition.
