4bef3b7009a05d9dfc29a9db8d8250a772144b80df4f13764caae76fed107261;;;Am I just making excuses for my actions?;;;I don't know how to rephrase the question. I feel like I am a very level headed, decently smart, down to earth person. But I can't concentrate on anything. I cant focus no matter how hard I try. And yes I am trying, extremely hard. Writing this is even difficult. Ever since I got a new job as a supervisor in July I have been noticing how forgetful I am and how much I procrastinate on things. It is definitely affecting my performance and my boss is starting to notice that I'm not just making those mistakes because I'm the new guy. He is realizing it's going to be a constant thing. He took me off the schedule all this week because we are "low on work" but I saws the schedule... theres a ton of work, some of them are even at jobs that I started (construction). It is creating a lot of stress at home since I got married in November and I feel like my wife thinks I'm lazy. I try to do everything for her, but when she gets home there is still so much not done. She is very understanding and doesn't put me down or anything, but I can tell it irritates her. When we "fight" I cant even concentrate then. 99% of the time I couldn't tell you what started the fight by the end of it. I just get overloaded when it happens and my brain kind of short circuits and I can't focus or anything and it makes it 100x worse.   For about 6 months now I have realized I share the symptoms of ADHD. I am 23 and have never been diagnosed. My parents aren't exactly the type to bring me to the doctor for every little thing. They probably don't know the warning signs for ADHD still. I know I didn't. Whatever is happening is affecting my life in a very negative way. I don't think I am depressed, though I want to look into that more. I have had slight anxiety lately but I don't think that is it either. I have noticed lately that I don't think like everybody else and that it is not normal.   My question is: am I trying to make an excuse for myself or could I actually have a problem? Making excuses is NOT in my personality. I own up to everything and am very truthful all of the time. I value my integrity more than most of my qualities. I just want an answer but I don't know where to start. It is overwhelming and just one more thing to add to the list of crap to think about.   I'm not asking for a diagnosis, because I'm assuming just about everyone here isn't a doctor. I just want to know if yall asked the same question. "could it be ADHD or am I just not trying hard enough (even though I am trying really freakin hard)"
