4c61a7c2d240ab6269557eace6ccf0b91448c14e6f388f42d79dd483096a57a9;;;Tips for exercising regularly?;;;This is kind of a rant, so I apologize for the novel. But it's also a request for advice. I need to exercise. No ifs, ands, or buts... of which many will follow. And not just "little walks here and there" - I got that part down! But I need to *really* exercise. It just always seems like such a herculean task to get started.    For example, I love swimming. A couple summers ago, I was able to swim in my apartment's pool during the summer. I lost weight like crazy and got in good shape. But it was difficult to find a time when the tiny pool was unoccupied enough that I could swim laps, and it's only open June through September. So I resolved that for the winter I would join a gym that had a pool.    2 years ago.   Why? I know all of these are just excuses, but I seriously can't get over these hurdles to make myself do it.    * When to go to the gym? Lunch break would be super busy (mild social anxiety too, whoopee), and if I showered or swam, it would mess up my hair and makeup and I wouldn't be presentable for work. Straight after work is difficult because I usually have a very small lunch and get light headed exercising. After dinner could work, but the gym would have to be open (Who closes at 7:30 wtf) and it would be very difficult to motivate myself to go somewhere after a long day. Early morning makes the most sense. ...If I could ever get myself out of bed in time.    * Find a gym with a pool. There are a few in my town! One has a great facility but is a long drive, which means losing nearly ~45 additional min of my evening that already feels too short. There's one that's close to home and work but in a bad part of town and the equipment is questionable. Another in the same area, better equipment but crappy hours. And one fancy gym that only has an outdoor pool. I can't decide.    * "Just go try one out!" see: Social anxiety, plus gym prices are CRAZY. The Ys here is $15 for a one day pass and God knows what the fancy gyms are. Also the Ys require cash for a day pass and I never have cash, so that's a trip to the bank. And then I'm really hesitant to sign up for a membership for $50 a month knowing how difficult it is to get my butt down there regularly.    2 years and apart from that research, all I have to show for it is a gym bag and a lock for my hypothetical locker. So... maybe I just need to choose something that's less effort to do.    I did yoga for a while and loved it, but I really need more cardio. Can't stand jogging after having a gym teacher that wouldn't let us stop for *anything* while we were running for 20 minute straight, even though I have asthma. I don't like walking alone because I tend to daydream and it gets me in trouble. Treadmill/Bike in front of the TV? Sounds so great in theory. I can't do it. I can't hear the TV over the treadmill, or can't pay enough attention to the plot while focusing on pedaling, so 15 min in I get so fed up that I stop so I can just watch my show in peace.    I just feel stuck in a rut. Exercises that are easy to do are too boring to stick with and the ones I enjoy are too much work for me to ever get started with. And of course the typical advice of "you just gotta do it," is my biggest problem as someone with ADHD.    tl;dr: How do I make myself exercise regularly when everything is either too boring or too hard to start?
