4d76fb32371e48be995d07d8334e3273756e8aeee528dcd0a215328c8e8f91d6;;;I know this is a common problem..but my social life is stupid.;;;I feel like most of us ADD/ADHD'ers have this issue with our social lives. It just doesn't make any sense. I will reach out to people, and often times I get nothing...literally nothing. I will make an effort to be friends with someone and they don't seem to reciprocate. I thought people wanted to be social? I am an awesome fucking dude, yet joe shmoe over there who is ten times the loser I am gets more fucking attention than I do. Not to mention girls actually talk to him, and don't ignore him as if he doesn't exist.  You know what I think it is? COMMUNICATION! Having ADD for me is bad enough but I am able to communicate properly and let people know the real fucking deal so they know what I am thinking and feeling without any retarded assumptions. I consider myself a good communicator and I think normal people with their stupid filters and shit don't know how to communicate. They do, but they don't socialize the way we do in which both silence, and talking is golden. As long as time is spent well and together with others.   I hate how normal people assume things. They assume that you are this, or that, when in reality they don't even fucking know you well enough. I just grinds my gears and humans are social creatures so having a good social life is intrinsic and healthy for human kind. Also people rarely invite me to things. It is like they forget about my existence and it makes me feel like a worthless piece of shit.  Sorry this is kind of a rant but as a human who knows that social life is incredibly important, having ADD makes it that much worse. Now being friends with other ADD'ers is perfectly fine. In fact my relationships with these people are more healthy but it still does not change the fact that I feel so alone sometimes. And I hate it.   I just haven't had the social life I always wanted and god damnit I would do anything to have a healthy one. Does anyone feel the same as I do?
