4d7b7b8f7c0317e7e63694b089775594a902e45a0af445e903bd586b773bf3a3;;;Dentist with ADHD... possibly?;;;So I'm a dentist with what I think is undiagnosed ADD.  From what I've been reading through I'm guessing it's the PI type.  I have some symptoms of the hyperactivity variety but mostly it's the fog.  I've had this since... easily high school but was never treated.  I got by in spite of it.  I've had major problems in certain types of subjects over the course of my education life.  In particular - subjects where I had to memorize anatomy, or subjects where I had to write papers.  Math was always a strong point for me, it was strong enough that I could ignore the noise and work out whatever problems I had in front of me.  Studying has always been a challenge and I've always needed some type of music to keep my eyes on the paper.  I can't tell you how many times I've had to re-read pages because my mind would just wander.  Not just for studying, but even leisure reading.  It's tough.  I'm fortunate that it hasn't affected my abilities to treat patients, I'm actually on my way to becoming an accomplished dentist (not just treating patients but lecturing and teaching).  But I'm finding that it's been getting worse with time, not better.  I thought for a long time I could just work around it but now that I'm putting together lectures and speaking arrangments I'm having a really difficult time sitting still long enough to get my words on paper.  For instance I have to give a lecture in January for 2 hours.  I know the material I need to present but I just can't sit down and do it.  Every time I sit, my mind just wanders like crazy and I can't focus.  I've been trying to work around it by only doing a little at a time and it's working but it's extremely frustrating.  Why am I posting?  I guess support and any suggestions.  I've been trying to book some time with a psych to schedule an ADD test but it's quite difficult in my neck of the woods.  So it's likely to be a few months before that happens.   TL;DR: Dentist with undiagnosed ADD trying to overcome it.  Finding it difficult.
