4dd46635f7eb7ba9e7e0798873b222821e9ba92511c83692f9018f63a998e32a;;;My ADHD struggle;;;This is my story of my how my entire life collapsed and fell apart, how ADHD destroyed my life  About 10 years ago I was diagnosed with ADHD. I was a 1st grader having no idea what was going on and constantly being unable to control my body. I was always getting in trouble for being loud and impulsive during class. As soon as I started on a certain medication called daytrana(methilphindiate in patch form) my life started getting better, I had gotten some control over it. I was able to make friends and keep them while keeping this thing I still did not understand at the time under control. But as the years went by I slowly lost control over it again. 5 years ago when I went into 6th grade I totally lost control over it, it was the new environment I suppose. I was annoying and impulsive. I annoyed lots of people and that's when I started loosing friends. Kids in my grade started disliking me, I began to get bullied. When 7th grade came I got some control over it again. I was still annoying but not as much. 7th and 8th grade were good years. Still though slowly as the years went by more kids started disliking me. When 9th grade hit and the environment change my life really started falling apart.  The year started out with me loosing complete control of my ADHD. I became extremely annoying and impulsive. Some kids described me as creepy. I was told that I scared people Kids started being mean to me. Tons of kids just started disliking me and hating me. I was kicked out of clubs. My teachers were no support at all. When an email was sent out to them saying what was going on and how I needed support. I had a teacher start calling me immature being mean to me. Giving me bad grades and an unfair choice. I had another teacher start telling me that I'm harassing his students. I have no idea where he got that from. I was the one being harassed in his class. A kid twisted my arm and then broke my binder and he starts telling me I'm harassing his students. Other teachers weren't very nice either. I only had on teacher. She was probably one of the best teachers I ever had. She gave me a NASA calendar. I fell in love with the band imagine dragons in 8th grade. Their song "top of the world" made me develop a deep passion and love for space and math. The teacher giving me that calendar really made me happy and feel better. But things weren't getting my better. It was halfway through the year at this point and I was being told on a weekly basis "to kill myself". Kids told me I was creepy. I had lost so many friends and kids all around were starting to dislike me. By the end of the year I had only 10 or 11 friends. My grades were amazing despite everything that was going on. But depression was starting to take me over. The thoughts that all these kids think I'm annoying and creepy and I can't help it. I tried desperately to stop. I kept failing, it's just how our brains work I guess.   I went to an imagine dragons concert in June. It was the best night of my life. The songs they make relate so much to my life. Seeing "top of the world" live really made me happy. Over the summer I began to get severe depression. I felt hopeless and worthless. I was having suicidal thoughts. I was sad all the time. I had lost interest in the things I loved like gaming and doing other things. I would spend my days in August lying in bed just listening to imagine dragons. The entire smokes and mirrors album really helped me. Songs like "shots", "hopeless opus", "Polaroid", "trouble", "smokes and mirrors" and "the fall" really relate to my life in so many ways. That band helped me get through the summer. The town I live in had an annually festival like usual just before school starts. I went to it with my only friends left and I saw all these kids, kids I used to be friends with. Now they were just giving me looks. Mean looks. I was still annoying and I couldn't control it. Then something happened their that I don't really want to explain but it gave me hope. The final day of the festival I missed. I had been admitted into a mental hospital at 4 am that morning. During my stay I began to feel better and think things would get better. That thing that happened at the festival really gave me hope. After spending 5 days in the hospital I was released. I went to school the next day and things just feel apart. I saw the kids that had indirectly put me in that hospital. Put me in this mess. The kids that told me to kill myself and the kids that had been mean to me the previous year. After school I cried. I don't understand why all this happened to me. How this disorder, this mental illness, completely ruined my life. Over the weekend things got worse. I did some really annoying stuff. After a week of being out of the hospital I had lost 7 of my closest friends. People who I trusted and counted on. They couldn't take me being annoying and now constantly depressed and having a low self esteem. The following 2 days I lost my final 3 friends. These 3 friends had been my friends for years. They were going off on me when I mentioned that I wanted to start a cancer fundraiser. I ordered a shirt that said "the path to heaven runs through miles of clouded hell" "right to the top" and on the back it said "I'm never changing who I am", some words from probably the most inspiring song that really gives off a message. They started going off on me when I showed them that I had ordered a shirt and then I showed them a picture of it from the site. They said "well then your always going to be annoying and creepy. Your never going to get out of your depressive state" "your the reason your in this situation". I have tried explaining to them, I've showed them articles and information about ADHD, how it makes me impulsive and really annoying. They just said stop using that as an excuse. They continued to bash me until I couldn't take it and then blocked them both. Ending two friendships that I've had for so long.  I've now no longer have any friends. I lost my only friends when I needed them the most. My depression has worsened although I have been able to keep out the suicidal thoughts. No body in my school likes me. They all think I'm annoying. Extremely annoying. I'm constantly being given faces by kids and have to always see the kids that made me depressed and harassed me on a weekly basis. I can't control my ADHD anymore. Medication doesn't work. Nothing works anymore. Imagine dragons is so inspiring to me and it motivates me to keep pushing through. Even when things get hard. The only I've got to look up to is my future. Being an astronaut and an aerospace engineer for NASA. I just wanted to share my story of how my life was ruined slowly by a mental illness that I was diagnosed with 10 years ago. How I can't change and am unable of blending in with society. How my life collapsed on me.
