4ee2e64070e1d9b9de08692798365787cdec7e170cd22de01d3d71c01a4c1692;;;What Is Happening When I Take Math Tests?;;;Although I understand math concepts just fine, this is rarely reflected in my grades and standardized testing. I make a lot of careless mistakes that sometimes I can't even catch (changing a positive to a negative, thinking one number is another number, etc.).   Right now, I am taking Calc I. Up until Friday, I had a low A in the class. Then, I took test #3, and I couldn't do anything right. Even as I was taking the test, I could tell I was messing everything up. I was having the same problem earlier in the day when I was trying to do practice problems to study. I ended up sketching my graph upside down. I forgot to add "+ C" to all my integral answers. I spent a half hour on one problem because I kept entering the problem into the calculator wrong.   I don't know if background information is needed, but I was diagnosed with ADHD 3 years ago at age 25, and I have never been medicated. I don't really have the means to become medicated.   Does anyone know what is happening in my brain when I am taking math tests and what I can do to remedy it?  Semi-related to this, I have trouble visualizing shapes and graphs in my head. Does anyone know how I can learn to visualize them?
4ee2e64070e1d9b9de08692798365787cdec7e170cd22de01d3d71c01a4c1692;;;ADHD and School Anxiety; TW: Suicide;;;So, a common theme in my life is that school makes me anxious and depressed. I am sure my problems with ADHD do not help. I actually think the extra effort I need to spend on school triggers my anxiety.  This semester is a train wreck. It started off with promise. However, I made my job a priority and got behind in physics. I kept trying to play catch up in physics and ended up getting behind in calc II. Then, I found out I was getting a D in physics. I was determined to turn it around, and I put in a lot of work to try to do that. I had a calc test in that time.   Well, I was taking my physics test, and while I don't think I was failing miserably, I felt a lot of brain fog while taking the physics test. I had a lot of anxiety, and I just wanted to drop the class. I went home feeling suicidal. I woke up in the morning and found out I got a D on my Calc II test. I understood the concepts, but I had trouble understanding what a couple of the questions meant due to wording. I ended up feeling very strongly like I wanted to kill myself, so I went to the emergency room.   I didn't get diagnosed with ADHD/GAD/depression until I was 25. I am 28 now, and my trip to the ER was the first time I got treatment for my ADHD. I tried before but was prescribed Zoloft, which I didn't care for. Well, tonight, I had a calc quiz due, and I've been avoiding it all weekend. I just missed the deadline by 4 minutes while working the problems, but I was having trouble thinking because of the anxiety again. Now, my anxiety is through the roof, and I'm having those suicidal feelings again.  I've been in college for 10 years because this is a repeating motif in my life. I don't know why, but school makes me extremely anxious. The ADHD coupled with the anxiety makes it near to impossible for me to concentrate on school work, and they also make me feel tired all of the time.   I don't know what to do. I don't want to give up on school, but I am about to run out of financial aid, so I don't know if I'll have any other choice soon.   Anyone out there with similar experiences? Advice?
