4f682b657c748508b3f7f03ae6251651215dd34f0b665fb4c33df05020550a34;;;Anybody here also have children with ADHD? Strongly suspecting that my 3 year-old stepson has it. What can we do for him?;;;Hi there.  I'm a frequent reader here, because I, myself, have ADHD.  I'm 32f, and my partner is 39m.  He has two children from a previous marriage, and has full custody of them.  I spend most of my time with them, even though I technically rent a room nearby where I go to school so that I have space to study.    My partner has full custody of his boys (6 years old and 3 years old) because their mother is severely mentally ill, and has a bad drug habit, mainly with painkillers. She's also been diagnosed with ADHD (in addition to other mental conditions), and has in the past abused Ritalin (120 mg per day was what she was getting altogether from various psychiatrists).    Anyway, both boys have had understandable emotional issues due to the abuse they suffered at the hands of their mother, and now their confusion about her (she only has a couple hours a week of visitation with them, supervised by a therapist).  I know that some of their behavioral problems are likely a result of emotional stuff they're processing.  However, the younger one has major issues that look exactly like ADHD.  His mother actively did drugs while she was pregnant with him, whereas it's less likely that she did with the older one.  The younger one is delightful and engaging, hilarious and affectionate.  However, he has zero impulse control, enormous and terrifying temper tantrums, exhibits hyperfocus and distractibility that I'm all too familiar with myself, is unable (and I mean unable, not unwilling) to sit still or listen to instructions, and has major issues falling and staying asleep.   I've been around lots of kids in my life, both professionally and personally, and I know what's age-appropriate for a three year-old.  Some of this is probably very normal, but a lot of it is beginning to be really worrisome.  When does everyone think it's appropriate to seek help from a professional or a specialist?  What can we be doing here at home to make things easier for all of us?  His behavior is taxing, frustrating, and hurtful most of the time.  It's not his fault, but we don't know how to help.
