501f422b58c64c3886b31c26e494933bfccb677307b9b7d0df99f98948397405;;;Is ADD responsible for my slow processing speed? Are meds supposed to not only help focus you, but make your brain work faster?;;;I have been diagnosed with ADD and Depression.  While I generally feel emotionless/down, my main concern is that I think depression has slowed my cognitive abilities over the last few years. My brain just isn't turning as fast as it used to, or what it is capable of.  The main issue is that I am never able to find the words I want to use to describe what I want to say. I'm always stuck looking for a word or a way to express myself. This severely impacts my writing abilities. My processing speed and everything else is just so slow.  I initially thought these were just ADD symptoms, however the medication I take for that only has the ability of helping me focus and stay on task - It doesn't lift my brain fog much at all.  Now, I would assume that perhaps my brain is just a bit slow, however I am able to tap into a certain state of mind where words and expressions flow from my brain like I am Hemingway. My brain fog alleviates soo much and everything becomes clear.  This state of mind comes when I am super sleep deprived.  If I stay up quite late, or if I only have 3 hours sleep, I am 1000x more switched on and responsive and alert and lucid. It's all very strange. My ability to process information becomes infinitely better when I am sleep deprived.  I have since read that sleep-deprivation is a quick method to alleviate the symptoms of depression.  So is my inability to find words and think properly to do with depression, or has ADD medication fixed this problem for anyone?  Anyone who has experienced the 'euphoria' associated with sleep-deprivation allowing them to think fast and more clearly, please share your experience with how you lifted your brain fog.  I hope I will be able to replicate the state of mind in which I can speak properly and think faster because currently it really depressing to not be able to talk properly in public (unless I'm sleep deprived) because I can't think fast enough to keep up and express myself.
