511aacc486cc73c1915c047a3f05121923b2519e5b6cfa7a0e4d2ab45c5e548d;;;What was I just thinking about?  Do you ever lose your train of thought, then try to retrace it, or just "shut down" as a result?;;;I have a lot on my mind lately -work deadlines, bills, my social/love life, business trip next week, vacation after that- not to mention a few things I'm behind on.  Earlier this morning I was working on some SQL code for work.  Within a few seconds I got distracted by: 2 instant messages, something going on outside my window, my upstairs neighbor dropped something, another neighbor was just leaving through the front door, checking my calendar concerning the business trip next week, something on the TV that caught my attention, at least one other thing I can't remember, and then back to the code.    That all literally happened within just a few seconds.  Then I found myself thinking, "now what was I just thinking about?"  I had ["tip of the tongue syndrome"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tip_of_the_tongue) about my own stream of consciousness. And I had a very distinct feeling of overwhelming hopelessness in the face of straightening it all out.    This was about an hour after I took my morning dose of Adderall.  I believe I actually had a mini panic attack.  I couldn't focus, my heart was racing and all I cared about was what stupid trivial thing was just on my mind a few moments prior, because it seemed like the most important thing in the world.  Even though I have a ton of work to do, I just didn't care anymore.  I walked away from my work computer, poured myself a drink, took a shower, and I've been laying in bed on the internet ever since.  Now, when I step back and think about it logically, I realize the stream of consciousness isn't really that important.  I have a to-do list and never really forget the important things anyway.    But in the moment, that "what was I just thinking about" feeling is so incredibly powerful, it completely depletes my motivation for anything and everything.  All consuming.  It's been happening to me for years, and was originally why I sought help in the first place and was subsequently diagnosed with ADD just over a year ago.   Whenever a thought does pop back into my head, it's always something trivial. "Oh, I was thinking of a quote from a movie," or "oh yeah, I was going to see if new socks are on sale."    So... sound familiar?  Does this happen to anyone else?
