516bdf77f4df90d05693020ab6a73b55c172724cb85444cf419b9de1a052a946;;;I need serious help regarding university.;;;Hi there. This is long, but I really need some guidance please.   I am graduating late...  I am trying to get a regular honours degree (4 years).  I transferred to a university and in the 3 year program. The three year has less options for (grad school, professional school, government jobs).  I realized I have ADHD (diagnosed last Christmas) and was undergoing treatment for anxiety before.  I now take medication for ADHD sparingly.  I hate university.  I was pretty smart... at least I did well in school up until university. Some issues in grade 10, but resolved (with non IB courses) in the rest of high school.  I have changed my major, did not complete a lot of courses, petitioned for late removal of courses I did not complete, etc, etc.  I wanted to finish AT LEAST with a reasonable GPA.  Looking to be very hard to do.  I may just apply to graduate and be done with it, 4-5 courses shy of the honours degree. Even if I finished all those courses, I may be .2 off or so in terms of getting the four year degree.  Should I just bite the bullet and finish with what I can.  This is a really hard situation. My student dean said he has never seen a situation quite like mine (FML).   I am in Economics. I want to get into sales and pursue some creative interests as well as maybe, just maybe, some day get into law school. That seems quite a long shot, and may require a second undergrad/ lots of work experience to distance myself from undergrad.  Then again I suffered a lot in school.  I know I can stop putting some other very important goals on hold, if and only if I get out of school.  My school has screwed me over repeatedly. For instance my advisor told me to take one course to replace a failed course, that I retook and passed (but no credit was awarded), and it turned out that course DID NOT COUNT TOWARDS my program.  I then, was unable to take anymore courses till like 6 months later, due to finishing all the credits I needed as per transferring.  Any help?  I reluctantly take medictation: dexedrine. I took other stuff but it caused my hair to shed.  I have a psychologist and a psychiatrist (I only really see for medication and some letters here and there).  Are there options for a three year grad in Canada?  Can I upgrade my schooling down the line.  I am not unintelligent, but I am very bad at time management, I hyperfocus, get stuck in majors I am ill-equipped for.  I need to get better at math... but, likely won't until after school. Short of flying someone over here and having them teach me Economics from the ground up, I don't think I can ace 4-5 econ courses in a row.  Any advice is appreciated.  Thanks.   TL;DR: -I have had untreated ADHD for like 25 years.  -I got the diagnosis last year.  -I screwed up at my new school a few years ago. Did not complete courses.  -Got straight and resat all courses, and petitioned off many, increased my GPA.  -I do ok at times, but still mess up.  -I have doubts of being able to excel at 5 more courses or so in 4th year Economics....   I still don't understand a lot of things. I get it qualitatively especially some courses like finance courses,  but I get stuck on questions and have not found great tutoring. I can get questioned answered and practice from there sometimes, but it is often too little too late.   -I cannot afford to spend more time at school. It is killing me.  -I need to get out. And I want to on a HIGH note... showing improvement.  -I was considering taking some psychology courses in summer AND then applying to graduate with better grades.  -Are there options for a three-year bachelor's holder? To upgrade or to do technical school, in Canada. Thanks
