5190544eb62e978b93f95bacbe105f619bf102b722a4ff44a6331634ddccf416;;;[Rant] Im fed up, pissed off, and kind of depressed.;;;So, im kind of fed up with a few things. First of all is switching medicines. I have gone through so many medicines so far, and ive lost track tbh. They all either dont work, have TERRIBLE side effects, or just suck in general. Right now im on strattera and it makes me feel nauseas, depressed, CONSTANTLY tired, and has stopped working. Im doing terrible in school, and my parents are pissed. Im failing one class, because it was virtual high school (on my own time, online class; Terrible choice for being ADHD) and the system doesnt work out for me. Other than that im getting B's and C's in my classes, and my parents are like "your too smart for this" and telling me "I understand what its like to be ADHD you just have to focus and youll do great in school, i think i had adhd when i was a kid," and no matter how hard i try i cant seem to convince them that its not as easy as "just focusing." Thats like telling someone with narcolepsy to JUST NOT FALL ASLEEP. IT DOESNT WORK THAT WAY. Anyway, they took away all electronics for me which means im not allowed on  my phone, pc, TV, netflix,etc. So im sneaking on here just because i was feeling fed up, depressed, and needed to vent my feelings. I wish i had someone i could talk to who would honestly listen, understand, and just help me through this. Dont get me wrong, i have some great friends, its just that A. they dont understand what its like for me and B. i feel like they would judge me.   School is getting to be pretty depressing for me because for some reason i feel like i JUST CANT FOCUS ON ANYTHING. I often feel unmotivated when it comes to schoolwork, and cant do it.   Luckily it doesnt effect my job, although i love what i do, so thats part of it (if anyone is curious im a small engine mechanic/electric vehicle repair, i fix motorcycles, generators, lawn mowers, those electric razor scooters, electric weed wackers, etc.) but still.   Do any of you guys just suddenly feel depressed and wish you had someone to talk to about it?   Anyway, thats pretty much it for my rant. I am feeling a bit better now that i got that all out, but no clue how long thats going to last  TL;DR: my ADHD really shows in this post, i rant about countless things, and there is no way to understand without reading my entire post  EDIT: My adhd showing again - i completely forgot about this part: I feel tired all the time. I could get 15 hours of sleep, and STILL FEEL GODDAMN TIRED AND IT PISSES ME OFF. Sometimes i just REALLY wish i could be normal.   EDIT 2: I sometimes just feel like my brain needs an off switch. It really just keeps going. And whenever my parents get into a serious discussion with me (usually them yelling at me over grades) i will start fidgeting with something. I always fidget, but when im nervous or upset, i tend to fidget a LOT. They will yell at me for it (usually my dad). I never even realize im doing it, its all subconcious. Anyway, it just feels like my brain is always on, im always thinking about something, and its really really overwhelming. I need a mental break. I never did drugs, but often i can see the appeal of pot.   I always need to be doing something too; Ive recently discovered audiobooks and absolutely love them. My parents think im like addicted to my phone, but really it is more like its something i can do. Most of the time id rather be doing something with my friends or flying RC aircraft, but its winter, and 3 of my good friends are hermits, and the other 2 have full time jobs, and when they arent working, chances are i am. So on my free time ill watch youtube or something, or even just listen to music or an audiobook, and my parents will yell at me for it, saying im on my phone too often, but they just dont/wont understand.   Edit 3: Also, i think i piss a lot of people off. Especially in school. I feel like i try too hard to be funny, make stupidass jokes, and ive literally had people tell me in class "you just need to shut the fuck up" and often ill say something, then later think to my self "why the fuck did i say that?"
5190544eb62e978b93f95bacbe105f619bf102b722a4ff44a6331634ddccf416;;;My first job has been going great!;;;Oh i just realized. On the 29th i will have had my job for 6 months :smile: i have so far earned over $1,500 (keep in mind im a 16 year old high school student working part time) and more than half of that is saved in my bank account never to be touched again :D (hey, thats like $900 towards my college funds) and it honestly feels great to have a job &amp; my own money to spend.  For those of you wondering, i work as a small engine mechanic at a local bicycle/moped/small engine repair shop. I mainly fix electric stuff, such as electric Razor scooters, Electric bicycles, Electric go-karts, electric lawn tools, etc., but i also work on a decent amount of engines too. My favorite thing I've worked on is a 1972 Yamaha AT1 125CC 2-Stroke enduro, i just love classic bikes, and im a big Yamaha fan too.   Im making over minimum wage, and the best part? My boss is pretty lenient about when i come in to work; He doesnt get angry if im late, or if i ever have to skip a day, so long as i let him know - PERFECT for someone with ADHD.  I think the reason im doing so well is because im doing something i love. I have always been into taking things apart and fixing things. I grew up in a mechanic family, and enjoy working on things. So, its all going great :D
5190544eb62e978b93f95bacbe105f619bf102b722a4ff44a6331634ddccf416;;;Im failing english...;;;Im currently failing english because I didn't write this stupid Gothic Story. I cant do creative writing for the life of me, and the fact that it has to be Gothic is the cherrybomb on top.  And I _wanted_ to talk to my teacher about it, but sometimes i just cant figure out how to go to the teacher and talk about it or i just forget. Fuck my life. Now they called my mom, and shes taking away my phone and computer, and making me feel terrible about myself again. Im fucking tired of this.
