5384c162e1cd9efef0843fc9cbb19f3c4f2e0b951bb9f456958cd6548679ef59;;;How can I get my boyfriend to consider medication for his ADHD?;;;r/ADHD, I'm at a loss and I could really use some input from people who can offer an insider perspective on ADHD. I'm sorry in advance that this is so long. I have tried to edit as much as possible!   My boyfriend is a wonderful guy and I love him very much. He's creative, intelligent, silly and is always finding new ways to show me that he loves me and that he's committed to us. We're totally a team and I feel so lucky to have found him. We've been together for a year and half and moved in together three months ago.   He has ADHD. He was diagnosed as a child and his mom made efforts to control it through homeopathic means. Diet, exercise, herbal supplements -- even acupuncture (on a hyperactive six year old, can you imagine?)! He has never tried medication. I think it's an option that should be explored. He insists that this is his "journey" and that he wants to deal with it in the way that he wants to. I totally respect that he is an autonomous individual who makes his own decisions, but I've also tried to explain to him that this problem isn't his fault, that it's biological, and that there are lots of tools out there to help him, but he views his "struggle" as more of a spiritual one. But now that we live together, his decisions affect my life much more.   My honey smokes a LOT of pot and I believe he's self medicating. I definitely enjoy partaking but he sprints through bowl after bowl of weed like it's nothing. Lately he's also taken to sprinkling nuggets of hash on top too. It seems like he's just trying to knock himself out and he has trouble controlling his impulses to smoke more. I've asked for smoke-free weeks so we can enjoy it more on the weekends, which was fun while it lasted. Weekends can also get lost to pot binges and that makes me really sad. I want to try new things and explore the world with him, but I feel that he can't enjoy these things without being high. Sometimes I end up just leaving the apartment and doing my own thing while he smokes himself into oblivion, but I miss him the whole time. He's also guzzling coffee and energy drinks and I worry about how he's inundating his system with chemicals.    Smoking that much pot gets expensive and he isn't the best at managing his money, even without that extra expense. This means that lots of expenses fall to me. Anything we need for our apartment, I have to buy. I've bought all our furniture, our kitchen things, our electronics, our bedding, towels, cleaning supplies. I also buy him clothes that are appropriate for work because he can't do that for himself right now. I make more money so it's not a huge problem, but he could contribute if he wasn't spending 30% of his income on weed. I also end up having to loan him money and that makes both of us uncomfortable. He recently borrowed my car and broke the windshield when he threw his cell phone on the dash. He says that it's his responsibility and he wants to fix it -- I know he has the best of intentions -- but it's been two months and I'm still driving around with a cracked windshield because he keeps spending his money on pot. I understand it's not his fault, but it's hard to remember to be patient all the time.   There are other things too. He's a touch oriented guy and will often grab/touch me in intimate areas without thinking. I've told him over and over again that it makes me feel uncomfortable, but I think it's another impulse control thing. He can also just get wrapped up in his own head and go on and on and on about his day without asking me about mine. He fidgets or taps his foot all the time, audibly grinds his teeth every night (bruxism), he interrupts others while talking, and the list goes on. I know it's ADHD and I try not to take any of it personally. From what I've learned about ADHD, his case is pretty severe.    I feel like some of these problems could be helped by a low dosage of maybe Vynase or Concerta, but he insists that he needs more time to sort himself out on his own. I've tried really hard to be supportive. I've shifted our diet so we're eating very little sugar and carbohydrates, I've tried to involve him in exercise (he quit the gym less than a month after I got him to join mine), and I bought him Focus Factor hoping that'd help but he stopped taking it. I don't think he realizes that his problem is affecting me so much, and I'm wondering when enough is enough. I would never force him into medicating himself, but his reluctance to try something that may help these issues is turning me off. He's so, so brilliant and I think he could be really successful if he got some of this stuff under control, whereas now he is struggling to get by. I love him and I want to see him reach his full potential.   As we get closer and I spend more time thinking about whether or not he'll end up as my life partner, I get worried. I couldn't make that commitment to him without knowing that these things will improve and I'm worried that they won't without the help of medication. I know he thinks it's within his power to tackle ADHD without it, but I'm not convinced yet. How can I get through to him that he is hurting me with his methods? Is there a way that I can get him to try medication? Are there any low-dosage suggestions or other homeopathic methods that we can consider? Should I give him more time to do it his way? Am I excusing too much bad behavior? Or am I being too tough? I love him and I don't want to hurt him, but I can't keep going like this without at least the promise of change in the future. Any advice, guys? I'd be so, so grateful.   **TLDR:** My patience is waning while my boyfriend tries to independently solve his ADHD issues. I'd like him to consider medication, but he is reticent. I love him but I need help.
