53c4c7d592397cb5ff3287c434a44968a82925018dc44da410a14a77306fb0f5;;;Diagnosis getting wonky [bit of a rant].;;;Hey there!  I've been lurking here and even posting a bit for a few weeks already, and I've mentioned that I was in the process of getting diagnosed for my (possible) ADHD. I guess it wasn't as easy as it sounded, even after my first visit to the neurologist, so excuse my little rant.  To **tl;dr** it a bit, they keep asking me to go (pay) for more tests, and the more I go, the more confused they seem to be as to what's wrong with me. My mother (who also has ADHD) and I are starting to think that some of the people in the clinic are not too knowledgeable about ADHD, but I feel kinda bad from making that judgement... and I also fear that I'm subconsciously trying to get the "easy" solution (medication) asumming that I got ADHD instead of what might be the right thing for me in reality (maybe therapy).  So, I've been wondering about having ADHD for a couple years already. I've always been a bad student, never, ever, as far as my memory can reach, I've been able to study for long spans of time. I've managed to get by thanks to a very supportive and pushy mother, and being able to learn all the crap I had to in the last day before finals. As it's common in these cases, I hit the college wall. At first I simply didn't care much. I guess I was still a bit inmature. But later, after living on my own for some years and growing up a bit, I started to worry about it.  My red flags started to raise when my inability to concentrate creeped into my hobbies. I've been unable to draw for over an hour since I started college, I though this was because I was getting bored of it due to my career (arts) turning pleasure into duty, but this started happening as well with playing videogames, and finally, with reading. If I do have ADHD, reading is my hyperfocus. I've read to exhaustion more times that I can remember. Me reading a book is picking it from beginning to end, and if it has 1200 pages, then I will read the shit out of it until my eyeballs melt. And having an e-book, this got to the alarming point in which I just can't stop reading until I finish a *series*. I've read Harry Potter, The Lord of the Rings, The Dresden Files and The Hollows one after another many times already. To put the icing on top, I love re-reading books, so sometimes as soon as I get to the end I just turn it over and start again.  So I though that it might be normal to be a useless lazy asshole who doesn't want to study (as shameful as it was to admit), but being such with *playing fucking games* was a tad too much, so I asked my mom for help and we got a date for the neurologist.  After seeing me, the doctor told me he thought that I was ADHD *and* intellectually gifted, which would explain my ability to save my studies in the last minute and the fact that I wasn't "caught" with either condition earlier, since they kinda cancel out in the most important part. He got me prepped for a test for ADHD in which in theory it would be seen if I had some "superior" aptitudes. Did that test (can get into details about them if anybody is interested) and waited for the results. I had finals in the meantime, and I found this place as well, so I wouldn't get those results until almost after a month. So I left for them and I've been reading here ever since.  Here, I've found people that are so much like me that is almost scary. I've noticed stuff that I've been doing all my life that I would have never thought about which might be caused by ADHD, in fact, I would say that I'm textbook ADHD, and meaning that I've even gotten an ADHD textbook from my mom and it's like reading my biography. My mother is also a pediatrician, so you can imagine that she's seen plenty of kids with ADHD and some carrying it out up until puberty. She's been researching this stuff for a while now, suspecting I had it as well, but not sure about it because of my reasonably good grades at the time. On top of that, she's also gifted and ADHD as well, only that she's *so gifted* that she was able to do the "late minute save" trick with the freaking medical career. And she's also a very good doctor, since that's her hyperfocus.   So, I was almost convinced I had ADHD. I even changed my flair because it seemed so clear... Then I got to the neurologist again.  Apparently, I *am* mentally gifted. The doctor told me that my concentration seemed pretty normal, some aptitudes above the norm, so he wasn't *too sure* at that point if I did have ADHD. He said that he still wanted to try medication and see how it helped me, since it's clear I got something anyways, but to make sure it wasn't some mental issue that might be worsened with the stimulants, he got me a date with the psychiatrist. The doctor who tested me for ADHD also wanted to give me an IQ test. So I got both dates for the next day, did the test and talked with the other guy about my life.  The doctor who did the tests, a neuropsychologist, seems pretty convinced that I *don't* have ADHD, but I didn't get into details with her. After talking with the psychiatrist, he seems unconvinced as well. To this one, I asked many questions in the end. I mentioned that I had been checking the development of many people with ADHD (you guys) that seemed to match me as if we were clones, but he said that the lack of concentration skills might be due to personality development issues (which is possible, of course, he's the doctor), and that the recent lack of motivation for hobbies come from changes in my life (breaking up with girl, moving back home).  The thing that got me a bit worried about his knowledge over ADHD came when I also mentioned how I was unable to study but able to save some of the info when under pressure, and due to my giftedness, that be enough to pass. He said that if I had ADHD, even if I was gifted, I would be entirely unable to memorize crap. He said that ADHD people usually learn late to read and talk, and that got me a bit annoyed, since he put it like ADHD people would always turn out to be almost analphabet ignorants, even if they were very smart. He says that my ability to study under pressure is not ADHD. I also told him that while I'm still capable of reading like there's no tomorrow, I seem to put it always for later, using the "I need to be sure I do have 16 hours free to read" excuse. He says that this isn't ADHD either, and that my problem is simply that I subconsciously refuse to put any effort on stuff that isn't interesting to me, and that I'm "growing out" of videogames.  He seemed excesively focused on his "life changes causing lack of interest" theory, and it gave me a bit of an impression that he didn't care too much about the fact that I had told him that half of those things had happened way before those changes. He also put lots of emphasis on things that I hadn't really cared much for, like the fact that I came back home after some years studying away from home. He issued another test, a personality test with the neuropsychologist again, for later in the month, and I'm currently waiting for that.  My mother calls bullshit on all he said. She said that she's seen plenty of kids with ADHD that disproves half of that he said, and that knowing I'm gifted, it matches me as well almost perfectly. She says that the psychiatrist and psychologist seem to be trying to shove me into their respective specialities without too much knowledge over ADHD, which is a neurologic aliment. Sometimes we think that they're trying to milk money out of us as well, but the neurologist himself does see me for free ever since my mom let go that she's a doctor as well. She's even said that knowing that I'm gifted and that I don't have any psychiatric issue to explain any irregularity, she'd be willing to prescribe the treatment to me herself, since she's a doctor as well and has done it to other kids before, but she wants to wait until the three dudes reach a conclusion, whatever that is. In the meantime, I'm into my 5th date, with at least three more in the future, and paying a crapton of money everytime I go.  I'm starting to lose hope, and all the freaking awesome feeling of knowing how everything made sense that I was carrying for the last weeks is fading. I'm afraid that I'm trying to rationalize myself into ADHD because I want the easy way out, getting the magic pill that will automatically buff my mind, instead of the long, painful and bothersome process of therapy that I might need. I'm afraid of blaming my doctors instead of myself... because I've always blamed myself, and when I've started not to, it seems that it comes back to me. I don't want it to be a personality flaw, because it means I *am* a useless lazy asshole, and even though I've read dozens and dozens of things that point out to me having ADHD, even though I've read tons of tales about doctors being wrong, my insecurities are coming back.  Sigh. Sorry for the extra long wall of text. It's funny how easily we make these but we can't bother reading them, isn't it? Kudos to anybody who gets here, lol.
