53fba157ef6c476daa722d6f665b4a40dd084d5e3be0c7f128a43a19c8c2a849;;;Dealing with ADHD;;;For a long time i would blame my failures on my ADHD. I'm not taking away from the fact that it is a disability but i also see it as a severe lack of motivation. For years i would be lazy and hyper focus on the wrong things. For a lot of us we may be going down routes were not supposed to, hence a severe lack of motivation to get anything done in the field were in. Recently I've managed to light the fire in me and started getting things done. What I did along with taking my medication for it was change my mindset. I dropped a class because it was too difficult and instead of wasting the rest of my summer away playing video games which are my total weakness is i have taken up programming. I've got it drilled into my head that computer science is what i want to do and now being on the verge of failing out of school it's what i have to do. I've never wanted anything more than to succeed in this and with that said I've started busting my ass and it's helped significantly with my motivation. Some days lets face it, i really don't think there's much you can do to get motivated but other days when you are I encourage you to try your hardest at it. As for finding the right field for yourself. A little about me last year i had an municipal engineering internship. I was motivated to do well at first but it was the most boring thing in the world and it was easy to get distracted from. On top of that it wasn't paid so my motivation was next to nothing. After three months i was let go and i hardly regret anything from that experience. What i learned from it is i will never accomplish anything with out the proper motivation. Now I'm doing something completely different, I'm in commision based sales at a retail store. On average i'm probably making minimum wage but there's just something about having very relaxed managers who basically say, "We don't care what you do. Just make us money and make yourself money." For whatever reason I'm highly motivated and i work my ass off for minimum wage sales, loving every second of it. I'm not behind a desk, i get to be on my feet and talk to people, make friends and make money in the process. For me it's an extroverted adrenaline rush of get fired or make bank. Now what I've done is i'm taking that motivation and setting my goals on the far future. If i graduate with a computer science degree i could be making 60k a year!! And let me tell you thinking about that and actually wanting it has turned my lazy work ethic around. It's all about figuring out ways to lighting that fire underneath you. I really hope this helps some of you. I'll try to answer any questions in a timely manner. Sorry if this was super scatter brained :(
