541b78abc0d6f21a1abce59711fbc64a0a46c21f354cf3adb5dc2e3c88249b4b;;;Trouble with Daytrana availability;;;Hey all,  I've been on Daytrana about 4 months. It is great. I had been on regular short acting methylphenidate for years and I had no idea what I was missing out on until I switched to Daytrana. It's much smoother, I don't have to deal with peaks and valleys. Also I was always forgetting to take my 2nd does so one patch all day is great.   The problem is is it super hard to get ahold of. My first month I guess I was lucky. The pharmacy had to order it but they had it in 3 days.  But these other months have been awful. Pharmacies have been saying they ordered it and then after a week on not hearing anything i check in and they tell me there was a supply issue and to try elsewhere because they can't estimate when it will arrive. Sometimes I've gotten lucky and a pharmacist has been able to locate the one store in my area with it in stock and I've zipped over there to obtain it. But most pharmacies are telling me they cant do a lookup and even within the same store I am sometimes told they cant look it up even though It's previously been looked up there. And even if they do look it up sometimes the info is out of date.  I live in manhattan. So I'm not in the middle of no where and the amount of pharmacies within walking distance of my apartment is huge. The problem is no one carries it and finding one with it in stock is not easy.  I work a ton and really just don't have time to do this each month. I tried getting a prescription for 3 months which my psychiatrist was able to do even thought it's controlled by using a special code. But my insurance only was able to cover one month at a time so i had to fill it for only one month, because this stuff is list price about $200 a box so I can't afford to pay an extra $400 out of pocket. Also finding a pharmacy with 3 boxes is a likely as finding a unicorn.  Ive been bouncing around between pharmacies this month. Things are worse this time because I went out of town for a week on business. So now I'm remaining with 3 patches left and it's dropped off at a pharmacy who says they cant even know if they'll have it until a week from now (and chances are they won't have it in a week). I've tried calling the daytrana locator line and I've not found them to be responsive or helpful.  I'm at a loss of what to do. This is the most helpful ADHD drug I've used, but I can't go through this stress of thinking I'm going to run out each month or spending this much time on locating the drug.  I have trouble swallowing pills. I can take pills which can be put in food, but can't take any extended release type pills because those can not be crushed. Please don't lecture me about your pill taking methods because trust me I've tried everything. I'm sick of vomiting while trying (and failing) to take a pill so I just can't deal with extended release pills. So this means if I want an extended release med a patch is the way to go.   Has anyone else had this kind of trouble with daytrana? Have you figured out a solution for dealing with it? I have short acting methylphenidate so I won't be medicine less when I run out, but I've gotten so used to how much better daytrana is that the regular methylphenidate is kind of frustrating now.  As far as I can tell daytrana is my only option for patch. My pdoc is pretty flexible about things and I work in a related field so he tends to be receptive to suggestions I have about med changes. Daytrana was actually my idea, he didn't know it existed. There's no other alternative out there though that meets my need to XR and non-pill though right?
