549321900e0303da939ee1a9b0049ce8508f0ff2572ae081a5d90866326aea1c;;;Anyone ever have a problem with differing psychiatrists at the same practice?;;;Hey /r/adhd,  About a month ago I was prescribed vyvanse 40 mg with a short acting 10 mg adderall to supplement as needed. This was written by a psychiatrists who really listened to my story, all my needs, and decided based on past medication history and the way I was describing things, that this dosage would be perfect.  And what do you know, she was right.  I set up a follow up appt for today to gauge how the medicine was going, but due to a scheduling error by the practice, I had to meet with another psychiatrists.  He did not ask me anything about my previous history before the medication, did not bother asking informative questions, and was generally cold and off putting. He simply said "She should not have started you on 40 mg. Standard practice says we start you on 20, so i am going to reduce your dosage"  I immediately went on the defensive, and said that it had been working well, I was doing better in school, could think clearly, etc. He wasn't having it. It took me a good chunk of time to huff and puff until he agreed to write the script for 40. He gave it to me and said thanks, and went back to his computer. If I wasn't on top of these medications and how I was doing, I would've completely missed it.  "Uh, what about my adderall prescription?" "Well it's not a good idea to take two medications at one time" "I don't take them together, I take them apart when the vyvanse wears off to do homework and other things at the end of the day" "Well, I guess that's alright then."  He did not listen to me until I forced him to, and even then was completely rude about it and did not take anything into context.  I asked that I only see my first doc in the future. It really got me upset because I have a lot riding on my medication, as you all know. That he was so ready to just completely diminish it, reasoning that we should "go by 'the book'" got me upset.   Does anyone have any experience with this?
