554cc09705331eeba000770752fa83091667794481db521bf5ed6422048a8f9c;;;Fourth med attempt with the same results. Frustrated and hoping I can find something that works.;;;Hi everyone,  I am posting on my alt as I think my boss at work knows my main account.   I have ADHD-PI, PTSD, and some form of Anxiety. I was diagnosed with ADHD-PI at age 20 and had a rough time growing up both due to undiagnosed ADHD as well as other psychological factors.  My first med was straterra - I did not notice a difference at all and experienced considerable mood issues. Discontinued before 2 months  Next was Ritalin - this had a much brighter effect for the first few weeks and then I started to experience the mood issues and inability to sleep. I had to stop it by the end of the second month because my warm, bubbly personality had turned into a sour and negative one. I also was not sleeping and that just piled onto the madness.   Next was Vyvanse - significant mood issues within the first month and I discontinued it due to the intensity of the side effects. Also did not sleep after the first couple weeks.  There was about a year lull between Vyvanse and my next attempt at medication. I was jaded by my experiences and unwilling to deal with the side effects. My job performance suffered as did my personal life. I used caffeine and green tea extract to manage it and found some decent peace.   I just recently went on Adderall XR with my new psych. We started at 20mg. I am still on that dosage and I will list what I am feeling and the side effects. I am heavily considering the discontinuation of it this weekend.   - insomnia within a few weeks. Frequently staying up to 1am when I need to be up at 7 for work. This has not stopped. Physical exercise does not bring it back under control. I can lay in bed for hours and not fall asleep.  - very light sleeping. I cannot get a deep enough sleep to wake up feeling refreshed. I am naturally a very heavy sleeper. Now, I wake up to every noise, vibration, snore of my SO, everything. This is an issue I experience when I am dealing with PTSD-related symptoms. - enhanced brain fog. I feel like my brain has been put in a very small box after the first few weeks. I cannot access the creativity (I write) and I have lost interest in other hobbies I love. I don't really have a desire to do anything. - enhanced hyper focus. I struggle to eat. I can have the food sitting in front of me at work but just keep saying "I will eat in a minute". Then an hour later I haven't. This was not an issue for the first few weeks.  - ability to focus is worse. I find myself hopping between things more with the occasional entire work day long hyperfocus. I go between being extremely effective at work (finishing multiple projects in a day) to taking a week to finish one project.  - mood is awful now. I have withdrawn into my bubble of safety (built over many years thanks to PTSD) and am keeping everyone else out. I don't want to socialize and am avoiding taking care of errands because I want to be at home. - symptoms of depression without the feeling of depression (having struggled with depression growing up, I don't have the chasm of sadness inside. just everything else that normally comes with depression). The lack of motivation and general unwillingness to do things I never minded before.  - view of others turning very pessimistic / misanthropic.  - every aspect of my organization has gone to shit. for the first couple weeks on Adderall XR I was organizing and cleaning without trouble. It was a huge improvement over the norm and made me extremely happy because I felt normal. Now, I am in a worse position than I am when unmedicated. Nothing bugs me any more, even things that always bugged me. - Paranoia is increased. I have PTSD relating to events in my childhood. I am always hyper-vigilant but am actively working on it in therapy and self awareness. I am much better than I was a couple years ago. That is until the last few weeks. I go to work and I come home. I don't like being at anywhere other than these two places.  - my time management has gotten worse. I am not sure how this was even possible... But it is.  With all of the stimulant meds I have tried, the initial 2-3 weeks was good. This is the same thing that happened with Ritalin and Vyvanse (although it was only about 2 weeks).   It is deja-vu. The third stimulant ADHD med to cause very similar side effects after the initial 2-3 weeks.   Has anyone else experienced anything like this? I much prefer the goofy and mentally disorganized person I am off meds than whatever it is that these meds turn me into. I feel more normal without medication than I do when I am on them.   I am going to attempt to schedule an appointment with my psych sooner than my next one. Her schedule is jam packed and I may have to wait until my next appointment in March.
