5569fd581d552d82370330bed2c42f505e08002be3a7270a196537492adaddf8;;;So who else did like 800 completely unrelated extra-curricular activities while growing up?;;;I've been spending an unholy amount of time on this subreddit ever since discovering it but honestly I've been having the best time; it's been both fascinating and validating to see everyone's different (and similar) experiences with ADHD.  **So in the spirit of sharing our experiences, my question for you all is: what extra-curricular activities did you participate in while growing up?**   I'm curious because, when I was discussing the possibility of having ADHD with my mom just before I was diagnosed, she mentioned that she always thought something was odd about the sheer number of extra-curricular stuff I did, because normal kids didn't have nearly as many interests or as packed of a schedule as I did (and, worth noting, my parents never forced me to do any of them). Personally, there were just a lot of things I wanted to try because they looked fun, and as a kid the only way I knew how to try things was to join a class or group for it outside of school.   As a side note I think this is part of why I didn't get diagnosed until about a month ago (I'm 23) - my life was so scheduled between school and extra-curriculars that it probably made me look like I was a high-functioning human being even though I was mostly doing everything because, well, it was scheduled, I *had* to show up, right? I never did anything in my spare time and I had absolute shit work ethic in school but I could get away with it because I had very little spare time to begin with and grade school was easy for me. University was just way too hard though; I felt like I didn't have enough time to work on assignments for the first time in my life (turns out I mostly did well in grade school because I actually had time in class to do homework, unlike in uni), so I started dropping activities, and then the number of courses I was taking per semester, but none of it helped my stress at all. The more spare time that came into my life, the more I ended up wasting all of it away, until finally I started suspecting something was actually wrong with me and started researching ADHD.  Anyways, in case anyone's curious, my current extra-curriculars are piano and accordion lessons (I've been in piano since I was 5, accordion since I was 15), accordion orchestra (yes, you read that correctly), dance classes (since I was 10) and a weekly video game league (for the past 2 years), and I ran a game club at my university this year. Oh and I have a part-time job.   To me, this feels like almost nothing - before I got to university, I was also in my high school marching band for 4 years (for context - where I live, high school is 3 years. I was given special permission to join the marching band while I was still attending junior high at a completely different school). I played field hockey on my high school team for 3 years as well. In junior high, I was on almost every sports team (each team runs at a different time of year so they dont conflict with each other, but I spent most of each year with practices morning and night), plus I was doing dance competitions almost monthly on top of classes twice a week (+ piano/accordion lessons). In elementary, I sang in the youth choir at my church, and did a year of tap dance before I switched to Highland dance.  And never forget 2014, when I was working 4 part-time jobs at the same time while in school even though I didn't strictly need to..... I also volunteer at the local comic expo every year.  I'm 100% sure I'm forgetting a few things tbh but yeah.....   **tl;dr:** I'm infamous among people who know me irl for being That Person With Too Many Hobbies and I was curious as to who else has also had that experience!  (small edits for wording)
