5646a13c6020b7ddd790cce8e586b4223985ad702119f611f827e03509973d32;;;Thoughts on differences between Inattentive and Hyperactive ADHD;;;Just over a year ago I was diagnosed with ADHD-PI ("primarily inattentive"). I was 31. The "inattentive" designation puzzled me because it didn't *seem* like ADHD, but it also explained why I went undiagnosed for so long. Since being diagnosed I've understood my brain better and better but struggled initially to relate to the stereotypical "hyperactivity/impulsivity" that gets attached so often to ADHD. Dr. Russell Barkley, a leading researcher on ADHD, maintains that ADHD shouldn't be thought of in terms of subtypes. I believe that as well, particularly since the hyperactivity of adults with ADHD looks drastically different than it does in children. It's more internalized, which is consistent with the inattentive designation.    Personally, I think these subtypes are better understood as expressions. As an example, though I carry the label "inattentive" I'm still hyper/impulsive deep down, as I'm always doing something "productive" even when I could and should be relaxing.   At its core, though, what do you think makes the difference between these subtypes or expressions?    I'm working mostly off lectures by Dr. Barkley and what I've read here, but it seems inattentive ADHD'ers describe their lives before treatment as "being in a fog." And while Barkley explains that children with ADHD lack the ability to self-soothe, I found that cloudy world of thoughts relaxing. Perhaps the difference between these subtypes/expressions is whether or not someone can self-soothe? As a kid I read a lot and was pretty daydreamy. I can imagine this as a way of dealing with a broken dopamine system. When a task didn't grab my brain's attention I went into that inner world of thoughts – problem solved.    Is this typical for those with the inattentive subtype? What's it like for those with the hyperactive subtype?   TL;DR:   ADHD subtypes – are they explained better as *expressions* than a specific type of ADHD? And what do you think causes these differences on a neurological level?
