5726ae8de3635b060c9a319c47a361a687b7a0541cdaddac975df8dd821780df;;;Taste in Music (or comedy etc);;;Hey, definitely don't think these things are down to ADHD particularly but just curious if there's much correlation  In terms of music and comedy and such, I tend to find myself quite different to most people. I dont like the majority of comedy and consider a 'good' sense of humour to be refined rather than liking everything. I very rarely laugh when I find a TV show funny. I tend to prefer situational humour in cartoons.  With both music and comedy, I tend to like them based on whether I agree with the lyrics/words, whether I think it is 'clever' or whether it is 'technically good'. I used to like metal, but mostly because I felt like it took the most effort... similar to classical. I was appreciating it in quite an abstract way. As such I really enjoy genre mixes too.   But as for that natural feeling a lot of people get with music or comedy where they cant help what they like, and relate to things... notsomuch. took me AAAGES to relate to stuff which was 'silly love songs' or very 'down to earth'. i had to be on various drugs to understand most dance music. music rarely ever reminded of a situation or person, unless the lyrics were very descriptive of an exact thing.  The music that my body does really go towards is stuff that I HAVE to pay attention to. quite loud stuff, quite fast stuff, stuff which hits a certain pitch. like breakcore, or babymetal, or even aqua, or just stuff that goes DUNDUNDUN on my head and takes over and you can only mime or move along. often a lot of friends cant stand the things i would listen to in a music session, even if they have 'eclectic' music tastes. they might find one of the bands clever, but they dont really see what links them together except for the ones where i simply agreed with the lyrics  i really struggle with soft music. i like plenty, but i find it 'boring'. its 'background music' and whilst i can find stuff I like, when someone wants to show me their music I get bored and tune out because I cant listen to this kind of music without doing something to entertain myself  on the other hand, with the (lyrical) kind of music i like, or headphones, i am incapable of doing something alongside like studying, or having a conversation. though the very fast bassy stuff can be good for housework.  how about you guys? anything 'weird' about your music taste?
