58d7526daf1128b64392e76e672122b6f843cba05b489047cad1966ece455587;;;Is it possible to have a 3.7 psychology concentration GPA, 2.1 economics concentration GPA, *and* ADHD? My doctor doesn't think so.;;;I have a feeling my doctor doesn't believe that I really have ADHD, despite the fact that I was diagnosed with ADHD-PI by a psychologist. Why? She cites my 3.7 GPA average for my psychology courses (at a top 30 US university) as evidence against that and blames my 2.0 average for my economics, neuroscience, and chemistry courses on me not being "interested enough." She thinks that my 3.9 GPA in high school is evidence against my diagnosis. She also thinks that the main problem I have is anxiety and difficulty coping with imperfection.  My side of things? Sure, I have a stellar GPA from high school. But you know how much I studied for each test and final exam? Literally maximum of 2 hours, if that. I coasted through high school, sometimes not even studying for math and physics exams because it just "made sense" to me and I would figure things out as I took the test. I read through powerpoints *one* time, and that was all I ever needed for the most difficult tests.  Then came college. Suddenly, you couldn't pass the chemistry, economics, and neuroscience exams by studying an hour the morning of the exam. I couldn't even manage a B- in most of these more difficult courses if I studied for 3 hours a day because I completed about 20 minutes of work in those 3 hours (being serious here). I worked *so hard* for the most difficult courses, spending 5-6 hours everyday in the library 2 weeks before exams, only to spend 95% of that time staring into space daydreaming, staring at my notes daydreaming, or surfing the internet mindlessly.  I admitted to my doctor that spending over 35 hours a week in a library and failing to get more than 2 hours' worth of work done would lead me to have a little breakdown once the week was done. I don't cry everyday. I would work as diligently as I could, trying to rein in my focus for those hours. If I failed one day, no problem, I would do better the next day. I had so much resolve. But I really think that my crying for 20-30 minutes one day after 30-40 hours (in a week) of ineffective studying is not a sign of my inability to cope with hardship. I think that is an extremely *normal* response.  I have such a high psychology GPA because I've done the same for those courses as I did for my high school courses, and I've done well. Face it, psychology is a walk in the park.  My doctor thinks that because I'm so interested in psychology (I'm attempting to apply to psychology PhD programs) and not interested in other courses, that must be the reason I get a 2.0 average in literally all other courses. I don't believe this is true because I've experienced the same struggle with my psychology thesis. I know a PhD isn't going to be all fun and games, it's going to require hours of boring data coding and management and other tasks that aren't extremely amusing. There are hardly any long term goals I can attain if I want to completely ignore the "not fun" side of things.  It's so frustrating for my doctor not to believe that I have ADHD. I would like her to work on a treatment plan with the assumption that I *do* have ADHD. How do I deal with this?
