5a2ac8b16fb1282f37f99a89e0dd29d88c3201089d6b50afc0603fdf304b30df;;;What challenges are there in getting an Adderall prescription?;;;[Sorry for the length, skip ahead a couple paragraphs if you don't care for the back story]  I've never been formally diagnosed, however I have a high degree of certainty that I have ADHD-PI (possibly comorbid w/ SCT).    -- begin backstory --  The reason I have not been formally diagnosed is due to my parents. My older brother was diagnosed as a child, way back when ADD was a barely known disorder. After my parents spent a lot of money on testing he was finally prescribed ritalin and his situation improved dramatically. When my parents noticed the same behavior in me, they realized I had the same thing, and didn't want to spend money to get me tested. My Dad is a doctor, so he was able to get ritalin pretty easily. They didn't keep me on it, however, because I complained about it making me "feel weird". This was in middle school.  I'm 34 years old, and up until now I've been just dealing with it the best way I know how. I got just good enough grades to graduate with a bachelor's degree. Still, I've always struggled with it. My ex-wife had always called me a "space cadet" or "dead head". I've never been able to finish a book. I could read through 5 pages and have no idea what I've just read, even though part of my brain was actually reading. My distractions are all internal.  -- end backstory --  Anyhow, I am now self employed and recently realized I needed help when I could tell my productivity was plummeting. It always seemed like my brain was in an infinite loop and I could barely finish a project. So, last time I visited home in KS (I live in TX) my Dad wrote me a script for Adderall just to try it out. I had to fill in KS b/c I have to fill in the same state.   After being on it for 3 weeks, the difference it's made in my life is jaw-dropping. The best way I can describe it is that I just feel normal. One thing I did not expect is how it would effect my social interactions. I can actually have conversations with perfect strangers now.  Now that I'm about to run out, I'm not sure that I can keep getting prescriptions from my Dad since he's in a different state. I'm also currently searching for a new primary care doc. How can I maximize my chances of finding a doctor that will be ok with giving me a prescription?
5a2ac8b16fb1282f37f99a89e0dd29d88c3201089d6b50afc0603fdf304b30df;;;Sought out counseling/therapy, they want me to go through a "battery of tests" for $1,600-$2,200?;;;I was diagnosed by a psychologist last year, and while I didn't undergo testing he had no question in his mind that I had ADD. My mom also has ADD and is in the same boat, she was diagnosed but not formally tested. I've also seen a psychiatrist for medication and he doesn't seem to question it either.  I started the medication late last year, and that has fixed the primary problem I was having -- a foggy "blankness", like my mind was t̲r̲u̲d̲g̲i̲n̲g̲ t̲h̲r̲o̲u̲g̲h̲ m̲u̲d̲, struggling just to put a thought together. Before then I could never get motivated to do anything.  After meds, Things are noticeably better, but now I feel like I have all these new demons to deal with. I'm not managing my time well at all. I get hyper-focused on tasks that are not important, and end up wasting hours (sometimes days) on things, when I should just putting them down and moving on. I obsess over details, and over-analyze things more than I used to. I can't prioritize tasks or switch easily between them. I'm always spending too much time on things that aren't that important -- I know it's happening, but it's like a strong compulsiveness.  So, my brain has been freed from that mud and fog, but now it's as if all these other aspects of ADD are also free, and have full reign over things. I feel like the meds are a good first step to getting better, but I think I still need counseling or therapy to help me get my "new life" under control. So when I emailed these guys they sent back a very long email covering their process, along with their price estimations:  &gt;* Step 1. 30 min, Meet and Greet: Cost = Free --Answers your questions in person about the process, the costs, and our practice.  * Step 2. Initial Diagnostic Symptom Inventory - 2 hours: Cost = $325. Covered by insurance. * Step 3. Initial Diagnostic Interview: Two,1-hr sessions @ $150 and $145. Covered by insurance. * Step 4. Diagnostic Evaluation: Two to four, 1-hr sessions, the first session @ $245, and the remaining sessions @ $175. Covered by insurance. * Step 5. Neurocognitive Test Battery - $375-625. Usually covered by insurance. All patients typically benefit from some neurocognitive testing, but the tests required are usually not extensive. * Report (Optional): $325-$625 -- Cost depends on who needs the reports, e.g. a college, DARS, etc. If you prefer to avoid the costs of a written report, we can presents the results of your evaluation in a free, one-hour feedback session.   They say insurance will pay, but I doubt they will, since I'm on a self-employed plan. I have to pay 100% out of pocket to see a psychiatrist, and Adderall is $100 a bottle.  Is this even necessary or worth the cost? If not, will i be able to find *good* counselling or therapy without first shelling out a wad of cash to "prove" I have ADD?
