5d20330ac2d874c222672569907bb1a6985236753d69e3b5e7e64caa8e039689;;;My personal experience after being diagnosed, and my first couple of days on D-AMP.;;;Hi Guys,  I'm going to give a bit of a spill/background on my current sitch in the hope that maybe it can provide some sort of comparison for others that frequent this sub.      I posted in r/offmychest a while ago in a state of desperation, I guess I could call it. I wasn't in a very good place. In short, I was in a mundane and depressing cycle of (as i put it): 'Commute, work, despair, commute, gym, rinse, repeat', that was really taking a toll on my mind and sanity. The guys there were extremely supportive and opened my eyes to alot of things, which was an amazing help at a time when I had no idea what I was going to do.       Someone on that sub mentioned the possibility of ADD, so I go reading.  From someone that had never really read about any symptoms of ADD at all, I was literally floored when I read a description of the symptoms. I was reading a freaking reflection of every part of me. I sat at my desk with my hand over my mouth as this enormous wave of relief and elation came over me. I got pretty emotional in the fact that everything that I'd been feeling, (the extreme forgetfulness, constant lateness, the mind racing to different things so fast I couldn't keep up, not being able to complete a menial task without an extreme amount of difficulty, a list of simple tasks would be overwhelming, the list went on) was potentially explainable, and at that, had the potential to be overcome. For the first time in my whole life really, I felt that I could possibly achieve something.       It took me 5 months of further procrastination after posting in r/offmychest to actually see a pshyc, who confirmed I had a mild-moderate case of ADD, and that medication would improve my day to day life substantially. By this time I had also gotten a promotion at work which helped break the monotony of my previous cycle.       Today is my first day at work whilst on my D-AMP medication, and things are looking better, but not the *vast* improvement I was told I would get. I've been typing this for quite some time now and have not once branched off to look at or get distracted by anything. I haven't even been tempted to. The amount of focus and drive I feel is great. This tapers off quite quickly. That being said, I do feel that the actual level of which fluctuates quite a lot over 6-8hours. Ten minutes after typing that last paragraph and I feel almost normal again, it's quite bizarre. I feel like I'm forgetting things slightly too, I'm not 100% on the ball. Another half an hour and I might be back up again. I really hope this smooths out over time (can anyone provide info?) as it makes me quite nervous that my medication might not be working properly, or I may be pissing it out. (As a reference today I've had a Bacon &amp; Egg Roll, small amount of water and a Quick-eze which should actually help?, it's 9.30am)       DOSAGE: 10mg (2x5mg D-AMP) @ 7.10am w/no food on the drive to work. Initial effects felt @ 8am (in order of presence) -Increased sociality   -Increased alertness, able to buckle down and smash tasks one by one   -Appetite Loss   -Increased feeling of apathy, compassion, generally being a GGG.   -Jaw tightness (not clenching just tight)   -Light anxiety/chest tightness   -Constant Micro-fluctuation of symptoms intensity. Frustrating.       ADD Control: 8am after onset: 50% 9am: 30% 10.30am (now): fluctuating between 15%-30%  Phew! That took a while to get done. Sorry for the uber long post.   **TL;DR: Received elating diagnosis after becoming aware of symptoms. Moderate improvement, but not incredible. Looking for extra info pertaining to making the most of my medication.**  Thank you all.
