5d7e9fbd7ee554f607923c66dfdbbfa0fcfc71d2f48036e526379d6f755140f9;;;Advice for ADHD diagnostic;;;Background:  I am 24. I have faced video game addiction ever since I can remember. It got bad to the point where I dropped out of high school to play video games everyday. Every day, I would tell myself ok I will go to class tmr and I will just work really hard and get straight A's, but we all know that did not happen. I had to take my GED to get into community college.  First year in college, I met a girl, but we have broke up recently (Will get to that later).   Every year in college, I have applied for a full schedule of classes. However, when the semester starts 80-90% of my classes will be dropped. For the past 3 semester, I have went from full schedule class to 1 class/semester. I always get social anxiety when I go to class which ultimately leads me to drop it.  My girlfriend that recently left me has told me that I never stop playing games even though we broke up or gotten in many arguments about this issue in the past. She told me she did not feel love that I loved her. I always spent all my time in games. Which I did, about 95% of my time went to games. I want to spend time with her at night when she gets back from work, but i always want to finish some games first and before I know it, shes always asleep.   _______   Now to my real question. After we broke up, I was just surfing the web because I was bored and I began to read up about ADHD for fun because one of my friends has it. The more I read, the more I think of myself. I decided to take multiple online tests for ADHD and have scored almost full on all of them. Now I know internet/self diagnostic is not a good way to go so I want to come here to ask:  Do I need to see a psychologist (Don't even know if I can afford one?) to be diagnosed? I see my regular doctor in a clinic and not the hospital so I don't know how far they can get me. Any advice?   Did ADHD really ruin my life/relationship or am I just using this as an excuse?   TL;DR  Is it possible that I have ADHD or am I using it as an excuse for my problems? Where can I get diagnosed?
