5eb0125a518d7eb724d88dc46184721306769aa75dfc558a03701b9780816b03;;;ADD/ADHD symptoms become more apparent as you get older, but before diagnosis?;;;I self-diagnosed myself with ADD/ADHD tonight, and while I obviously am not sure if I have it, I'm pretty confident. I've checked symptoms for it from multiple websites, taken multiple quizzes and I pretty much have every single symptom. I've been reading ADDitude off-and-on since then, and I'm just becoming more and more confident that I may have finally figured out why I've been the way I am. Anyways I won't go into specifics as to why exactly I think I have this, and I will be seeking a professional diagnosis once I determine who to see. But on to the question and some quick context.   Like I said I've never been diagnosed with ADD/ADHD, and really don't think I ever showed many of the symptoms outwardly. I've had many of them for a long time, but I always seemed to be able to control them back in middle and high school and it is more retroactively that I have noticed that they may have been apparent back then. Once I got into college I seemed to notice them more and they have been more and more difficult to deal with, especially now as I'm getting into tougher and more time-consuming courses, whilst also running my own online businesses.   So my question is directed more to those diagnosed after childhood. Did you notice a progression of the symptoms as you gained more responsibilities that ultimately led to a diagnosis of ADD/ADHD? Does it just get harder to handle?   I'm confident I can take this in stride and manage it to the best of my abilities, and if this is really my problem, then I'm looking forward to finally getting help for it. However, I am just starting to learn about this, and one night of research can't compare to what those of you living with ADD/ADHD know. From my research it seems like this can be just more of annoyance if I'm willing to work at it, but information articles about these types of things tend to be biased towards the positives to keep people reading, so am I being too optimistic here?   Finally, for anyone who does see this and is able to help me out, I greatly appreciate it. I know that diagnosis threads are not allowed, and I hope this doesn't come off as one, because I'm not trying to make it one. Thank you for reading.  TL;DR: Self-diagnosed ADD/ADHD at 21; Before your diagnosis, did your symptoms get worse as you aged?
