5eb92f562057142d87baae7b89c914a5cea98648657e4222ed82ab6b3e98932c;;;How to get diagnosed (without spending $2K) ?;;;Hello  I'm really confused and I could use your guys' help. I'm working my first job out of college and my lack of attention to detail is nearly going to get me canned. Because of my behavior at work, I'm pretty sure my boss thinks I'm either lazy, stupid, or I don't care. Besides that, my "odd" tendencies are driving me insane, or at least making me insanely stressed out.   I live in a new city so before my first write-up at work, I got a referral from my college counselor to see a therapist and get tested for ADHD (as I see it). She saw me twice, the second time she gave me a general mental exam and then she gave me the DSM questions. She wrote up her results, consulted with her supervisor and decided i'm clinically symptomatic of ADHD-PI, but the cause is unknown (actually ADHD, or something else). She then referred me to this neurological clinic, which charges roughly $2000 for a diagnosis. I made an appointment, they sent me a big ass packet that scared me so I canceled my appointment, or rather, rescheduled indefinitely.   I've since been trying to figure out how much my insurance will cover, and from what I've gathered talking to my insurance people and the clinic, I have to meet my deductible (deductible is $1500) for this treatment. So essentially I would be paying a little over $1500.   I don't doubt that they would do a good job, but I was having intense reservations, so I started looking online and I found some doctors saying that you should avoid expensive neurological testing because they're not necessary. I feel like this is true. Before I called my college counselor I was just going to find a psychiatrist that deals with ADHD and make an appointment.   My girlfriend told me to talk to my primary physician, which I don't have in this city, because her sister was having issues, which ended up being bipolar and her doctor gave her some medication until she could track down a therapist and get diagnosed. This would involved yet more complications, but it's a good idea.   I'm really confused, and this is getting way to complicated for my stress level, and my possible adhd brain. Honestly, I need medication ASAP. Lately I've been fearful that I will one day become homeless because of this.  Thank you so much in advance, I'll appreciate any perspectives.   Also, should I tell my boss? My GF said that it would be discrimination for them to fire me if I told them I was seeking treatment for something, but I think I would need to be diagnosed. I'm not sure what to do on this front either.
