5ebeac509dae3b1fb542b57780edef38585995e7430f7da012aec2e85c744e0f;;;I just turned 28 and I'm finally coming to terms with the fact that I may have ADHD after years of thinking it was "total bullshit". ;;;When I was about 14 my cousin, who was exactly two months older than myself), was diagnosed with ADHD. He'd always been a bit disruptive and had a reputation for getting in trouble at family events. I have memories of him taking a variety of different medications that he didn't really like taking to try and get a handle on things.   I'd always convinced myself, after hearing my parents and other adults say it, that his problem wasn't this "make believe" affliction but a general childlike desire to be rowdy mixed with parents who didn't do much to control his behavior and his environment (We lived in the same city but I grew up in a decent neighborhood on the other side of town and he grew up in the "ghetto" and went to schools known for being less than ideal).  I'd never even considered that fact that I might have ADHD because I honestly thought it was a load of crap.   In school I had a reputation for being a little weird and despite doing well on test my grades were pretty terrible because I never turned in completed homework. I actually remember getting yelled at a few different times for handing in worksheets incomplete but with the margins filled with little doodles and such.   I managed to squeak by high school just barely and after a few different attempts at community college with mixed results I decided I'd just take a break and work for awhile.   Over the years I bounced around from job to job. The only job I kept for an extended period of time was one that allowed me to work short shifts, paid decent, and allowed me plenty of downtime to read while getting paid.   I'd always felt like I had the potential to do better but had just failed to get excited about anything so at age 22 I decided to do something I'd considered for a few years and went to film school (ok... not "real" filmschool but a one year filmmaking program). After graduation I moved back to my hometown with big dreams of making my own films but found myself instead washing cars at a local Toyota dealer before moving up to an entry level tech (I've always been into cars) and keeping that job for awhile.   It was at this point I met the woman who is now my wife and she convinced me that I should be doing something with my interest/talent in photography/film and so she helped me start my own business.   I've ran that business ever since (it's my full time gig currently). At first I kept my Toyota job before quitting to run the business full time and then starting another job a few months later when I needed more money.   I'd have moments where I pushed the business hard and was able to make a decent living but there were also times where I'd slack off and business would be nonexistent.   By this point in my life I'd looked back at my high school days and attributed my troubles to a general laziness and disdain for repetitive homework and had (incorrectly) assumed it was past me and I had the determination to work through my issues.   It wasn't until a few weeks ago when I saw a commercial with the guy from Maroon 5 that I seriously considered the fact I had ADHD. I'd laughed during the commercial because some of the things fit my history and when I decided to do a little google research into ADHD I was mainly doing it out of boredom and to get a laugh about all the bogus thoughts out there.   It was to my astonishment to find that things really started making sense and I had a light bulb go off telling me "You might actually have ADHD"  I feel hopeful now that I seem to have found out the root of many of my personal issues. I'd struggled time and time again with what I thought was just me being lazy but I'd always given up in the past despite having the strongest determination to succeed.   Obviously, after 28 years of dealing with the issue, I've learned little tricks to help me stay on task and I'd say my problems aren't nearly as bad as they used to be but I still have trouble finishing projects, staying on task, and other common issues with people that have ADHD and I've decided that it may be time to do something a bit more drastic.   I'm currently trying to schedule a visit with a psychiatrist to see what options are out there for me to get help. I'd always had a bit of apprehension to medication but even that is not out of the question for me at this point. I'm also very interested in the idea of a coach that can help me come up with ways to tackle my specific problems so I can get myself on track.   I'm not even sure exactly why I'm writing this... I think maybe it just feels good to get it down to others who may understand and are able to give feedback. It's very important to me to get a handle on my life as my wife and I are expecting in February and I don't want ADHD to get in the way of being the best parent I can be.   I'm so happy to have found this subreddit and I look forward to sharing my progress with you all.   TLDR: After years of living in denial of ADHD existing for anyone I've began to realize that I might be affected myself.
