5f33c2929733fc4d61445cd37760f86927be2b0c235d1ccd2a63c9ea66065281;;;med rotating?;;;I've done a bunch of searching but couldn't find anything like this in the archives.  I was diagnosed with ADHD just over a year ago, and in that time I've tried 4 different meds: 1. Concerta - worked great, but after titrating up to a higher dose, kept me from sleeping and gave me gastric upset; 2. Ritalin - worked great at first, but after 3-4 months, stopped working; 3. Vyvanse - worked ok, but not like I hoped it would; and finally 4. Currently on a mix of Vyvanse and Wellbutrin.  I *thought* it worked great, but my starting it coincided with a period of extreme busy-ness and forced physical activity (packing for a move + moving + unpacking, all solo due to hubby being away for school), and now that I don't have the forced activity, my symptoms have come back quite a bit and I'm frustrated again.  I keep trying to increase my physical activity level, but when it comes right down to it, I really dislike most of it and want to spend my spare time doing the hobbies I love that I missed while I was doing the move, so I'm caught in this catch-22.  I'm bad for keeping old meds around if I haven't finished them, and on Wednesday I had this hunch that if I was to try and take one of my old Concerta pills again, it's probably been long enough that a low dose will make a big difference again, so yesterday I tried it.  I took the Wellbutrin still (as well as the other stuff I take - prozac, Vitamin D and my blood pressure meds), but subbed the Concerta (at a 36mg dose) for the Vyvanse.  And lo and behold... FOCUS.  My head felt the clearest it's felt in about 2 months.  So now I have this other theory that I want to propose to my psych next time I see her (in 2 weeks), but I'm also scared that I'm going to get in shit for experimenting on myself etc.  Anyways, the idea would be to be on a regular rotating schedule of medication in 3 month intervals or something, so that my system never gets used to it.  I know that ideally I really should learn to cope with life without needing meds for a boost of energy, but I really think that I need the meds to boost me for at least 4-6 months, maybe a little more, so that I can get into some really good, ingrained habits (and get the exercise thing going steady enough that it's not so super difficult for me like it is now), and no med has ever worked for longer than 2-3 months for me, so I end up backsliding for a while, while I wait for my next psych appointment.    Has anyone else ever used a rotating schedule like this?  Does this sound completely insane to the more experienced people out there?  Any ideas on how to present this to my psych?  Thanks!
