5fdc5f94624d70d1b07bfba1dcf302de3baa91c3ff43ce3c97be11790a9707f9;;;Newly diagnosed and medicated, having opposite of intended effects;;;So I was diagnosed about three months ago, and started medication right away. I began on the lowest dose of Adderall  XR (15) and each month I've moved up by increments of 5 (now taking 25).   15 was good and I felt improvement, but not at the level I had fantasized that medication would help me at. Maybe that's where I went wrong? I wanted to see if it could be more helpful if I increased my dosage and my doctor supported it.   Now that I'm taking 25, I feel like everything is counterproductive. I feel like all of my symptoms have come back even stronger than when unmedicated. I have never been an emotional person, but where I might have teared up in a movie, I now bawl almost uncontrollably (heaving, runny nose, the whole ridiculous nine yards). If people are talking when I'm trying to focus, I can no longer focus and get really panicked over the distraction. In situations like this when I get panicked and lose focus, or some times when I'm drinking, I now get self-harm urges which has never happened before. I don't mean anything dangerous or even damaging, just little intense urges to hit myself, bite myself, dig my nails into my arms...   I want to get back down to a lower dose when possible, but I just refilled the 25's so Ill have to wait until next month.   My mom is a therapist. She knows about the emotional changes I've experienced (because it's hard to hide regular uncontrollable crying) but I haven't told her about the pain/punishment urges. She is fine with lowering my dosage but wonders if maybe the emotional stuff is actually just a lot of unrelated sadness that I've been holding in for a long time. I could see some truth to this maybe, but I feel like it's the medication making me this way. It's hard to tell what's me and what's the drugs. I don't know what my question is really, anyone have similar experiences? Could it be that the drug is bringing out parts of me that I didn't know were there? Or is it just too high of a dosage that I need to lower?  TL;DR- Just started Adderall for ADD and I think high dosage is causing opposite of intended effects
