6178fd41d09132aa1130f6ea7e6ae6aa79c41b03cc73bf629ca2e4704303104f;;;I can't focus at work, I'm on the verge of insanity.;;;First posted this on r/offmychest in hopes someone would give me some advice, nobody answered. Good thing I found this subreddit, I'm mostly gonna vent here though, so here I go!   When I was a kid I was diagnosed with "attention problems" but my parents refused to give me any medicine because they thought it was gonna go away eventually. Oh boy they were wrong.   Throughout all highschool I struggled so much to focus in class, 10 minutes was my limit, after that I would begin fidgeting, reading other chapters of my textbook, looking outside and being distacted by crows and so on. I ended up repeating my last year before university 3 times due to me not being able to focus at all. I somehow made it.   Now I'm nearing my second year of university, currently in an internship, and it is hell on earth atm. I just can't focus, it's a thousand times worse than some years ago. When I try working I have this feeling of my eyes losing focus and the front of my head feeling heavy, it is almost crippling. Once I had decided that I had enough of feeling like this, I start browsing stuff online and fidgeting like crazy. I can't keep my fingers in place (constant finger drumming on my leg).   I'm worried about my future, I already struggle learning anything during / outside of class, everything is either painful or just plain distracting.   I'm scared of getting treatment though, I don't know what to expect, people in France actually look down on people who have this, in general you see documentaries shitting on medication saying that "hyperactive kids just have a ton of energy, this shit is a scam!". I don't want to be told that I'm insane or anything.  I honestly dunno what else to say, I lost my train of thought and forgot how I was gonna end this. Whatever.   EDIT: Did some horrendous grammar / spelling mistakes in there, I think some are still around, gotta proofread stuff more :V   EDIT2: I noticed I wrote two different sentences that basically said the same thing.  EDIT3: I appreciate the answers guys, I am feeling a lot better and I understand much better what is going on with me, I have an appointment on friday and hopefully I'll get to sort things out :D!  Cheers! :)
