622c62be5fdba4040878ddcb28fedbcd8ac9922a5d8b1f48ef4e4ad37668e0c7;;;Just diagnosed, medicine-journal. Feedback?;;;TL;DR: Just diagnosed, each pill makes me feel completely different. Rollercoaster of effects and side effects.  - Pill 1: Really speedy, extremely fidgety, very focused, fair amount of side effects.  - Pill 2: Motor in my back, felt really productive, fair amount of side effects.  - Pill 3: Easier to wake up, but apathic, zombie-like. Headache, feel hungover  - Pill 4: Apathic, zombie-like, but focused. Headache, feel hungover.   Are these effects usual? Anyone else on ritalin here who can say a bit about how they experience it?   Was just diagnosed this Friday (I'm 20). Talked with the psychiatrist for forever, with my mother. What I got to know was:   - I have severe ADD  - I show some weak symptoms of HD, but it's not really deterimental to my health or well being  - They ran an IQ-test on my without me knowing, and I scored extremely high, which might be why no teachers etc. have recommended psychiatrists to me earlier.  Anyways, my psychiatrist is a bit of a nutjob, but really good. While I was in his office, he gave me 10mg ritalin.   So, pill 1, 10mg Ritalin:  - I got speedy as fuck  - Uncontrollable laugther fits  - Ridiculously fidgety  - The brain fog/multiple thoughts/whatever you want to call it dissapeared almost completely, I could talk to the psychiatrist without thinking about 5 different things simultaneously. Have all my focus on him. Felt crazy amazing.  - Really wanted to do something physical, run, shout, jump, play drums  - REALLY talkactive  - Neck stiffened up a lot, and as a result I had a mild headache.  - Slightly anxious  Turns out I am very sensitive to pills (also alcohol) and that 10mg was a too big dose. Went home, and went straight to bed and slept really heavily for a few hours. I was drained. Woke up, ate some food and took another pill.  Pill 2, 5mg ritalin:  - Motor in my back, felt like I needed to do something productive  - Cleaned the kitchen, the living room, my room and the entrance hall. Also actually noticed that I had left a pair of jeans in my parents bathroom (and brought them with me instead of leaving them there!), and I remembered taking the trash that was by the stairwell instead of just walking past it. Also I actually cleaned the whole kitchen, and didn't forget to clean parts of it as I usually do.  - Talkactive  - Neck stiffness eventually, and some minor headache.  - Sharp pain in right leg for about 3 minutes. Happened twice  - Looking at my computer screen for more than 10 minutes hurt my eyes  - Playing soothing music was really nice  - Towards the end, when I was done cleaning, I started feeling pressure on my chest  - Slightly anxious?  - Comedown was bad again. Headache and really tired. Felt hungover. Went to sleep  I had agreed that my mother would give me another half pill at 8:30am, and then let me go back to sleep and I'd get up when I felt like it.  Pill 3, 5mg Ritalin:  - Waking up was easier, wasn't completely in a haze for an hour. A lot to think about though (just diagnosed) so I stayed in bed for a while just thinking about stuff.  - Brain fog not all that present, maybe some..?  - Zombie-like feeling, apathic. Didn't really want to talk, or think, or anything.   - Zombieeeee, didn't get anything done really. Didn't want to (difference is that I think I could clean or do shit, just that I couldn't bother. Unmedicated I can't ever make myself do anything, even if I don't mind doing it)  - Sharp pain in right leg again, soon dissapeared. Is this some psychological thing? I think so.  - Eventually wore off, big hangover again.  Went shopping with my mother and brother. Aphatic, not really having any feelings. Headache. Meh, not feeling all that great. Went home, took another 5mg (just half an hour ago)  Pill 4, 5mg Ritalin:  - Right now I'm feeling sleepy. Lying in bed as I'm typing this. This stimulant is not having the stimulating effect I wanted I think.  -  Don't want to talk at all to my mother or brother, but I think I could write a hundred page novel here on reddit.   - Zombie again. Don't even wanna watch the last episode of Game of Thrones.  - Slight headache  - Neck somewhat stiff, but not much.  - Did I mention tired?  - I have never made a post online that is this structured. This list function is reallly attractive right now for some reason.
622c62be5fdba4040878ddcb28fedbcd8ac9922a5d8b1f48ef4e4ad37668e0c7;;;Any other ADHD/ADDers who score extremely high on IQ-tests? How do you use your abilities effectively?;;;Edit: Thanks for all the answers, it has been insightful. I am well aware that IQ is only one minor aspect of success, but I still do not think it is right to disregard IQ completely. What I have realised is that I have to spend much more energy staking out a career path where I can fully utilize my strong sides while delegating away weaker sides. Seems obvious really, but I have always wished to perform well on my own, and admitting that there's things I'm just really bad at (to the degree that I have no chance of doing it myself) is difficult, especially since I'm recently diagnosed. So, again, thanks for the replies, they've made me reflect.  ------   First off, I want to clarify that I am not seeking to brag, nor position myself above others. IQ is just a score, and does not mean much in the big picture. I just seek advice on how to handle this aspect of my life.  About me:  - Recently diagnosed with severe ADD  - Psychiatrist ran an IQ-test on me and I scored 140  I am on medicine now for the first time in my life, and things are definitely looking better. However, I wonder:   - Are there other AD(H)Ders out there who score extremely high on IQ-tests? I have an inkling that this is more normal among ADDers compared to the general population.  - If yes, what are you doing with your life? How do you make sure you use your intelligence in an effective and good way? I feel that I have extraordinary capabilities, but that I've never been able to be even close to using them. How do I change this, now that I have medicine?  Answers would be greatly appreciated  PS: English is not my mother tongue, so please bear with me regarding grammatical mistakes.
