627a7316fddd241cb6af946d486d208cdc3a729385ced26630469434e254e974;;;I'm having really vivid dreams leading up to my assessment.;;;I'm booked in for an initial assessment for adult ADHD at the beginning of February. It took me a couple of years from the first moment of "Wait that sounds exactly like *every problem in my life* .....nah......can't be......but *Holy shit* did they study me and write this?" to actually build up the courage to ask somebody about it, then six weeks of trying to stick to this timetable my doctor wanted me to try first, several more weeks while I kept forgetting to and/or procrastinating about phoning the clinic, and now I've been on a waiting list for months, so it's kind of nerve wracking to finally be at this point.  They sound very friendly but I am so worried about forgetting things. I need to get a referral form from my doctor so that the assessment is covered by health insurance. I asked my mum for my old school reports, and she told me to check in the rex box file, which I have, but I need to get down and look through, and they will send me a questionnaire by post, too, that I'm getting extra time to fill out because it will be in German.  Then I've been having really vivid dreams. The first was that I went to the assessment, and they handed me some huge report and said "Okay so this is what you have" and I left feeling a bit, um, okay, it was that easy? But I woke up thinking I'd done the assessment and it was disappointing and frustrating to realise I haven't yet.  Then the next one was more intense. I dreamed that I was working at a college. I'm a language teacher, so this isn't outlandish. In the dream, I saw on my Dad's facebook page that he had booked an event where a private ADHD coach would come to his home and he was inviting people to it. I was really intrigued and interested, because when I started to learn more about ADHD and the heritability of it, I started to see my Dad in a lot of it and especially some things that he has been struggling this year. But in real life, we're not close enough for me to talk to him about it yet. In fact we're pretty distant. I'm too nervous of how he would react if I said I'm thinking that I may have it, let alone question whether he does. Not because I know him to react badly, more that I don't even know him well enough to have any idea of how he would react.  So, anyway. I was at work in the dream and I was in the library and these books were just floating around the place and I was like, woah, what is happening? And someone else said, oh, that's just the invisible library assistants, like it was a totally normal thing. Then they casually added that if you look in a mirror, you can see the invisible assistants. I started to notice a quiet muttering voice which sounded familiar, and sure enough when I looked in a mirror, there was my Dad being an invisible library assistant. I put my hand on his chest to stop him and said "Hey, Dad." He noticed me, became visible, and said that he'd decided to work there so he could spend time with me, but he felt awkward, so he wanted to be invisible. Then he said that the ADHD coach event was for me, he didn't want anybody else to go, he wanted to support me and that I would be okay. I was kind of disappointed that he didn't recognise it within himself too, but touched that he would do that for me, especially as he hadn't known before. Then we kind of fast-forwarded to being at my house, and my stepmum was there and my half siblings were running around but much younger, like the same age as my son, and they all played together and my Dad and stepmum were like "We want to be a more involved part of your life!"  I mean, it was kind of... awesome but just so vivid and intense, and then mixed emotions when I woke up. I'm finding this whole thing exhausting! I've only known about the appointment for a week. Does it get better? Will I be less adrenaline-y when the actual assessment process has started? Am I going to be a ball of uselessness on the actual day? I'm going alone and it's a 90 minute train journey, so any tips would be helpful. I'm planning to take some rescue remedy (my bottle is so old it's probably more placebo than it was to begin with, but it helps) and put some calming, comforting old music on my phone and maybe some comfort TV too, but anything else would be good to know.  TL;DR: Having assessment in a few weeks. Having some weird mind trips about it. Is this normal, and also, please talk to me about everything including my probably boring dream so that I don't dissolve in a ball of anxiety in the office.
