62f7ea80a14d2adfec237bb2013ea113cfcbd4c845271f9c7285b642c30df8ab;;;Two problems on meds - one regarding sexuality;;;To give you a little info: I'm a non-trad jr in college (28 yrs old) pursuing a stats degree. Diagnosed a few weeks ago (parents refused to have me tested as a child despite nearly all of my teachers through elementary and high school recommending it), and got on meds over the winter break - noticed a tremendous difference right away, all for the better. I can focus, I'm getting things done, I'm doing my hwk, I'm managing my time.   First thing: Apparently, I developed a myriad of coping mechanisms for dealing with people and work over my life. Going to work this past week, being back in school... I realized how much I relied on those, because talking with people is *hard*. I can focus on ONE thing at a time... how does anyone have a conversation like that? I can't talk and clean, or talk and think about what else needs to be done. If I'm cleaning at work, I'm not thinking about everything else that I need to be aware of, or what else I need to be doing before I leave: I'm thinking about *cleaning* and that's it. I've always been praised for my ability to multi-task, and now (on meds) I can't. Not good for work. Have any of you had this problem as well? How did you move past it? Did you just have to wait, and develop different strategies as you went along?  Second thing: I'm sure we all know that one of the side effects of Ritalin is dry mouth. I'm having dry...*other* places as well, and the last two times my bf and I tried to be intimate...well, I was into it, but dry as the Sahara. Is this common???? I haven't been able to find anything about it.... I'm going to go buy some, ahem, liquid assistance, but it's very upsetting. I've always had a tremendous libido - something I've always embraced as healthy and natural - and now that's gone down (probably to "normal" levels) and I'm also having *this* problem... well, it's really a hard blow to the gut, you know what I mean? I'm fine with a decreased libido - honestly, it'll probably take some of the pressure off my relationship since I had a MUCH higher one than my bf - but not being able to natually lubricate when we *do* want to have sex... it's pretty horrible. Can anyone relate? What did you do?
