644b6763daef6bd834b6c10abddb6198320dc7233b7942531e57524d01415054;;;Headaches on adderall? or mental fatigue headaches?;;;I started back in 2011 with adderall when I came college, and took 30mg XR daily + 5mg IR in the afternoons as needed... and it was great. However, while I could focus on things I was doing alone (ie, homework, tests, etc), I still had a very hard time listening to my teachers in class.. Instead I just wrote a mile a minute of what they wrote on the board (if they didn't write anything, I didn't learn anything). I got by my freshman year with the teachers that gave a sh!t ton of notes and reading out of the book. I could spend hours on end reading/copying the book and almost kinda liked it.   That summer I wanted to take a little break on the adderall and did. Sophomore year rolled around and I started back up, but this time on 20mg XR + 5mg afternoons as needed. It worked great for the first semester (as it did in the past) but then second semester rolled around (spring, this year) and i'm at where i'm at now - In a constant daze. I used to take tests and look at a paper for x amount of time and not look up until I was done with the test. Now it's almost like I get some sort of headache during them and I just want to leave. I've also noticed that the hyperactivity is coming back and I almost have a hard time sitting in class for 1:15. I feel like I haven't been "awake" in the last year....  Any of you have this same experience? What did you do? While going back up to 30mg could help, I don't really want to. I make friends easier now and i'm not sure if it's being due to the fact i'm now in my major or if it is due to the fact i decreased my adderall dose.   My closest description to my feeling is that I have some unknown (to me) chemical in my brain that is "pure focus/concentration" and i've used it all. I've also been incredibly scatterbrained but I think that's pretty normal. It also feels like my adderall xr wears off in 6 hours and I come down much harder than I used to... I used to not feel it at all.   Anyway suggestions? Thanks for the scattered read
