64b82cf23e38845432db848a9b38c3b29ba1132de1283244d66855e33aed99f4;;;ADHD, Lyrica, Glutimate, I have no idea what I'm on about.;;;TL;DR would lyrica withdrawals increase ADHD symptoms and does glutimate have a roll.  I don't know if this is the right place but I'll try anyway.   For those who don't know I've recently been diagnosed with adult ADHD. Going by my past I've had the traits all my life, I just learnt to deal with them, hide them. I thought they were normal. I'm on dexamphetamine and it's doing a great job.   I had a back issue where I was prescribed Tramadol and Lyrica for back pain. All was going well till one day I ran out of Lyrica. I was on 150mg a day ( 75mg morning evening ) and on them for well over 3 years.   This is the fun part, if you'll call it that. I ran out of lyrica one day and I was thinking about getting of them anyway so I thought no was as good as time as any. First 2 days were fine, 3rd day was the start. On my way to work I started getting panic attacks, my anxiety was up, my mind was a mess. I called in sick and went home.    My fiancée was at home and now I wish she wasn't. I absolutely exploded at her with rage. She said I had pure hate in my eyes. It was all verbal, nothing physical. After apologising profusely I could not think straight and spent the rest of the day in bed.   Next day I forced myself to work. Stayed 1/2 hour,  I was totally confused and went home. I was crying at nothing, paniking over everything couldn't think straight. I went to the doctors pleading with the GP to prescibe me lyrica. Lucky for me he didn't commit me but prescribe Lyrica to my relief. I took double the amount to get it back in my system. The next day I was fine again.   Since being diagnosed with ADHD I wondered if there was any link. I found someone who posted having the same experience and they mentioned something about the brain being flooded with glutimate from withdrawals from lyrica. I started searching about glutimate and ADHD. I found some information but I lack the focus/concentration to read it and remember it.   So I'm hoping someone might know.  I'm still on the lyrica, to scared to stop it until I know what's going on but I'm off the tramadol.
