660ab8dff19ee8a534f391a4377a93bbb1bd57cdbab093f15a86e3dc372f60e8;;;Mom of son (11) with ADHD, seeking advice with how to help stop the impulse actions;;;As the title states,  I'm the mom of an 11 yo son with ADHD. Not sure if it matters,  but my son is on Concerta with a straight Ritalin booster at lunch during the school week. He generally does not take his medication on the weekends.   My son is generally a sweetheart, and somewhat well behaved,  quick to have anger outburts, (which are definitely increasing with puberty), and is very anxious all the time. He also is a food hoarder.  And he sneaks food all the time.  This is where I am struggling,  and reaching out for advice from other folks with ADHD to see if anyone has advice!  I know that the sneaking food is an impulse thing,  and common. My brother was the same way growing up.  My parents were never able to figure out a way to stop it.  I'm at my wits ends with it.  He's even started stealing money,  which he used at the little store he catches the school bus at.  I'm having to lock my room when I leave for work now.  Short of putting a freezer/fridge in my room,  I'm stuck! He has foods that we have told him repeatedly he can snack on whenever, just eat them at the table.  But that's not what he's taking.  Ice cream cones  (which are a treat in our house), blocks of cheese (I can't even buy blocks of cheese anymore), granola bars, anything sweet... I just had a Costco size box of gum disappear that I know I will end up finding in his room when I tear it apart to clean.  We've tried taking away toys, taking away events, video games,  etc... nothing seems to make a difference. And he's not doing it to be naughty,  he's not stopping and thinking about the consequences before he acts.  I'm worried about these tendencies as he grows into an adult!   Any advice is welcome, I'm all tapped out!  ***EDIT***  My main concern is not the healthiness of the food itself, we don't have much junk itself in the house.  He has plenty of healthy food options available to him that he can eat whenever he wants.  My concern is the impulse to sneak food into his room consistently.  It's not the food items, it's the sneaking in general.    TL;DR 11 yo son sneaks food he's not supposed to have into his bedroom.  Fresh out of ideas on how to stop the impulse sneaking.
