66475de2d98d52c0b2ee06da1e580cebbc8c8c3d52072d6ae0969a297a8594a3;;;How does ADHD affect other psychological disorders?;;;So we know that ADHD is comorbid with other disorders (depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, ect), but how does it affect those disorders?  How does ADHD change the intensity, duration, and symptoms of other disorders? What are unique issues that people with ADHD have when dealing with other disorders?
66475de2d98d52c0b2ee06da1e580cebbc8c8c3d52072d6ae0969a297a8594a3;;;Always the listener, Never the speaker. It's exhausting and I feel neglected.;;;WARNING: this is a rant  Tl;DR - I have to work 10 times harder than others to listen, but I'm never heard. Fighting ADHD symptoms to be a "good friend" is exhausting, and I feel neglected.  COMMENCE RANT   I was diagnosed with ADHD-C when I was 6, so I've been self aware enough to figure out how to deal with some of my symptoms. It took forever, but I'm much better actively  listening, not interrupting, and not trying to talk about (only) myself too much. People are much more open when you show interest in their lives. I'm going into psychology, so many people come to me for advice and talk about their struggles.   The problem is, when it's my turn to talk, I pick up on people's nonverbal cues. They don't care. They don't listen. The exhausting amount of effort I put into trying to be a "good friend" isn't reciprocated.   It's frustrating that I, the one who has to put in 10 times the effort just to sit still and listen, can't speak up for my self. I'm the psychologist with a waiting room full of "friends" who want to talk at me. Not WITH me. AT me.  It's not that I'm sick of listening. I love hearing other people's stories and struggles. It hurts when somebody vents to me and waves me off saying "yea, uh huh, that's nice," when I speak. I'm not asking you to absorb every word that comes out of my mouth. Just PRETEND to care. I settle for fake enthusiasm!  The funny thing is, I come here because people understand this. You guys know just how hard it is to get invested into conversations. All of us are guilty, to some extent, of not being a good listener. I'd argue it's the #1 symptom of being an ADHDer. We have to WORK to absorb the information being thrown at us. We have to fight the impulse to interrupt, change the subject, and talk only about ourselves. We have to fight  to sit still, listen, and not walk away. We have to force ourselves to focus on other people. It's exhausting! Forcing ourselves to focus takes an incredible amount of energy. I'm the last person who would claim that listening is natural and easy! Conversations are like a constant battle to fight our own brains for control!  We tend to talk "at" instead of "with" people. The advice we give each other is mostly personal stories rather than true answers. We rant. We ramble. We come off as uncaring because we struggle to actively listen and focus of topics our brains brand as "uninteresting". I get all this!   I struggle with all of these things, but I still listen. I still put forth effort. I wish my non-ADHD (and ADHD) friends could do the same. I don't want to play psychologist today, can't we take turns? I'm not a shrink (and I'm not certified to be one yet anyway).  I'm tired. I want to tell my story. I want to vent about depression, ADHD, sexual abuse, relationships, drug abuse, work, school, family, friends... I just want to talk and be heard. I want to talk about my struggles and achievements. My strengths and weaknesses. I want people to take interest in my life, just as I've taken interest in theirs.   RANT OVER
