66addc7c173e152a6757f26042ba5242e28197fb6d52f7ce0fee8525e70d9f03;;;Undiagnosed and new to this subreddit, but ADHD might be the answer I've been searching for.;;;I don't even know where to begin. I guess they say symptoms emerge in childhood, and that's when people are typically diagnosed. I wasn't an overly hyper kid. I did really well in school, but I was always drawing, reading anything but school material, and constantly day dreaming. I suppose it went unnoticed because I lacked the physical hyperactivity associated with ADHD, but I definitely had the mental overactivity. I did fairly well in high school too, but not as good as in grade school because I lacked the discipline and attention span to really keep myself on track. Now that I'm in college, about to start my third year, and working an 8 to 5 desk job 30+ hours a week, I'm really starting to feel that something isn't right.   At first, I believed I suffered from anxiety and depression (which could still be true to an extent). I've been on 4 different antidepressants at varying doses and seeing a therapist regularly for almost 2 years now, and I still don't feel like I'm accomplishing all I'm capable of. It's not that I don't know or understand the things I'm supposed to be doing (like work right now), but I'm incapable of accomplishing what should be simple tasks.   The more I've been researching and reading about ADHD, the more I feel like this is what I'm suffering from. I'm meeting with my therapist later this week, and I'd like some advice about how to approach this subject with her. It's completely out of the blue; I've never even considered it because I always thought a person with ADHD had to be overly active. I'm only just now learning that there are different types and symptoms. In a way, it's validating to think that all of my struggles with attention and memory and listening could be explained by an ADHD diagnosis; I'm not just lazy and undisciplined or unfocused.   I'd very much like to approach this subject with my therapist, and possibly see what solutions are available for me. I'm just not sure how to go about it without being dismissed for not having the physical hyperactivity that's usually associated with this disorder. Any thoughts/advice would be much appreciated!  tl;dr: after two years thinking I had depression and anxiety, ADHD seems to be the answer to all of my problems, also not sure how to approach the subject with my therapist
