66c61b5c366cbe62e9572bd966aea451114c557c4a7f66a792026d875c8b6624;;;Severely depressed and just diagnosed with ADHD in college-- going back to school for fourth time but this time with meds;;;In highschool no one would have guessed that I would have been the student who had to drop 3 semesters due to mental health or whatever reason. I was a student who had, until that point, 12 consecutive years of stellar grades and was even accepted into one of the top 5 schools in the country (UChicago).  However, going through college was a let down of sorts and I was never able to study or absorb information. I somewhat jokingly told my therapist, parents and friends that I had not been able to learn anything since my junior year in high school.   Second semester sophomore year, I was in a terrible rut which one of my profs helped pull me out of and encouraged me to get help. It was diagnosed as depression and we went on from there with mostly anti-depressive meds.   First and Second Semesters of Junior year were relapses. No other words for it. The second relapse was probably caused by a huge downpour-- grandparent dying do to a car accident, dislocating shoulder and needing surgery and then just being stressed beyond myself. I don't know what I could have done differently at the time and every time I think back to then, I wish I had some answer so that "I didn't waste 1.5 years of my life." One of the classes I regretted not being able to finish the most was Chinese. So, being the dubious idiot I am, I decided to take it this summer and "try again" but this time my psychiatrist prescribed me Vyvanse. I'm not going to say it's some sort of miracle drug, but for a guy who has never gotten a compliment in organization or handwriting his entire life, my notes, writing and even thoughts have become clearer. I don't know if this will be a new beginning and the end of these troubles-- but I want to believe so. Anyway, optimism is a stupid thing as it makes us believe anything is possible. If the past 2 years have taught me nothing else, don't be afraid of new possibilities-- they may help.  TL;DR-- failed miserably in school for 3 semesters taking summer chinese with Vyvanse and can see a clear difference--
