66c837eafd3cf189817b7364c60f33beb42c451e34f821fba3f2d24beb20643b;;;I feel like I'm losing my mind;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD while in middle school. Now that I'm turning 33, it's safe to say this disorder is my version of normal.   I stopped taking Adderall after high school and while I miss being able to focus and get work done, I don't miss the way it made me feel.   Now that you have a bit of back story, I'm wondering if anyone else has the same problems I do. For the past year or more, I have felt like I'm losing my mind. I can't remember anything, and it's not your typical, I can't remember the answers to this test I studied for.  Last week, I needed to call my boss, but had to scroll through my phone contacts because I couldn't remember her name. Just yesterday, I was trying to tell someone about the new trailer for Civil War, but I couldn't remember the name of the movie.   This happens all the time, and it seems to be getting worse. I'm experiencing panic attacks on a weekly basis over trivial things that I'm forgetting. I'm afraid to talk to anyone about this, because I don't want to admit I may have a serious problem. I'm hoping this is something that others with ADHD experience, but I'm not sure.
66c837eafd3cf189817b7364c60f33beb42c451e34f821fba3f2d24beb20643b;;;Finding Dory made me realize that I'm not happy floating through life;;;I'm an adult male, and as pathetic as it may sound, the movie Finding Dory made me cry.   I watched the movie this week with my mom and was emotional for a good 1/3 of the movie. There were times when I was tempted to pause the movie and explain to her how I felt, and how I felt a connection with the film, but I kept my mouth shut and became engrossed in watching a forgetful Blue Tang struggle with her disorder.  My mother, a well educated woman, believes that I just need to buckle down and work harder to overcome the pitfalls I face. Don't get me wrong, she has worked hard to help me, but believes that ADHD is something that shouldn't be treated with medication.   Watching this movie (and reading success stories here) makes me want to find a medication that truly works for me. I'm currently taking Adderall XR, which can make me very emotional (probably why I cried watching an animated movie) but it's something I would happily live with, if it worked the way I need it to.   The problem now is living with the realization that there may be a treatment out there for me that actually works and I don't know what to do, or where to start.   Unfortunately, my doctor is not someone that I trust to help me through this journey. When I told him that I was diagnosed in grade school and was medicated through most of high school, he didn't believe me. Because he assumed I wanted to simply score Adderall he made me get tested again. When the results came back, he begrudgingly placed me on Adderall XR. My fear is that he will make things harder for me and my ability to access the medication I need.  I'm tired of living like this though, I want my own success story with my own Aha! moment. I want to know what it feels like when the fog is lifted and the burden you've carried for years is washed away.   I want to wake up with tears of joy knowing that I can have a successful day at work without worrying if I'll meet a deadline. I want to be able to pay bills on time and clean my house one room at a time, but I just don't know where to start.
