67d9fe5aea475859010f92b2af336d098e4890ddd5f5a531053b87ba5b481b0d;;;I am AuPairing an 8 year old girl who was just diagnosed with ADHD. Any Insider Tips on how do get her to do basically everything especially homework?;;;Hi subreddit ADHD!  Tl,dr: No experience with ADHD whatsoever, how to I get an 8 year old to do stuff with as little frustration and anger as possible on both sides?  So here's the deal, I am an AuPair in the USA right now and one of the children I take care of was just diagnosed with with ADHD. I kinds suspected it to be honest but blamed a lot of the problems I had with her on cultural differences in parenting and stuff like that.  Now here is the deal:  I get super frustrated because I have to say everything a million times before she listens. At some point I will usually yell at her and I hate doing that, but it is the only way she will actually get something done for a couple of minutes.   I have the most trouble with everything homework related. I am usually able to make her Reading and Social Studies interesting enough to keep her mostly focused, but I have no idea what to do with Math and Spelling.   When something doesn't go her way she throws huge tantrums. Like this week, we where on our way to the music school and halfway there when she noticed that she had forgotten her IPad, we usually have to wait for her sister to be done with her lesson so she takes something to occupy herself.  I refused to turn around because it would have made us 15 minutes late for a 30 minute lesson and she started kicking in her seat, screaming that she hates me and I ruin her life for the remaining 10 minutes of the car ride. Stuff like that happens constantly over the tiniest things.  Her mom and I had a long conversation on how to deal with everything but she has two other kids, works a ton and is about as experienced with ADHD as I am. Her strategy is usually to avoid conflict whenever possible but I guess that's where the cultural difference kicks in because I cannot stand it when kids always get it their way. I also don't see why I should do things for her that she should be and is capable of doing herself, like putting away her shoes and coat. She also has an older sister who obviously stops doing those things the second I do it for her sister while trying to avoid conflict.  I have never dealt with anything like this, I can get myself focused on pretty much anything so I have a hard time to put myself in her place.    I would really appreciate it if anyone could share ideas. What helps/helped you, especially when you where younger? How would you have wanted people to treat you?  Also I apologize for any grammar, vocabulary and spelling mistakes! I really tried but I am not a native English speaker.   Edit: also sorry that this is so long!
