6821caea15b3c166db56a209a89da297848102d421dde6bfe885d3657bd36ede;;;A fun story about the strangest episode of "hyperfocus" I have ever experienced, by far (just wanted to share). Also, do your memorization abilities change once you start taking medication, even when you aren't on it?;;;(Wall of text, my apologies)  Long story short, I went on a (kind of) date with this guy a couple days ago and experienced the most intense episode of hyperfocus I ever have. The only thing that makes this guy special or different from the other ones is that he is probably the most attractive person I have ever dated, exactly my type, and a solid 9.75 in my opinion. That and he's trouble; he's definitely *not* the type that I am supposed to be dating, which made the whole time even more thrilling, somehow.  Anyway, we went out for a long drive and stopped a few places and walked around along the way. We talked the whole time and had a lot of fun. The whole thing lasted a little over two hours, then he dropped me off back home.  I didn't decide to classify this as hyperfocus until later. On the date nothing seemed unusual, but a few hours later when my mom asked how it went and I started telling her about it, I realized that I could remember most of our entire two hour conversation. I can replay it in my head like a movie, in super vivid detail. I not only remember what everything looked like but a fair bit of the music we listened to, but what some cars looked like, little insignificant things that happened, the exact route we drove, people I saw walking along the street, and exactly what he was wearing. I remember at one point looking at his shirt and noticing that it still had creases along the sleeves like it was new. I did a little experiment this morning and wrote it down and counted, and in all I can remember about 200 specific lines of dialogue between us; more parts of the memory are coming back even now. And I out the dialogue this morning, two days AFTER the date, and not on medication.  I'm totally baffled by this. Something like this has never happened before, where I could remember a single long event so clearly and vividly. I wasn't on medication at the time; the last time I'd taken my dose of 10mg Adderall IR was like... over 24 hours ago, so this obviously was not due to the medication. My absorption of things like this really sucks on a normal basis, like I can't remember a single thing I've learned after sitting through a 50 minute lecture unless I'm taking Adderall.   I've noticed a few more instances like this (not to this extent obviously) happening recently, where I remember the dumbest little things in really vivid detail. Off the medication though, not on it. Is there a reason this is happening? Do medications somehow permanently improve your memory, even when you aren't on them? Has anyone else had similar experiences?  Thanks if you read through this whole thing. Definitely did not intend for it to turn out this long.  **TL;DR:** Went out on a very thrilling date with a very thrilling guy and realized afterwards, even two days later, that I could vividly remember almost the entire 2 hour conversation from start to finish (written out and counted, almost 200 specific lines of dialogue), including all these random little insignificant events and details that happened along the way. That was all without meds. That's the fun story. My question is, does taking medication (I'm on Adderall IR 10mg once a day) permanently affect memory, even when you aren't on it? Anyone else had a similar experience? I usually suck at remembering things but I've noticed a few more instances like this happening recently when I'm not on meds.
