684d64fc8024e91ce2a88fb82f45e388e8f4b42c9439f1e01068d26556c71a34;;;ADD assessment and diagnosis UK;;;Hi all I have been a lurker for a few months and I have finally plucked up the courage to look into testing for ADD. I never considered that I may actually have it after a lifetime of people telling me everyone gets distracted and the fact that academically I have always done well "proves" there's nothing wrong with me.  I am based in the UK and have read so much about how it is basically impossible to be tested and diagnosed on the NHS within a reasonable time frame so I am looking into private options. I have only received one quote so far from a private psychiatrist for £595 which is quite a bit out of my price range at the moment. Has anyone in the UK had any success with having an ADD assessment closer to the price range of around £300? That's not my upper limit but I'm not sure I'd be able to afford too much more as I'm a student.   My university has offered to cover most of the costs for me to be assessed by an educational psychologist and although they think it is very likely I have ADD, they are unable to offer me anything other than study skills training and extra time in exams if diagnosed.  Since this is an issue that has been ongoing for so long I don't feel I'll benefit all that much from the study skills training, especially after adopting techniques I have found on this sub.  Would it be possible to take the report they give me (if they do settle on a diagnosis of ADD) to my GP for a prescription for medication? Has this worked for anyone as an alternative to seeing a psychiatrist? I tried calling my GP practice earlier however they told me I need an appointment with my GP to even discuss this.  Has anyone else gone through this process with a private psychiatrist or educational psychologist in the UK and would you be willing to share your experiences and offer me any advice? Any recommendations for psychiatrists would be much appreciated, I am based in the North East and would be willing to travel.  I am especially interested in how much your assessment cost and what the outcomes were.  Thanks for reading and apologies if I have left any details out. Feel free to comment/PM for more information.
