68ff9785f49c89c1956715bac4f50f1b4624cd7e08c34ff7fe51a144459209dc;;;Questions about past visits with psychiatrist;;;Earlier this year I started seeing a psychiatrist about ADHD, potential diagnosis, and treatment.   This was at a university clinic, and I accepted working with a psychiatrist in-training. However, after 2 appointments, I was told that they couldn't diagnose me, because my case was not severe enough. This is based on my past academic record (3.7 gpa in my 3.5 years of college), and the symptoms I have described.   Instead, he (and his supervisor) insisted that my social development was severely lacking, and that this was the problem leading to my issues. I did mention that I had very little motivation to find friends/relationships, have only few friends, am introverted, and am lethargic in general. However, my social development isn't a problem for me, even though he insisted it was.   Through 2-3 more appointments, I insisted that my difficulties concentrating were problems, but that I was content with my social life. At this point I asked how many cases of adult ADHD they are treating - he mentioned two. In the end, after I said that I was fine being a person on the asocial side, he told me straight up that I should find a second-opinion, and that medication-based treatment for ADHD from this clinic was out of the question. The whole ordeal lasted 3 months.  Now, I am graduated from college, but I still believe (contrary to the psychiatrist's opinion) that medication-based treatment for ADHD can  help resolve the issues I have with concentrating, staying focused, motivated, and vigilant.  Couple questions:   Could the fact that this was a clinic in the university medical center deter psychiatrists from diagnosing new ADHD patients who are students? Is this common?  Am I able to ask for written records made by the psychiatrists?  Are they right, or should I seek a second opinion? Now I am hesitant about talking to a psychiatrist, could I just ask my physician to prescribe medication? What should I tell a doctor next time to convince him/her that it will help me? (I have already figured out that it does in fact help me)
