6acb0679c0a5388dfe8f0551cc108ba42275a961e90b5621e35a0dcccb26a5cb;;;I was brutally honest with my doctor. A bad thing?;;;Diagnosed age 10. (disinhibition, organizational difficulties, distractible)  I did not take meds until college. Freshman and sophomore year I was a pot head and I never really took the meds daily due to my irregular lifestyle. I used them only for certain lectures or days where I needed to get a lot done.  I have really been interested in learning a lot about my diagnosis this last year since quitting weed. (officially I have not smoked since mid-june, but the amount of weed drastically decreased since last fall)  Anyway, my doctor knows about my prior substance abuse issues. I was so excited to visit him to bring up all the challenges I have been having with ADHD and how I can benefit from medication. On the side I have been going to an ADHD support group, reading books and articles, ect.  However, I feel like I must have looked like the most drug-hungry person alive during my appointment. I have tried and failed at various behavioral therapy approaches and I know that medication will help me get over the hump. Yes, I am drug-seeking. But by the end of the 30 minutes I had with my psych I never really touched on any of the topics I wanted to discuss. I went off on tangents during the conversation and the doctor really did not ask many questions since I was dominating it. I told him so many things that are undoubtebly red flags (I had thought loops the other night in which I thought about what I would say during this appointment, I have roommates that all smoke, my roommate is a drug dealer, I offered to be drug tested today, I used to sell felony quantities of weed) - Somehow I ended up saying all these things, which are true...and I was not trying to lie.  The end result of the conversation was that the doctor very hesitantly mentioned that I will "maybe" be able to get back on medication in the future. (in which I questioned the "maybe" immediately)  I was SO PISSED OFF when he said "Oh, it doesn't seem like you are struggling in school", while indicating that I had above a 3.0 GPA...That absolutely set me off because I look at ADHD affecting all facets of my life, including school.....Being typical of an ADDer, instead of addressing my actual issues with studying, I reverted back to a previous discussion in which I did not get my final word in.  I don't even know what I am saying on here right now. I guess every time I talk to the doctor I want to have a plan but it gets so disrupted by my spur-of-the-moment thinking and logic. I feel as if he doesn't understand or follow that I am trying to prove to him that I am not abusing any drugs currently and that I will use a stimulant medication the right way, which, in essence, is what a person would do that is just trying to get uppers for recreational use....   My psych briefly reviews my file before each meeting and we seemingly have no rapport. (he was 20 minutes late to this last meeting so I was already angry)  I do not know how to approach my next consultation.  *It's important to note that I just came off of Lamictal (a mood stablizer). I had an episode of mania that my psych has concluded was most likely because of the weed and not from an actual BP diagnosis.  TL;DR- I come off as an irresponsible drug abuser, when I have truly changed and want to convince my doctor I am in the right mindset.
