6bc6a1c822903f7bfd6f3f726f8e85658024ba2fd1f838b8853320400ed0dd53;;;Been off treatment for over 10 years. How do I get back on the bandwagon?;;;Hi y'all, I've been subscribed for a couple weeks; first time poster. Little background: diagnosed with ADHD (the inattentive, non-hyper kind) when I was in the fifth grade. Started taking Ritalin and saw my grades go from C's and D's to A's. Then when I was in junior high I stopped taking my meds for some reason. I seriously don't remember why I stopped. My guess is, I thought I was better and could manage without them. I coped (albeit barely) through high school and college. Somehow, I managed to get mostly A's and B's but I procrastinated terribly and generally felt frustrated with my study habits (or lack thereof). I love learning but I was always the kid who had potential but lacked motivation. I'm sure most of you have heard that at some point in your lives.  Now I'm 25, married, a mom, and I feel like I just can't juggle it all anymore, especially on the reduced amount of sleep I'm getting. Back in December I started seeing an ADHD specialist in my town but she just wasn't a good fit for me. Her office was a mess, her receptionist never had her stuff together (e.g., they just billed my insurance last week for a visit I had in December), and she tried to push Juice Plus and Reiki on me. Just wasn't a good match.  Basically, what I'm hoping for from you all is some advice as to where to go next. I was hoping I could see some improvement from a more natural treatment plan (better diet, exercise, therapy, etc.) but honestly, I just don't have the time right now, or the focus. Maybe I will someday. For now I just need to get my stuff together. Drugs baby, drugs. Now that I'm done breastfeeding they are a viable option. Do most of you just have your general MD prescribe your meds? Do you see a psychiatrist? A psychologist? I know I need some therapy for this and other issues but having to juggle multiple doctors sounds exhausting. Help?  **TL;DR-** 25 y/o female, diagnosed as a child. No formal treatment since early teens. Where should I start?  Any help is greatly appreciated!!
