6c177b11f78d4ae955d9f4fda10311f210d42818bf313372b4a1264926dce298;;;What means accepting that you have ADHD for you?;;;When I was diagnosed, at age twelve, the psychologist told me I wasn’t accepting that I had ADHD and I should work on that in therapy. I thought this was ridicules, I was accepting it but it didn’t change anything. Everyone has something to deal with, I had a little harder time concentrating than others, so what? I still have to live up to the same standards as anyone else, it isn’t an excuse for anything. I was doing fine in high school because it was easy as hell, so for me there wasn’t really a problem. I did not want any extra time on tests, if I get the same diploma as these other kids I will have to do it the same way. I took the meds, forgetting them half the time, to keep my parents happy.  Because I didn’t see any problem therapy was useless. I was a very manipulative girl, I knew what to tell the therapist and what not so she would tell my parents I was making great progress and I didn’t have to go anymore.  Now, 8 years later I will be getting therapy again because of depression. I’m taking antidepressants for a while now and I want to get off of it. I have signed up somewhere that’s also specialised in ADHD in adults, and it got me thinking. I don’t think I ever accepted having ADHD, but I have no clue how to accept it or what acceptance even looks like.   I came to this conclusion because of lurking around this sub and getting close with a guy who also has ADHD (I never really talked to anyone who also had it). He was only diagnosed a few years ago and he described that feeling of finally understanding his symptoms. I noticed that I hold him and all of you here to other standards than myself. If anyone for example describes how hard it to start something, I don’t your lazy. But I do think that of myself. I also feel like taking medication to help me study is cheating. However I would never think less of my friend for taking Ritalin. I still feel like it doesn’t excuse anything, I have never sad to anyone I’m sorry about this result but this is a little harder for me because I have ADHD.    I don’t know what accepting it means, I know I’m not doing but, but I have no clue how I could. On the contrary, I am accepting my depression. It something that can happen to anyone, it’s not my fault and I will overcome this. Maybe because the depression will go away and I’m pretty sure I will have to deal with having ADHD forever.   I will definitely bring this up in therapy but I was wondering what some of your thoughts are on this?  TL;DR: I don’t know how to accept having ADHD, what does accepting it means to you?  I do not mean to offend anyone by this. I think you are all very strong being able to recognize and to deal with the daily struggles that come with this while keeping your chins up.
