6c3f6d7e93c1ae2c1d60f4cc8b2b408b1d141edabc25fb60589e2b9fdf418834;;;Certain I have ADHD. I will be undergoing testing through the health center at my university in a couple of weeks. Seeking advice/guidance;;;Hi guys,  I'm new to this subreddit. I'm mainly a lurker on Reddit, but I would like to seek some advice/guidance from this community.  A bit of background:  As a teenager, I was diagnosed with MDD (major depressive disorder) and GAD (generalized anxiety disorder). I have been on and off SSRIs, SNRIs, benzos/mood stabilizers throughout much of my adolescence and young adult life. I'm a 24-year old female.   Without divulging too many details, I had a very traumatic upbringing and have been diagnosed with PTSD. This past winter, I went through some major episodes of depression. I live in Michigan, so it's not uncommon for some people to go through the winter blues, or SAD (seasonal affective disorder).   When I was 3, my grandmother told my mom that I needed to be on Ritalin because of my hyperactivity and high levels of energy, but my mom refused to put me on any type of medication. I have never been diagnosed with ADHD, but now I am going to get tested for it since I exhibit many signs of it.   In recent months and weeks, I have been experiencing panic attacks, low motivation, lethargy, outbursts of irritation/anger at trivial things and I constantly experience racing thoughts and jump to conclusions.  My wonderful, patient and supportive boyfriend has been there for me through all of the turmoil this year. I am a graduate student seeking to get my Masters of Social Work and I'm the news editor for my campus' newspaper.  The panic attacks and anxiety I've been dealing with have been crippling and debilitating. I've missed work, class and internship due to them in recent months.   After talking with my mom and boyfriend, in addition to doing some research, it's becoming more and more evident that I may have ADHD. It would not surprise since my father (now deceased) had ADHD and self medicated. (Marijuana was only the substance that helped him. Unfortunately he turned to harder drugs that had a role in his untimely death). My twelve year old brother has also been diagnosed with ADHD. It seems there is a genetic component.   After talking with my boyfriend, who also happens to have ADHD and has received the proper treatment, we are both certain I have it as well.  These are the signs and symptoms I experience on a regular basis:  -Impulsivity, I want to act on something right away and I jump to conclusions. -Procrastination. I put too many things off until the very last minute. I tend to avoid them by hyper focusing on an entirely different task. -I get started on tasks, but have a difficult time finishing them. -I have very poor organizational skills. My desk at work and my bedroom is a mess. I've never been much of an organized person. -I'm forgetful and I tend to lose items (such as my phone, car keys, etc on a daily basis). -I experience difficulty paying attention to lectures in class or I have trouble focusing while reading a textbook and often have to go back and re-read a paragraph several times over before moving on.  -I tend to "blurt out" answers a lot and interrupt people without thinking about it at certain times.  -I have major issues with focusing on one thing at a time. My mind is constantly jumping from one thing to another.  -I overreact, I'm impatient and I'm prone to being defensive.  After visiting my psychiatrist and explaining the symptoms, she agrees that it would not be a surprise if I have ADHD. I will be undergoing extensive testing in early May from a psychologist to find out if I have it.  The antidepressants I've been taking have not been working. I was recently put on Klonopin (which does help with my anxiety) and I've been prescribed LeMICtal (25 mg) which is a mood stabilizer. I am also on Pristiq (50 mg) for the time being.   I also experience trouble sleeping at night because of racing thoughts and constant worries. I'm more likely to sleep during the day by taking naps after I get home from class/work/internship because I'm exhausted and unmotivated. I find that my worries from putting things off become depressive thoughts and I find ways to distract myself from them until I absolutely need to get them done.   I also have a hard time sitting still and I fidget/squirm a lot in my seat. I always feel like I have to be doing something and have trouble relaxing.   My boyfriend, who has a background in chemistry, biotechnology and pharmacy, feels I was improperly diagnosed with MDD. I think he may be right.   At this point in time, I can not say for sure that I do have ADHD since I have not been formally diagnosed, but I'm highly certain I have it and have had it, it has just gone untreated throughout the course of my life.   I apologize for the novel, just wanted to share some points so it makes sense.   What would you guys recommend I do for the time being until I undergo testing and get the results? What habits/rituals should I begin to ease the difficulties I've been dealing with lately and for much of my life?   Thank you for taking the time to read this. Any advice/suggestions are greatly appreciated. This seems like a very supportive and helpful community. I look forward to your feedback.   TL;DR - 24 year old female who may have ADHD. Has family history of ADHD and exhibits many of the signs and symptoms. May have been wrongly diagnosed with MDD. Will be undergoing testing through my university's psychiatric/psychological services in early May to find out if I have ADHD. Seeking advice and tips to help me stay on task with school, work and other aspects of my life.
