6d39a3ef2474b9614600a2ba7263db0c2517eb69d94d89a8e5fe7f8b3a3efa38;;;16 year old and I strongly suspect I have ADHD, but my Asian parents don't want to get me tested and probably won't sign papers or cooperate in the process. Is it possible to get a diagnosis without them being involved?;;;The way I first suspected I have ADHD is mostly through this subreddit. The usual descriptions of ADHD curated by websites are usually pretty vague (nowadays, who isn't inattentive?) and could apply to most people, and since I didn't want to be that teenager who diagnoses himself with a new disorder every other week (OCD, Gluten allergy etc.). ADHD in particular has a reputation for being overly diagnosed, so I just chalked it up to me being especially lazy. However, Redditors are very descriptive in their posts and I suddenly noticed that all these bothersome traits were very very noticeable in me. Everything that I found other people didn't do (I kept track) was in some way related to ADHD.  I do have some doubts, but I've decided that I should get tested. I suggested it offhandedly to my parents, but they're very conservative and since I'm a firstborn Asian son and am supposed to do go to Ivy League (I kinda do, and a diagnosis would actually help) or whatever they are in very deep denial and strongly oppose testing me for it. They also probably would prefer to keep calling me lazy my whole life instead of acknowledging any condition I might have.  **They are unbelievably stereotypical Asian parents**  I really want to get tested for ADHD since it would be a lot of help, but according to Reddit wiki and several other sources, the process takes months, involves a crapton of paperwork and legal declarations, and I might not even be diagnosed since my country, Singapore, has an institutional bias against "laziness" in all its forms. In fact, Adderall is banned here and Ritalin is mostly for children.  During this process, if my parents are informed of any attempts on my part, they have a chance of absolutely flipping out, punishing me severely and it's very likely they won't cooperate. Hence, I'd prefer to do this with as little parental involvement as possible. Problem is, I'm still a dependent (again, 16 years old) so most of the advice related to "do your own diagnosis now that you're a grown-ass man" will not apply.  I don't exactly need any fancy drugs since I've brute forced myself into focus pretty well (i.e. running 13km a day until my head loses blood circulation and also meditation), but I do really need the diagnosis for several reasons. **TL;DR I have super conservative stereotypical Asian parents who refuse to cooperate in diagnosis. As a 16 year old, is there any way I can get a diagnosis without needing their permission (even more preferable if they don't know)?**  EDIT: still reading and responding to all replies, just asleep because sleep is important and delays death
