6ed12598c73beabefc67c5f71cf692db232a406103c59a74b1ee4ea4aba61259;;;Just started vyvanse, not sure what to look for.;;;First, I'll give some backstory.  I was diagnosed with ADHD-PI (mild) after taking a battery of tests (woodcock Johnson, iq, etc.). This was recent, and the test was done because the psychiatrists were not sure I had ADHD.  The test came back and they explained to me that while my average IQ was high, I struggled on the attention and processing speed parts of the test. I was told that this is common in those people that can make their way through high school fine, but then begin to struggle in college as the workload increases.  I just finished my first year of college and really struggled to study and complete work in a timely manner, which was very frustrating to me, because I knew I could do better if I could just focus in the lectures or stay on task.  Outside of that, I don't have the severity of problems that many of this subreddit do. I would love to be able to know what to look for, as this is all new to me.  --End backstory--  I took a 20mg Vyvanse today at 10:30am and felt the effects soon after. It started with euphoria and a bit of nausea, and slowly faded into a more energetic feeling for a bit. After that, I suddenly got very tired and struggled to not nap to see the full effects of the medication. The tiredness eventually faded and I think I felt more sharp and clear in my thinking, but not enough to where other people say it is as "flipping a switch". However, I could tell when it had worn off (I think) because I could feel a transition from a clear head to a more "foggy" state. I'm now laying in bed at 2:00am trying to sleep but having a little difficulty. My body is tired but my mind is not, even though I feel like it has worn off. There might be some residual paranoia (don't know if it is from the comedown).  I guess I don't know what to look for in terms of how to optimize my medication. What should I look for to know that it is helping? I liked the clear headedness, but I didn't feel an ease of focus. Should I test it in a scenario in which I would normally struggle (such as reading or listening to a lecture)?   Sorry for the long post, I am just new to it all.  TL;DR : how should I be able to know if the medication is working properly, and that it is not too strong and not too little? Also, why did I get so tired?
