6eea9b6afe0c0678cc7688081d3070ac938c1ecdde132b8dc52a4c1e5db43721;;;Almost a year on Vyvanse, successful thus far;;;Last year I started what is only my second full-time office job. Prior to that my life was filled with frequent moves around the country and frequent changes of job from one retail job to the next, from gas stations to big-box stores.    I won't go that far back though... That's a whole other can a worms...    Anyway! Around this time last year I was afraid of losing that job, afraid of losing the financial stability, afraid of my future and chances of having a quality life.  My work was suffering, my home life was suffering, my relationships were suffering.  I couldn't focus, my quick flights to anger and frustration became more frequent, which increased my frequency of guilt and sorrow over it all. How could I treat the ones I love this way? What would I do if I lost my job? If I can't get through this job, what does it mean for the next job? If I can't keep a full-time job with good pay and benefits, how will I ever be anything but a burden to those I love?    I couldn't focus, I was lost in the thoughts that bounced around in my head, I had extreme difficulties keeping up with all the notes I had to write at work just to barely make it through the work day, I would forget to feed the kitties, I'd get absolutely nothing done because every two seconds I wanted to do something new! Needless to say, I was in a bad place.    Luckily through some research online, talking to 2 people in my very small network of friends, and encouragement from my boyfriend; I sought out help.    It wasn't going to be easy of course, my parent's opinion and the way I was brought up, would weigh heavily upon my chest. It was hard to think of seeing a doctor, but I did. Just calling a doctor was hard, picking up the phone and deciding that now, now was my time and now I needed help and now I would address this and with help fix this. I made the appointment a month out because I was still scared.    The month passed by and I educated myself as much as I could, through this subreddit, documentaries, papers, TedTalks, those 2 close friends, while I told my family nothing and my boyfriend everything.   I went in to the doctor, and was lucky to find someone trustworthy and understanding. I told him my issues and how my work life was now being effected, that I couldn't cope anymore on my own - all the lists in the world wouldn't save me - and after lengthy questioning he diagnosed me with ADHD.    The next two months(mid aug - mid oct 2014) I was on only Ritalin and it was awful, so terrible, I was still quick to frustration and anger - more so than before - and was experiencing terrible head aches. Things were worse, I'd lost hope, with so many other options out there for what could help it felt overwhelming.    My doctor and I concluded that Ritalin just wasn't an option.    He started me on Vyvanse and monitored me closely. At first it was amazing, the initial two weeks on Vyvanse even at a low dose was incredible! I was so excited, then half the benefits had faded. My boyfriend still encouraged me to continue, to keep trying. I kept going back to the doctor's appointments and over time my dose was upped to 40mg Vyvanse.    My dose has not changed since February of this year, I was able to keep my job, my home life is good and stable, my relationship with my boyfriend is stronger than ever, I was able to admit to my parents that I had ADHD which to my surprise they accepted (our family has a history of different mental issues, but it was always hush-hush and shameful, mental disorders were laughed at just the way the media in the US has liked to do for so long), even our pets are happier!    Don't misunderstand what I say though, things are not all better and my life is not all pots of gold and kitties and rainbows and I wouldn't want to give that impression. I still have to make greater efforts to remember and stay focused than if I didn't have ADHD, the benefits and clarity that I got in the first two weeks following the start of Vyvanse have not returned nor do I expect them to. I still have my bad days, but I can honestly say that I am happy for the first time in my life. I am happy with me.    This isn't meant to be fact or representative of what everyone will experience. This just one person's story among thousands of others out there. There were numerous struggles and pain and suffering to get the point I'm at, not just in the experience since the thought I could have ADHD to diagnosis to now, but also in the 28 years prior... This post is already too long though...  **TL;DR**  I just wanted to say thank you /r/ADHD for helping me, whether I posted or just read, whether you responded or just read. Thank you for being a part of me getting my life back from the grips of ADHD and the depression that was paired with it. If you told me a year ago that I'd be where I am now, I'd never have believed you.
