6ef55987ed3abc72a5de6956f8b9934a6cb2fe272fa7a616069e634bdb4715c9;;;Help! Is disclosing ADHD to my boss a bad idea?;;;I've always been horrible at procrastination and meeting deadlines, but managed to get a decent job b/c the work I eventually turn in is good. My time-management issues have stopped me from advancing in my career, but I think my supervisor has finally lost his patience with me. He told me he needs a plan from me of how I am going to better manage my time so this won't continue happening . I think if I don't give him a satisfying answer I'll be one step away from getting fired (which would be totally reasonable for him to do—I've given more than enough cause over the years).  I'm currently on 20mg vyvanse (and thinking of going up to 30) which has been a subtle help and started seeing an adhd coach a month ago. I'm also in the process of finding a therapist to start seeing weekly. So that's my real plan to improve time management. But I don't know if that's what I should say. I don't want my boss to think I'm giving an excuse or expecting special treatment.  Since starting treatment I've become better at organization, at doing small chores and responding to work emails in a timely manner. I also think I'm starting to get better at not hiding when I've missed a deadline. But it feels like chipping away at this huge stumbling block, and my ability to focus and buckle down hasn't gotten much better. With the help of the ADHD coach, I'm starting to use timers to get me to start working, but I don't think that strategy has made a difference yet.   [In case it's relevant , my psychiatrist only gave me an informal diagnosis, and I have not been tested. So I don't have any documentation.]  Tldr: my boss wants me to give him a plan for how I will fix my time management and stop missing deadlines. Can I tell him "I have been diagnosed with adhd and have begun treatment and have hired an organization coach—these are the steps I've taken to fix the problem, and expect gradual results over the next few months." Or is there another alternative?
