6f2fbe90d96acc90e422b62f94e5d6ca13ba404b8b46a34532e17877c77c0c8c;;;ADHD -&gt; Anxiety -&gt; Depression.;;;I'll get straight to the point. I realised that my undiagnosed ADHD has had a huge impact on me and I wasn't even aware of it until now. The problem wasn't that obvious until now but I've always had signs in my life, everything makes sense now.   Although I kind of knew it, I hadn't realised how much it affected my life. I am at university right now and my life is a nightmare at the moment. I made a lot of posts here and the r/BipolarReddit about the problems I face. Well, I realised that my ADHD made me feel incompetent in relation to classmates and that fact, slowly, over the years has had a huge impact on my confidence.   The fact that I don't believe in myself and my power, brings me a lot of anxiety related mainly to my academic life but also in life generally s well. When I'm anxious, or overly anxious, my personality and all these things that make me, me (introspection, thinking, analysing and writing things and thoughts) disappear. Then I start feeling I'm loosing myself and I become depressed. Very depressed. I should mention though that there are sings of bipolar disorder as well, as my whole life has been a "OH MY GOSH EXISTENCE IS A MIRACLE" or a nightmare.  I had underestimated how much anxiety and ADHD affects my life and only realised it recently when my life started getting really bad and I started sinking into severe depression. Right now I'm feeling better, I think I start have interest for life again but my mood is so unpredictable.  I started working with myself really hard cause I can't stand this anymore. I'll go to doctors (again) and try to find a way out. I need help.  I won't mention the bipolar disorder to the psych yet. I first want to see if I really have it. (wait for the manic-hypomanic episode)  TL;DR  I realised that ADHD made me believe subconsciously I'm not capable enough which causes a lot of anxiety which causes quite severe depression. There are sings of bipolar disorder as well, but not sure.
