6f905450af56f1161f07ad70e0965c72eef3de328ba4d7c7201e1596e1670d71;;;Fits the description of having SCT perfectly, except the "sluggish" part. Also, I am one fucked up individual.;;;So after reading up on /r/SCT , I realized that this fits me almost perfectly.   * I do have selective attention. * It does feel like my mind is foggy. * I sometimes have problems finishing stu * I stare alot - Like my eyes get sort of "locked" wide open while staring at a fixed object. * I can also carry out a conversation, without being mentally present. Like, what the fuck. My subconscious registers what the other person says, but I could be in my own world, thinking about some entirely other shit. And when I "return", I go all "uhm, what did you say again?" and they just stare at me kind of dumb. * I lose shit kind of often - I forget stuff all the time (like forgetting my backpack or some stupid shit like that). * Since I was little i have always been told that I'm "in my own world". * My mind is a fuck, there's nothing I want more than to have control over my brain.   But on the other hand, I am a pretty social guy.  I go to parties, I hook up with nice looking chicks, I have a confidence way above the average - On the verge of narcissism maybe?  I have alot of friends too, the "popular" ones, and the more geeky, intellectual ones. One "kind" of friends simply dosen't sate me, I need different kinds of stimulation.  I think I have a lower amount of empathy - I couldn't care less about the feelings of people, and I see it as a victory if I manage to manipulate another human being, but I'm extremely sympathic (fuck logic). Like, if I see a fat person waiting in line at the post office, I can get so fucking depressed thinking about how hard he must have had it, dealing with shit in his life. I also find myself analyzing every bit of social interaction.  I kind of feel like the character Dexter Morgan in "Dexter", in the sense of that there is so much crazy shit going on inside of me when I'm seemingly normal. I don't engage in the killing part, lol.  Also, I'm very active when I want to. I lift weights, and I do acrobatics. When I start to train, I usually don't quit until I'm too tired to do whatever I was doing, and this might be for 3 -4 hours. I train rigoriously.  I visit a shrink, but he is kind of retarded. I mentioned "inattentive" once, and he hit me up with ritalin 20mg XR and 10mg IR. Whenever I give him feedback, and try to tell him that It helps just a tiny bit, he goes "BUT IT HELPS RIGHT?".  I just remembered I suck at structurizing shit and that I should probably reformat this whole text but my back is killing me because of this fucking office chair piece of shit so I will do it later if it looks absolutely horrendrous.  So my question is: What the fuck is going on inside my head?
