6fa7d54f1cd92130e5fbfea44b94dc76b6359a6883e67e451e296c36500cf271;;;Need help...feel like I'm swirling downwards.;;;I've been a long time lurker, but this is my first time posting.  Like the title says, it feels like I'm spiralling downwards, just waiting to hit the ground any day now.   I'm a student in my second year of law school and in the past I've generally been able to handle my symptoms fairly well. I was diagnosed during undergrad, and that marked a huge turnaround in my life. I went from being twice on academic probation (one away from expulsion), to getting 4.0 in both my last years alongside a very good lsat score and landing myself in a very good law school.  Since the beginning of this year, however, I feel like everything has been falling apart. I simply don't have the motivation to do any of my assignments, nor any of my extracurricular duties. I'm way behind on basically all my schoolwork, I've more or less skipped all of my readings, I missed applying for jobs during the normal application period, effectively barring me from all the big firms, the club I started in my first year is starting to lose their patience with me as I've been completely AWOL on all my duties, and to make things worse, my parents are going through financial troubles for the first time I can remember.  I feel like there is a big boulder that is consistently crushing down on me that I just don't know how to deal with. I live with my gf that is wonderful and accepting, but I feel like its unfair to keep putting her through this crap. I went from being a neat freak to a slob, from running 10km a day to picking up smoking again, from being enthusiastic and excited about future projects to dodging any and all responsibility like the plague, from waking up at 6am everyday to barely waking up at 11. I'm scared, angry, and don't know what to do.  I feel like everyone around me is suddenly so well organized and on top of their shit while I'm just fooling everyone around me and the gig's just about up.  I take 50mg vyvanse once a day, the same dose I've been on for the past 4 years, but suddenly it does nothing for me. I just become emotionally muted and seek to sit and play videogames or watch tv.  Has anyone here been in a situation like this? How did you get out? Any help would be amazing, because, frankly I'm terrified...
