700630a2170c898ea5edd92bebad422e525d5c0538170c88466944dab93390c8;;;To those who are not medicated...;;;We all have our different reasons.  Financial concerns, physiology, and even moral ones.   Mine are more on the financial side, but even then I feel like I might be better off without meds.  I was diagnosed about six months ago and have never been medicated.  For me, the best treatment - first and foremost - has been knowing exactly what's been going on with my brain these past 33 years.    I'd always known I was different from "normal" people.  I saw the struggles I was having keeping up with what everyone around me seemed to just naturally have a handle on... and that bothered the shit out of me.    Now, knowing what I'm dealing with, I keep this thought in mind: I'm a round peg in a square peg world.  There are things that I simply HAVE to do differently or else I'll never get them done.    We're amazing at finding shortcuts so that we have to deal with shit for the least amount of time possible.   Some people think of it as lazy, but I'm training myself to see it as being resourceful.    I'm terrible at keeping up with dishes and laundry and cleaning.  Instead of constantly trying to fight myself do tackle that huge stack of dishes that shows up in the sink every night, I downgraded and threw a lot of them/gave stuff away.  I will never again have more than three plates in the sink, because that's all I have.    Little shit like that.  It's all in your frame of mind and how you perceive your problems.  For the most part, there really isn't anything in our day to day lives that's changing, but simply the way we perceive and react to it.  The perception is the "easy" part.  The reaction, fuuuuck.     I'm still trying to get a handle on the rage fits - which have been much more sparse - because Im focusing on taking the physical triggers (tunnel vision, burning head sensation) and using them as reminds that when I start to feel this way, it's time to slow the fuck down.     Find, or make some circular holes that you fit in to naturally instead of forcing yourselves in to square ones that you could probably force yourself in to, but at what cost?
