703682efbd79a043dfefc99103f5876e55b9f681afc475f87fa69d7bc8bd5bb7;;;Been having a rough time, wish I had found this earlier.;;;So at the title states I'm in a bad place, I am 25, married, in the military, oh and to top it off I was rediagnosed with ADHD after almost 10 years of being off medications. Long story short my wife and I got married 4 years ago, I deployed (no where with gunfire) but was working 18+ hours a day 6 days a week for 9 months. When I came back my wife started to notice my moods where changing, my anger got worse and I had serious road rage. I told myself I could handle it by my self, my job is and has been for the last few years extremely stressful. Long hours not enough time to decompress so stress from work come home and bled into everything. My wife has depression and anxiety, and I am actually going to get diagnosed with what I can only assume is the same thing. My ADHD and my attempt in fixing it myself has been a complete failure and I ended up almost destroying my marriage in November. Sadly things are worse as of now, I know this seems like a rant but there is a moral to it.  In November I broke down, the stress of ever thing crushed me, and I started reading, some books I read over and over again. If anyone is getting into a very serious relationship, is getting married, or even if you are married I would suggest you read these books. These were recommended to me by a therapist, and may be the changing factor of if my marriage is done for good. From one person who thought he was dealing with something new, and was alone I'm here to tell you that you are not alone and someone will always understand.   The Five Love Languages- Gary Chapman: This book will help you realize how you as a person feel love, and how to love your significant other. It can help you from alienating them when you don't understand and can keep you grounded in you relationship.  The ADHD Effect on Marriage- Melissa Orlov: This book has been my saving grace the past few weeks, I bought it a few months ago at Barnes and Noble after forgetting about it. This book talks alot about how your ADHD may actually be affecting you relationship and signs that you may find not that will save you heartache in the future. It talks about many things I thought were just wrong with me and not a lot of people who have ADHD.  The last one was recommended to me again recently that I could not remember the name of but if it is anything like the last it will be of great help to someone.  Is it you, me, or adult ADHD- Gina Pera  Again sorry for the rant, but I hope this will help you as I hope it will help me, and may it save the relationships you cherish most.
