704e9bf4093216f98c61b72ac0686188099bcdca2321f395737e7bf3f191c328;;;Feeling a weird sense of hope (long post);;;Summary up to this point: fiance kicked me out, took everything. Ta da.  This has been a very long road for me despite that it has only been three weeks. But it has been the most painful, sadness-filled, angry, and hopeless time in my life. I found out I have ADHD and depression during this time (shortly after my fiance left me). I learned that a lot of the problems I had (anger, sadness, lack of positive emotion, inability to connect, selfishness, and difficulty staying committed) were in someway shape or form related to or a byproduct of these new found diagnoses.   My porn addiction (/r/pornfree), alcohol abuse (/r/stopdrinking), the pain and torment I put her through, and my cheating ways pushed her away. And I would never once say to anyone that she made the wrong choice. But, nonetheless, it hurts immensely.   I just got on my meds recently (ADHD and depression) and I saw glimpses of the light through the darkness. And I feel differently than usual. I was susceptible to pain. I was weak again. I crumbled and cried. I experienced panic attacks from the pain. She was ruthless throughout the process. And I can explain it all and understand it all, but I just can't handle it emotional. It's the first time that I have been so emotionally present. And the poor guy shows up at the wrong time. To be beaten and hammered down so ruthlessly.  But, after about three weeks of it. I am finally starting to come to terms. It has taken a lot. I may lose my job because of how much time I have taken traveling to seek counseling and get properly medicated. And frankly, I would much rather lose my job and have to move back home than continue the path I was on. I can find another job. I can't change the pain I have caused for her. And I will make that sacrifice if need be to ensure that I never am that person again. Because I am worth becoming who I know I am capable of being. And that person is amazing. And that is what I want. And that, fellow readers, is why I am feeling weird. Weirdly positive. And that's okay.  TL;DR: Fucked my whole life up with bad choices, got my just deserves, felt hopeless, got my emotions put through a grinder, came out the other side and saw hope.
