70b7b95b793c2cbb7262fc26708a3ae9ab3f819acbaeaf27497955e8efa57602;;;First day medicated. Aaaaannnnddd panic attack.;;;Long time lurker here and in need of your guys wisdom.     Sorry,Preface here, 25 yo M physically fit active duty marine.   I've always known I needed to be medicated for ADHD it's always been quite apparent. But recently, my work results, mood, all around effectiveness as a human being has just felt to be deteriorating. I only refused medication as a younger man because I had heard it would keep you from being allowed to enlist in the armed forces.   Fast forward   I caved. I needed to do something, I just wanted to be able to perform like I thought I should be able to. Reading your guys success stories really made me take this leap, I was ready to try anything.   This week I was finally diagnosed and today I took my first pill. 20mg of adderall XR. I took it around 1430 excited to start my prescription.   I don't think I had any major changes today I suspect maybe a little placebo was taking place. but I did feel a little bit more focused to be honest.   Work is over and I'm driving home. I'm about 5 minutes into my drive when it happens. Hands down, the worst panic attack of my life. I thought I was going die in that car. First the adrenaline came, then my heart began to pound and my chest got tight. I couldn't catch my breath and the terror and panic defeated me. I flagged down a car because I planned on them calling 911 in the event I lost consciousness. I parked and tried to gather myself because.. fuck I don't know isn't that what your supposed to do?  Calm down?   I never ended requesting emergency services. After about 1 minute parked it came down. The adrenaline was fading, my breath was coming back and chest loosening.   I do have a history of anxiety. I've had some smaller attacks in the past and this week at work was pretty tough. But I've never experienced anything close to that.   I will talk to doc in the morning about this to see if I should continue this dose/type and talk about options.   But I guess my questions for the community are:  has anyone else experienced this or heard of similar incidents?   should I take my morning dose?   Thank you in advance and sorry for the poor grammar.
