71f539d008ba4bee9a1bfd16623e927d84ffcf6807810a7e362642731366d078;;;Making an ADHD PSA for film school, need suggestions!;;;I'm currently in film school and for one of my classes we need to create a Public Service Announcement. I wanted to create mine on something that hits home for me, so I chose ADHD. I was diagnosed 7 years ago and worked very hard to get through school with it, and I'm continuing the journey with it through college (Im sure you all know the struggle).   In my PSA I will be conveying what it feels like to take a test when you forget your meds. The point of the PSA is to educate people that ADD and ADHD are real conditions. I want to do this by placing them in someones shoes who has the condition by using POV shots and other film techniques.   Unfortunately I have come across many people who write of ADD/ADHD as fake excuses. I'd like this PSA to show people like this what it really feels like to live with the condition.  In the scene the student will sit down to take the test, but it will continuously cut to things that are distracting him. Examples: Shots of the clock ticking, fingers tapping, people biting on pencils. But I would also like there to be cuts to other things outside of the classroom (like quick flashbacks) that may be distracting him. Im looking for suggestions of things that you may often find yourself distracted by.   Finally the most important thing I need your help and opinions on is the PSA's tagline. The tagline goes at the end of the PSA and should be short but effective. My current idea is something like: "ADHD, Its Real, Its Common, Its Complicated". Let me know what you think and please give me any suggestions for any part of this PSA.   Also, if have a story about a time your ADHD/ADD effected your ability to focus on a test, please describe your story to me and how you felt. Use as much detail as you can so I can try to find a way to make the viewer feel what your describing.   Im asking a lot with this post, but I think its for something that could truly help our community. Please feel free to say as much or as little as you like! All suggestions help!
