7249e8b5a9961999cfbcd1485cc7f974515100ec352e14b1d36e1a82ec5a25e6;;;Inattentive, Hyperactive, and Mixed: How long do your medications need to take effect? The more responses the better.;;;I'm predominantly inattentive, and my Vyvanse starts working in about half an hour, wears off in six. Taking it for several days in a row has no additional good effects.  I want to hear from those diagnosed with hyperactive/impulsive type, as well as other inattentive types and mixed types:  1) medications you are taking, dosage, and frequency of use?  2) How long do your medications need to take effect? At what point can you tell they are working? How long until they wear off?  3) Do your symptoms reduce more if you take them consistently over several days? Or do they go away for a few hours and then return immediately? Be sure to specify *which* symptoms (inattentive or impulsive/hyperactive) reduce when.  4) When do you take medications, would you describe the experience as more ~~Energized, or Calm? More Stressed, or Lethargic?~~ EDIT:Let's rephrase, that was too vague... does it make you feel more awake? Or more sleepy?  If you are interested, here is the reason I am asking the question. No need to worry about it otherwise :)   Please answer BEFORE reading so as not to bias the results too much, you can edit in any comments about the text below afterwords. ------------------ There is some controversy surrounding whether people with ADHD are hyperdopaminergenic or hypodopaminergenic. Hyperdopaminergenic mice seem to match hyperactive symptoms and hypodopaminergenic mice seem to be inattentive. Paradoxically, both types of mice become more "normal" under stimulant medication...I think the effects of stimulant medication work by different mechanisms for various symptoms. I suspect stimulants control hyperactivity by affecting receptor up/down regulation, while controlling inattentiveness by effecting dopamine concentration at the synapse. Since these two mechanisms take different amounts of time, I want to know how long it takes each group to receive benefits from medication. I am asking this question just to get some quick and dirty anecdotal data to see if people's experiences line up with my predictions, to see whether this line of questioning is worth pursuing. It would explain some of the paradoxical qualities of stimulant medication on hyperactivity. It would be useful too, because it would suggest that the your symptoms determine the best way to time your medications."  EDIT: Not enough responses. I has a sad :'(
