7268b4161b1b59a6ed616f3b2359d939f16ca97337f3ca08dadf9892720332e4;;;Humiliated due to urinalysis at school;;;Edit: I had no idea this would blow up so fast! Thanks so much for the kind words everyone.  Also to answer a few questions. .the nursing office has a list of my meds so they could have cross referenced.  Also I go to school in the US. U am meeting with my advisor today to discuss what happened and call a meeting with the staff. I will update when that happens.  I'm in nursing school and we have to get random drug screenings. Last week we had a random urinalysis done, we have had this done before and I received a phone call from the screening company telling me that I tested positive for amphetamines and to provide a picture of my medication bottle. This time no one called me so I assumed I was fine. However, today during class our Dean of Students and a director came and announce my name. I raised my hand and I was told to gather all of my things and come with them at once. this was in front of my entire nursing program. I was taken to a separate room and told that I tested positive and the drug screen, and then I was handed a sheet of paper. The paper says I tested positive for amphetamines, I explained that I take medication for ADD. The director then proceeded to tell me that I should have gotten a phone call from the screening company, however when I told her I never received the phone call she gave me the number and then I realize that I had been getting calls from that number but I assumed it was a sales call since whenever I tried to call back all I got was an error message. The good news is I was able to clear everything up, the bad news is I was embarrassed in front of my entire class and when I returned to class everyone assumed that I had tested positive for drugs. I've then had to clear the air with my fellow classmates and explain to them that I take a medication that shows up on a drug screen. I feel like my privacy was violated, &amp; I had to miss an entire day's worth of lectures due to the amount of time it took to process my information at the screening company. I am Not sure this is the correct thread to post this in, but aren't there some sort of regulations that are in place to prevent things like this from happening? Was it necessary that I was pulled out of class in the manner that I was?
