734611de4e3e6b5e59637c72658e15bac6e504d27967a5076a2592a1d30683b9;;;Looking to get treatment without insurance;;; I received a diagnosis of ADD when I was in middle or high school, I'm not really sure since my mother didn't really make a big deal about it and kind of hid the results out of fear of me being labeled.  Anyhow, I saw a commercial (when I was a Junior in College) about ADD and thought that I had a lot of symptoms, pressed the issue with her and she confessed that I had been diagnosed with it when I was younger.  Anyhow, I went on and off meds, I was never really able to have a consistent doctor and thought that I could take myself off scripts on my own when I got frustrated with my doctors.  As I've gotten older, I've realized that it is still a major problem and affects me significantly. I feel that I'm mature enough to see a doctor in the proper manner and get real help.  The only down side is now I've gotten to the point where I have a job that doesn't provide health insurance and highly doubt that I can afford to get proper treatment.  I've had comorbidly with depression, alcoholism, and possible brief periods of mania (but they may or may not have been related to Delirium Tremens)   I've taken Adderall in regular and XR forms, it helped a bit but I ended up taking myself off of it because I didn't like the side affects.  I've also taken Zoloft, Wellbutrin and Effexor for depression without a lot of success.   I haven't had adequate resources available and partially irresponsible when I was younger which led to not having developed relationships with a mental health provider with whom I felt I could trust and work through the side effects of various drugs.   I realize that my coping mechanisms which have gotten me through my ADHD-Pi burdened life thus far aren't enough and that if I got proper help that I'd be able to become a lot more successful.  I'm not broke, but I don't take home a ton of money. Ideally I'd like to keep the expenses as low as possible, but I could pay an initial evaluation as well as monthly expenses of $200-400 I think.  I'm kind of pharmaceutical adverse but would be willing to keep trying some new meds, preferably non-stimulants or even alternative therapies that people have gotten help from.  I live just north of NYC.  Do you guys have any suggestions of where to start?
