743c622ba2a0d6d423b95a97bd664bedf4c5906e6eeb4484f02b0ce5966b91a5;;;Diagnosed about a month ago, ramped up my Dexedrine dose from 10 mg to 30 mg a day and starting to feel unbalanced.;;;So I posted on here about a month ago when I was first diagnosed with ADHD. I really appreciate the advice and support I got from you guys. I was posting from a throwaway account because I was embarassed, but I am no longer. May as well be loud and proud about it. Finding out I had ADHD explains a lot about my life. Since seeing my doctor weekly, he has been ramping up my dose of Dexedrine from 10mg (5mg IR 2x daily) a day to 30 mg (15mg spansule 2x daily). At first 30mg felt like it was the "sweet spot" for me... but now I'm not so sure.  Since taking medication I had been feeling relatively good, more balanced and productive. Being less of a scatterbrain also really helped me! I'm finishing up my last semester at university, which commands a lot of my attention. However, I am currently also starting a wedding photography business and have been trying to get it going for three years now. It's finally going somewhere, because now I am absolutely OBSESSED with it. To the point where I'm neglecting class, midterm papers and not studying for exams. I am happy that I have re found the passion for photography I once had. I pretty much gave it up after developing depression last year.  So now, I am no longer depressed. Yay. I love working on my future, playing in photoshop, tweaking my facebook and webpage. But now school = oops I forgot about it. Monday night I pulled an all nighter to finish a paper. I went to school the next morning to hand it in, and then skipped all of my classes to go home and work on my business. Didn't end up going to sleep until 9pm and was awake for over 36 hours straight. Then I ended up sleeping for 13 hours Tuesday night, but then skipped my classes yesterday morning because I could not wake up, and again, worked on my business. Last night again I just was not tired, I laid in bed until 4am until I decided to be productive and get up to work on my business. I ended up writing a 800 work Resource and FAQ page for my clients.  Extreme productivity has taken over my life. Since then, I have also dropped from 112lbs to 102lbs- being 4'11 it's not so bad. But I am quite worried. I don't want to go back to the old me, but maybe a happy medium where I am balanced with all of my endeavours. In the last few weeks I have been trying to maintain a detailed calendar of every single task, down to brushing my teeth. It's not working anymore though. BUSINESS!!!  I'm really wondering, is this shit normal? Is that why everybody hates their meds after a while? Should I try a lower dose for a few days and see if it helps? Or was my dose increased too quickly perhaps?  Thanks you folks kindly in advance for any input! :)  TL; DR I've been on Dexedrine for about a month, dose ramped up from 10mg to 30 mg/day. I've lost 10lbs and am becoming over productive. My life feels like a blur right now.
