74a96a1837c042c153bcb3a51a2f38db830a8191cd34b4e7badee02e3646691d;;;My experience with Vayarin;;;I searched and only found one post about Vayarin, which didn't have too positive a tone towards it, so I wanted to include my experiences.  First, I'd  recommend to everyone that they should get blood work done to check vitamin levels etc when they have any mental health issue because, while deficits in vitamins don't cause ADHD or most other disorders, they can certainly exacerbate it :p  The way it works, as my psychiatrist tells me, is that it is reformulated omega-3 fatty acids that are connected with an alkane backbone, or something of that nature. It's been awhile since organic chem, so I only loosely got the idea... Anyway, an analogue is amphetamine (Adderall, Vyvanse, others) and methamphetamine (still prescribed under brand name Desoxyn in the US): methamphetamine has a much more dramatic effect on the brain because of an additional methyl group on the amine that reduces the polarity of the molecule and thus increases solubility in the brain (because the brain is mostly non-polar fatty tissue). This reformulation similarly works via increased solubility to make it much more effective than over the counter fish oil supplements, which my psychiatrist thought were ineffective, though he didn't elaborate.  So why do we need omega-3's? Problems arise not only when omega acids (both 3 and 6) are lower, but also when the ratio is off. Generally, [diets in the US have way too much omega-6's compared to omega-3's](https://umm.edu/health/medical/altmed/supplement/omega6-fatty-acids), which creates a problem. It's especially bad for children with ADHD since we tend to have (from the same article) lower levels of both omega-3 and omega-6 compared to others.  I was already mid-20's when prescribed Vayarin, so I think the ship had already sailed for it helping me develop along a more neuronormative path, but I did notice a very interesting effect: it made stimulants feel closer to what neuronormative persons describe.  I am prescribed Vyvanse for focus problems at work. Initially, it had the effects other stimulants had on me, which included nausea (though much attenuated from the comparatively crude formulation of Adderall), a general sickly feeling apart from the nausea, and ability to focus along the lines of what you'd expect in a neuronormative person that is trying. It took awhile to see effects--this isn't surprising since it's a medical food/supplement rather than a immediate acting drug--but when I later compared my past performance and mindset to my current, I found that the Vyvanse had a much better effect, coffee actually had a decent wiring and wakefulness effect (when before it had a calming and focusing effect, with minor nausea), and I believe my baseline cognitive performance also experienced a greater increase than could be attributed to more maturity.  The [wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vayarin#Clinical_data) only cites one study, so it's hard to claim that is solid science, but I do put faith in my psychiatrist since he still actively conducts clinical trials for drugs and other treatments and is in communication with doctors that are similarly active (and he doesn't like to prescribe willy nilly). This, along with my first-hand anecdotal evidence, leads me to believe it has been a worthwhile addition to my medication regimen.   Anyone else have experiences to share?
