7616bdb869c3bf1eedb604d403559b839ce03c3a6cdecd2489a9805fb04f6f9f;;;...the results are in.;;;I met with my physician today and it turns out as I suspected I do in fact have ADD. To be specific it was the ADD combined. I am relieved and ready to start the rest of this process and get myself to the place I need to be. I am starting out with a 50mg Vyvanse script that I start tomorrow morning.   I do have a bit of a gripe with the general attitude toward ADD. I went to the pharmacy to get the script filled and they said since I was over 18 my insurance company has blocked it! I know have to get a preauthorization form approved by the insurance company in order to cover it. Luckily, I have a bit of spare cash in the bank account so I filled my script out of pocket ($200.53) but when the authorization comes in I will get a refund down to whatever the insured amount is. Needless to say, I am all but a little bit pissed at my insurance company. What does it matter if I am over or under 18 years old? It has nothing to do with anything other than age, and if I was 17 years old I would have been covered. Why do they pretend this isn't real? How can that be ethically right? Has anyone ever taken any action against the discrimination (this is discrimination) that they are blatantly engaging in? /Rant  Either way, I am excited yet nervous to start my treatment tomorrow and I am hopeful that I am able to notice the effects. I have already made a mini agenda of things I really want to get done tomorrow so hopefully I can accomplish most of my list and judge the effects of the meds.   TL;DR- Met with the Dr. today and was diagnosed with ADHD-C. Insurance companies suck. Start Vyvance 50mg in the morning. Nervous and excited.
7616bdb869c3bf1eedb604d403559b839ce03c3a6cdecd2489a9805fb04f6f9f;;;ADHD with Tics/Possible Tourettes;;;I've been diagnosed for around 3 months now. My treatment has been positive but has had some let downs. The first problem I have is that Vyvase doesn't last long for me. I am on Vyvanse 70mg (was on 50mg for 1 month but I complained about it not lasting very long). The major issue i have is that I have started having really bad tics. I've had some tics all my life (I blink a lot and often it's extremely uncontrollable.) I've been having wrist tics (I get the uncontrollable urge to pop my wrist or flick my pinky) for around 7 years. The wrist tics come and go and sometimes stops for months/years at a time. The tics have been pretty steady the past 4 weeks and I started looking into it and appearantly ADHD and Tourettes are often co-morbid conditions. I mentioned the tics to my Dr. and I mentioned Intuniv that can be taken with a stimulant to treat adhd and reduce tics. I've been on intuniv for 4 days and I've had mixed results. For the first 3 days my tics seemed to ease up. Today my tics were on overdrive. I'm due back for 2wk checkup (to see how my 2wk intuniv trial is going) in like 8 days and im not sure what to do. I am thinking about asking for Strattera. Does anyone else have add and tics or tourettes and how do you deal with it and what treatment do you get? TL:DR- ADHD +tourretes/tics. I have issues with it, do you and if so what do you do about it?
