76bda3a035ca0120fac1cf2d37e5811b56223946a088fa7e3fc7574ff64aa151;;;Just moved, tips for finding a new Doc?;;;Hi all,  Title explains the situation. Basically I just moved across the country and I no longer have my awesome GP that I grew up with in my home town. I am M/25 and I just started on Vyvanse at my GP's recommendation 1 year ago. Many changes have happened in my life since then but overall vyvanse has been great to me, I went through a roulette about a month ago where I tried different types of meds from my GP because Vyvanse seemed to be giving me massive "frustration" in the evenings. Alas, all the other meds I tried were much much worse on side effects those would be adderall and concerta. I couldn't handle adderall for more than 3 days before bringing it back and reverting to vyvaanse, but I digress my concern is that I have never been formally "diagnosed" with ADHD.   Some background:   My older brother (28) has been formally diagnosed since he was a teenager and has been on all kinds of different meds his whole life. He was originally brought to a psych for depression / behavioral problems in his teens and is doing much better now. Anyway, I never really thought I had much of a problem in life (I just kind of coasted by as a C student through highschool and college) until I finally graduated and tried to become an "adult" in the real world. I quickly realized that my massive procrastination tendencies were not a school thing, it was a school, work, home anytime thing. I have had 4 GF's through college / HS and my current GF finally said something to me: "You just don't seem interested in me sometimes". I was like, what... of course I am... wait... ALL of my previous GF's have said that wtf... Then I suddenly realized that I've never really been interested in anything.. at least not for a long period of time. I have a horrible memory with names, faces, birthdays.. my GF picks on me all the time about how I don't know my own Mom/Brother's birthday. I login to pay my student loan and I can't remember my mom's maiden name. I didn't pay my student loan for 3 months in a row after graduating for NO REASON, I had the money and I just didn't do it. This is a consistent trend and the one that bothers me the most. I have done this with lots of different bills, why the hell would I not pay my own bills when I have the money?? I then pay it immediately when I realize it and make a note to not do that again (It inevitably happens again but I will usually remember successfully for a few months). I look back and realize that I survived high school and college with notes, lists, lots of sticky notes and my favorite reminder item my white board in my room.  So anyway, GF finally tells me maybe I should go see a Doc because that doesn't seem normal. I finally went and was VERY embarrassed when talking to my GP about "mental" problems. I've never ever talked to a doctor about mental problems before and basically just told him the story above. I took a small yes/no test afterward and he looked up my family history and then just suggested I try Vyvanse. I said sure why not i'm young and might as well see if medicine is something that could help. Well turns out Vyvanse is very helpful and reduces my attention and memory problems a lot, however since I have moved he can only perscribe me for 1 more month out of state.  Should I try to get a more formal diagnosis or just go to another GP and transfer my medical docs over? I know Vyvanse works for me and i'm not trying to spend the next 6 months with shrinks if possible.
