76d0d3ebe18a56793c5ec47733322d4cb080fba1d4382232bb1e90080d226870;;;Coping With the ADHD Rage of a Loved One;;;I'm writing this post because I am a serious life partner of a person suffering from severe adult ADHD. This person is the light of my life and we've been together for a long time. Originally diagnosed as a young adult, this person struggled with initial attempts at medication before they gave up and subsequently forgot all about their ADHD.    A few years ago, during a time when our relationship was fraught with bouts of rage that left me feeling frightened and emotionally drained (especially those that occurred in public) I insisted my partner seek help for anger issues. This led to rediagnosis that was sort of a "Duh!" *palm face* kind of moment for both of us. Since then, with the help of medication my partner has been able to graduate college (!!!) and become more successful in life. I couldn't feel more elated and proud of them. However, medication still doesn't completely eliminate the anger episodes especially during the 1/2 hour window when they've yet to kick in.    My biggest issue is that I grew up in an explosive and angry household and so I have a very low threshold for tolerating angry outbursts. It's really a trigger for me. I admit that I am in part responsible for some of the outbursts that occur. I wanted to know if you folks have any particular advice for avoiding behaviors that act as rage triggers that I might be unaware of. I want to be proactive in minimizing my contribution to my partner's distress and feelings of disrespect.   An example of a recent argument might include the discussion of a topic that I wish to avoid. Let's say this topic is not about the relationship or of a particular sensitive nature, it's just unpleasant and often leads to these sort of outbursts. Politics is a good one. I try to side step the discussion by saying "I don't really want to talk about this" because it's early and I want to start my day off feeling happy. But that is interpreted as being disrespectful "You clearly don't think that *blank*, one of the most critical issues we face is that important." Then, and here's where I made a mistake (aka offering my own opinion) "Actually, I think the environment is more important." Suddenly I'm getting cursed at and it's like 6am. Then I get rude and it's all over until we can both calm down.   How do I step away from these hotspots without convincing my partner that I'm disrespectful and don't care about things that are important to them? I know that I need to have a discussion with my partner, and believe me I will, but we seem to continually struggle with these explosions even though we do communicate well. I'm looking for any outside perspectives you folks have that will help me gain better empathy for how my partner is feeling. I'm also aware that "When you've seen one case of ADHD... you've seen one case of ADHD" but I just want some fresh ideas. I've been scouring the internet but haven't come across anything I haven't seen before.    Thanks in advance!
