773be9145c1341e10d4eee1037e12dd575b7a4432b010ba276b80fa32a4a1f8b;;;Advice needed on coping mechanisms;;;Hi /r/adhd.  To get this out of the way, I've never been formally diagnosed with ADHD. It's only been very recently that I've really noticed that I don't seem to be able to work the same as everyone else in my team, and that's when I started to do some reading.  Background: mid-20s, work in IT. Jacked in my last job because I was bored. Worked a year in my current job, in the process of jacking it in because I'm bored. Start a new job in a few weeks. I work fine when it's something interesting, but I can't seem to do anything menial or anything that I don't find interesting.  This was less apparent at my last job, where I was a senior guy and I had people reporting to me. I found that I delegated a lot of the less interesting stuff, and fixed all the complicated stuff.  I moved to my current job, where my boss immediately noticed that I did all of the complicated jobs, but left all of the boring jobs, despite some of them being a higher priority.  I also have trouble verbalising what I'm thinking, which leads to all sorts of pictures being drawn and hand movements to try to explain what I mean. I often 'get' an underlying workings of something, but that don't know how to explain it, which leads people to not believe that I know how to fix something. Quite often I will be proved to have been correct, but it's very frustrating.  So anyway, back on topic.  I suspect I don't have ADHD as severely as a lot of guys in this subreddit, but I would appreciate it if you guys could share some of your coping mechanisms with me.  At the moment I'm writing a lot of notes on what I'm doing. This helps, as it gives me time to process what I'm doing. I'm also drinking a fuckload of caffeine, and going for frequent walks. So every half an hour or so I will go outside and just do a lap of the building. Then when I come back I can work more.  Has anyone else got any more? I know working in IT is no excuse, but I do feel the lure of the web during the day. I even tried a toolbar that blocked time-wasting sites, but then I just saw circumventing it as a challenge.  I need your help.  I start a new job soon, and I don't want my new boss to have to be as understanding as my current boss is. I want to be able to work and be good at my job without re-inventing un-necessary wheels while I'm in the middle of doing something else.  Thank you in advance.
