798aee9901f9639f58d57c78d846d5da29e7f300516fdb63bce6cc66257ffe71;;;Help me understand my diagnosed 7-year old nephew's behavior: repeated provocation stunts part of ADHD? Not just "kid's stuff"?;;;(will try to condense this post as much as possible)  Hi! I have a 7-year old nephew with a medical ADHD diagnose, his parents are not giving him any medication.  He now and then does things that seem like typical 7-year old stuff (testing, pushing, and breaking the limits of what is allowed by his parents) but now and then he does things that his parents (my brother and sis-in-law) say are not usual kid's stuff but part of his diagnosis. I was hoping this sub could help me understand this so I can act in the best and most constructive way the next time a situation arises.  Example: yesterday we were in the yard of my countryhouse, having coffee and snacks, when my nephew climbed up on a big, wide plastic outdoor box where I keep the sunchair cushions. I told him he is not allowed up there because his weight and bounce will eventually crack the thin plastic lid and rain will seep into it in the future.  He knows this, and then he still climbs up and says "Arknell, look where I am standing now!", grinning, which I take as a direct provocation. I tell him to get down, and he just giggles and stays up, I tell him a second and a third time while looking straight at him, then I walk over and take him down.  He climbs up again 2 minutes later, and this time I say much firmer (but not in any way yelling) "You can't do that" with my bass voice, and I grab his arms firmer when I pick him down, to make him understand I am serious. I don't squeeze his arm hard, though. I don't want to instill fear in him.  What always happens after he has been firmly removed from standing on the box is that he starts fake-crying (I know it's fake because it's the kind of crying where he peeks through his fingers and wants people's sympathy, and starts cry-talking and making up his own narrative, that he was allowed up there and that I was a big dumb meanie who threw or pushed him down off the box, basically he is lying his head off, like all kids do. Like I did at that age).  Now, my brother and his wife tell me afterwards that my nephew gets sometimes get fixated with things, and if he gets stressed and nervous as the situation escalates, it makes him want to keep doing that thing even more, which brings the situation to a head one way or the other. It can set off a crying-and-screaming spell that lasts a long time, though my nephew so far has had no tendencies of rage tantrums where he breaks things, to the relief of us all.  I foresee this may become a really frequent source of bloody noses for him on the schoolyard five years from now, if he provokes kids older than him that have no sense of responsibility or tolerance, and will deck him flat.  Anyway, what can I do to handle these situations better? My nephew can get into these mental states where a totally frivolous thing (his younger brother got a taste of lemonade before him, even though they both received their own glass), and then he rants and cries and screams in the living room about not getting poured lemonade first, for about 20-30 minutes.  I am very open for information, knowledge, and tips, I want to be the best kind of uncle to my nephew.
