799466ef3cd6c3346d1a79966e0763bd0712a088dd59e82937d4e9d88d44670e;;;Recently diagnosed with ADHD-PI for the first time, but I'm concerned about my initial prescription;;;So to start with, I'm a 24yo male. Like many of you, I've had problems throughout my life focusing on the tasks at hand. I have the tendency to get hyper obsessed something for a few weeks to a few months, then lose interest and move on to something else. During that time, though, I have a hard time focusing on anything that's not related to this weeks obsession.  I did alright in grade school due to the structure, but once I got into college I started failing classes left and right. I am smart, and I typically did well to start with, but eventually I would just stop turning in the assignments and had a hard time paying attention. I've always been bad with remembering events and dates, but lately it seems like it's been really bad. I was describing some of this to a friend of mine who'd been diagnosed with ADHD as a kid, and he suggested that I may have the disorder. He gave me some adderall to try and see how it worked out. I tried it and  wow, what a difference. I felt like I had actual energy all of a sudden, not just the twitchy pent-up energy I was used to. Also, I finally had the motivation to actually get things done that I've been wanting to do. When at work, I was able to stay focused all day and not lose my attention to reddit or other distractions like I normally would throughout the day.  I went to go see a psychiatrist and was totally honest with him about my life and symptoms, and he diagnosed me with inattentive-type ADHD. Here's the part that has me concerned though, he said I had a mild case of ADHD-PI and then prescribed me 20mg of adderall 3x daily! Even from just the reading I'd done for the couple of days before then, I knew that was a lot. I asked him if he was sure, and he said yes, that's an "adult dose". Before then, I'd only taken adderall for a few days, and never took more than 10mg twice a day. I took the prescribed dosage the next day and it messed me up bad. Yeah, I was ON POINT all day long, but I couldn't sleep at all that day or the next. I took a break over the weekend and started back today again at 10mg x2. I feel better, but I'm still feeling the negative effects of that dosage.  I'm wondering if maybe the psychiatrist I saw thought I was just there to get adderall, and not because I genuinely believed I have ADHD? I know a lot of people get prescriptions just to use it recreationally, and they'll lie to get diagnosed, but that's not my intention at all. 60mg a day is a huge dose, and I'd think that if he was doing it to save me money or so I'd have more medication then he'd have at least let me know to only take 5-10mg at a time 2-3 times a day to start, and not start me at such a huge dosage.  Have any of you had similar experiences with psychiatrists? Do you think it'd be worth it to talk to another phych? Also, I'm not sure how I should approach my current psychiatrist about the dosage he gave me. Another big factor is that I don't have insurance. The initial visit with this doctor cost me $165, and subsequent check-ins are $75 a piece. I do save a lot of money by getting larger quantities/dosages that I can split, rather than getting smaller pills, so I wouldn't want to have to buy more of a smaller pill and pay a ton of money. Also, If I were to see another doctor I'd have to pay their first time visit fee as well, which would be similar (probably more) than what I already had to pay as the first time fee for my current psychiatrist.  Any advice would be greatly appreciated. I feel fantastic that I've finally got a face for the disorder that's plagued me my whole life, and I don't feel like I'm just a naturally lazy and unmotivated person anymore. I finally feel like there's something that can be done to get myself feeling normal, I just want to make sure I'm doing the right thing and not setting myself up for failure already.
