799f27fa2c95bf1c068d7ac0ef980530bd1f00e710d443afd4ad494f8c0e91be;;;Looking for a list of facts about ADHD (info in comments);;;So before I get downvoted to oblivion let me explain myself. First off, let me say that I've been a long term lurker on /r/ADHD and I've loved all the advice that people post. It's helped me realize about myself and work on overcoming it. People don't realize how difficult life can be with ADHD.  Anyways, I'm currently a graphic design student and our next project is to design a list typographically using information that may people may not know about or want to research. Obviously I've decided to do mine on facts about ADHD but I haven't been able to find any facts online to use. Would anyone be able to point me to a reputable source? I was thinking more along the lines of things that most people don't know about ADHD.  I'm sorry for the book but I've been helped a lot by this subreddit and hopefully my poster will help people to understand more about ADHD.  Edit: Thank you everyone for your feedback. I was thinking hopefully we could find a place to post things that we find. Maybe interesting facts in one place and then something I could use for a list in another. Would anyone be interested in helping me out? I promise to help out with some design work if you need any done.
799f27fa2c95bf1c068d7ac0ef980530bd1f00e710d443afd4ad494f8c0e91be;;;Went with my parents to talk about a "brain training" program. I'm a skeptic looking for other people's thoughts who have done something similar.;;;The [program](http://www.braintutoringutah.com) in question.   I went with my parents and met with a guy that worked for this company and did some of the same type of tests I did when I was first diagnosed with ADHD. The company is pretty serious that their program can help improve focus and short term memory as well as a list of other things that made it sound like I should've heard about this before.     It's an alternative medicine and the guy I talked to has been pretty insistent on trying to get me to start as soon as possible. I'm already skeptical about a lot of things so I just wanted to see if anyone else had any experience or was able to pull of some better research than I can find on my own.
