7be292529d095779cab4ddf389b93c9f9f5e64fee38c14589abf604a8a96c4b5;;;Just graduated after 6 years of undergrad!;;;**TL;DR at the beginning, because this got long.** Graduated cum laude last week with a BSc after failing pretty much my entire second year and contemplating dropping out twice. Went from term GPA of 1.1 to 4.2, and I've been using what I learned to help other people struggling with college/uni.  I'm a long time lurker here but never posted, really. As I've been typing this out I think it might come across as self-aggrandising or self-centred? I don't mean for it to sound like that at all; I just wanted to share what was ultimately a success despite having ADHD, and maybe other people will find it inspiring/useful to read.  I was diagnosed with ADHD-PI, as well as clinically withdrawn/depressed, when I was 13. I stopped my medication upon starting university because I'd always had issues with compliance since I started taking them, and I really wanted to get to a point where I could get by without them. Even though first year went by pretty smoothly (because it was all review of HS material) I ended up pretty much tanking my second year - I failed all courses but one, which I got a D in. So that was pretty much the push I needed to go back on medication.  Meds helped me with at least not-failing, but I still had issues with finding a method of studying material that worked for me. It wasn't until I had a biology prof introduce using her way of concept mapping as a study tool that I realised it worked really well for me. I started using concept maps for her course as well as *literally everything else* I had to study for for the remainder of my degree. I kind of regret that it took me until my 4th year of university to find something that worked, but at least it happened.  It took me a little longer than most (6 years for a double major) but I managed to graduate cum laude (with honours) which I had been working towards for the past 2-3 years of my degree. This is pretty much my first thing I'd consider as a "personal victory" since having ADHD. To top it off at my convocation there was an honorary doctorate being given to a mental health advocate who gave a talk about the struggles of going through college with setbacks from mental illness, which is how I almost bawled in front of most of my profs on my last day as a student.   I'm completely being honest when I say if I can do it, anyone can. If there's something thing my less-than-great academic history is good for, it's proof that you can tank a year and a half of school and still come out a straight A student on the other side.   [Edit] Grammar fixes.  [Edit#2] Thank you all for the really nice comments! I'm a little taken aback at how many views this has gotten, and I hope I've been able to give sufficient answers to questions in the comments.
