7c34a303707fb47969090045e00e76137e70722afa25702d795d65e8e467baac;;;Frustrated by forgetfulness, impulsivity, and fast food;;;Oh boy. I decided to write this, and as soon as I wrote the title, the feelings came.  Hubby &amp; I (both ADHD-PI) have started meds, and our apartment is clean(er), but our budget! We are both fairly good at avoiding large impulse buys--$40 is enough to make us pause--but we'll consistently drop $8-$10 on fast food. Now that we are making less money (I was in school, then he was in school), we can't believe how much money we spend on food that doesn't even taste that good.   We are working on it, and we seem to have a strategy: if we are feeling impulsive, just go to the closest grocery store. We both prefer King Soopers to Super Target, but King Soopers is across a very busy street, while Super Target is on the same side of the street. So we're just going to the first, most convenient place where groceries can be had.   We just had our second morning of Not Going Out For Breakfast: At Super Target, we bought a dozen eggs, slices of cheese, a pound of sausage, shredded potatoes, and english muffins. We cooked *all* the sausage, eggs, and potatoes together. We made egg, sausage, potato, and cheese sandwiches for breakfast. We put all the leftovers in a massive container in the fridge. This morning, we had more. It looks like we have breakfast for a freaking week!   I'm excited, but I really really really hope we can stick to it. You know the feeling that if you don't say/do something right away, you'll forget? We're trying to apply that with food: If we don't cook it now, it won't get cooked.   Our next challenge is the car. I'm thinking emergency kits of snacks we like that will tide us over until we can get home, so there are no pit stops. Maybe adding "food" to our litany of "phone, wallet, keys" before leaving the house. Last week I went to work without the sandwich that hubby had just made for me!  **TL;DR: Fast food is everywhere and it ruins our budget! We're working on it, but there's always a fear of failure.**
7c34a303707fb47969090045e00e76137e70722afa25702d795d65e8e467baac;;;Have any ladies chosen medication over kids?;;;Background Info: Undiagnosed ADHD-PI until massive failure in undergrad but remained unmedicated; will be 40 in a few years, but am about 10 years behind, career-wise; hubby has ADHD too.  We found this sub a couple of years ago, and both started getting medication. But we decided to try getting pregnant, so I've been unmedicated for months. I'm facing a bit of a career fork, where if I decide to go for something more high-profile, it's going to take a couple of years of serious moneymaking and dedication, with no time for a kid.  Even if I don't go the more high-profile route and go for a kid before 40, we're not in the best position financially. Hubby's in school for the next 3 years, and I'm working my own business (music teaching), which requires insane organization. One weekend with both of us feeling impulsive can really wreck our financial plans, even if it's just eating out 3 meals in a row.   Being unmedicated while trying to conceive really limits what I can accomplish financially. I have SO MANY ideas! But it's all I can do now to stay on top of the studio and my church job, and all my ideas rely on me being able to buckle down and practice/blog/record/advertise, etc. etc. It's so frustrating because I remember what being on medication was like, and how easy it was to focus on doing things I wanted to do.   I'm seriously considering going to the doctor and demanding birth control pills and Ritalin. But that telling my family and friends that the kid plans are on hold because of my failure. And risking whatever older women risk when they do have kids.   **TL;DR: Biological clock ticking; need meds to focus on career and stability; anyone else in the same boat?**  **EDIT:** Since it's been mentioned more than once, I have spoken with two primary care doctors about taking meds while trying to conceive and getting pregnant, and both said that it's not a good idea to be on the stimulant medications.
