7c57dd341b403b491163c9c579df3c1468f1bcceaf7aac98e24771a17ee3adf4;;;Long post but I really, desperately need help. Please read if you have the time.;;;I want to start by saying that making this post is something I've been wanting to do for a long time, and this is the result of many attempts and tries to get all this stuff down. If it's confusing in any way let me know and I'll do my best to clear it up. If anyone takes the time to read this It would make me so fucking happy. Also I'm female. Just saying it now so I won't have to correct anyone later.   I need help. Very bad. But I feel completely frozen. I come so close to making appointments with various doctors but when it comes time to hit submit or press dial, I stop what I'm doing. It's like my mind just turns off. This is what happens when I try to do anything important. The fact that I have this disorder has been lying dormant in the back of my mind for so many years. I found this subreddit by hitting the random button about a month ago and it piqued my curiosity. It got me reading and listening and before long it had become overwhelmingly clear to me that I finally need to stop denying that I have ADD.   ADD has been a huge part of my life. I was born to two parents who were already diagnosed shortly beforehand. My father, who was diagnosed into the severe category, was prescribed copious amounts of dextroamphetimene, while my mother (prescribed the same thing in a much smaller amount), stopped taking them almost right away, I assume due to my being conceived.   When I was twelve, I was beginning to show the signs. My father suspected ADD right away and I was taken to a doctor to fill out forms and answer questions. They gave surveys to all my teachers at the time. The same testing was done on my brother and he was diagnosed, which was a surprise to everyone because he has never really seemed to fit the description and still doesn't. He was prescribed Dexedrine but never took them, and doesn't seem to suffer any ADD symptoms today. It's not even a part of his world.  When my teachers' surveys came back and I was denied a diagnosis. I vaguely remember the doctor casually say to me that I probably have depression, but nobody did any further tests on me after that.  I was never hyperactive as a child. Around other children I was always very quiet and never knew how to interact with anyone else, so I kept to myself. School made me anxious, especially math, and it did not take long in a given day before my mind and emotions were overwhelmed. Most of the time I could not do anything at all. I just sat at my desk and tore my erasers into pieces, and then tore those into smaller pieces while my mind escaped to anywhere but there. My teachers ignored me just as much as the other students did. One of the same teachers who was given one of the surveys later had to be reminded who I was when my dad saw him at Parent Teacher night.   After my diagnosis was denied, it was still very clear that I needed help. My grades were a mess, I had no friends, I was constantly late for school even though I lived just blocks away, my teachers would get impatient with me for not following through with assignments and failing to accomplish simple projects, to the point of actually yelling at me a few times. It destroyed me. I never knew what to say but sorry. All I knew was that my father still thought I had ADD. But the doctors apparently didn't think so. And I was twelve years old and didn't know what any of it really meant anyway. I just wanted to feel like a normal kid, which I knew I wasn't.   When I was thirteen my dad did something that changed my life in a way that was both completely miraculous and utterly horrifying: he suggested I start taking my brother's medication, which he didn't take but still got. Thinking back on this, I really don't know what made him think that was a perfectly okay idea, or if he even thought that at all. But he really believed it would help me.   One thing led to another and it just became something I did and didn't think too much about. And it did help, immensely. For the first time in three years I began to feel like a happy, well-adjusted person. I loved being organized. I started getting As and Bs (and Cs in math which was a huge step up for me). My self esteem went from  0 to moderate. I started making friends at school. My life had gone from a drearily chaotic existence to feeling like I could finally relate to the rest of the world. All with just 10mg a day.    I continued to dose myself with the stuff for four more years, deciding my own dosages and times to take the pills. What turned into one a day eventually grew to two as I attempted to tackle Running Start college classes towards the end of high school. When I hit seventeen it all became too much. I was burnt out and feeling very uncomfortable with the eventual realization that my unregulated, very emotion-driven relationship with Dexedrine was extremely reckless possibly dangerous. I stopped taking it, stopped telling myself I had ADD (or any disorder altogether), moved away from home and went on with my life.  A few years have passed since then, and while I have a steady job and a rock-solid relationship, I have    become unable to deny that there is something huge getting in the way of living the life I want to live. My life is a jumbled mess with the two things I mentioned above have become my only source of stability. And while I try my very best to stay focused at work, by worth as an employee has been questioned several times, and my recent failures there are starting to make me very nervous, and has pretty much thrown me into gear.   I've collected phone numbers and doctor information, but I'm utterly terrified of going any further. I don't go to doctors very often and I don't know how to find someone I trust enough to tell them about my complicated history. After much soul-searching and research, I've decided that I definitely want to take medication again because I know it would help me get back on track, and use that boost in focus and energy to arrange a healthier diet and lifestyle for myself that I otherwise seem completely unable to obtain. But I'm afraid I'm going to be labeled as someone who's just trying to get my fix, and that I'll be refused medication because of it. I wonder if I should say anything at all--but it feels like such an important part of this lifelong struggle that leaving it out would be detrimental to my diagnosis. A huge chunk of my history is completely different from the rest. You can see it in my grades. Those were the four years that I ate well and exercised, when I took AP and Select classes, when I had confidence in myself and attained what I wanted. I was a different person for those four years. I was who I wanted to be. I don't want to have to lie about that. I want whoever I talk to to have a firm understanding of my particular case.  And so I'm frozen. I have numbers but I won't call. I have addresses but I won't email. Because I don't know what kind of questions they're going to ask about my childhood, and I don't want to get caught up in a lie I never even wanted to tell in the first place. I've been dealing with huge amounts of guilt over the whole experience of taking Dexedrine the way I did, and I'm only just being able to not feel dirty about it. But still I'm afraid of what the doctor will think of me. I'm afraid I won't be able to get the help I really need.  **TLDR: I need to get diagnosed and on medication, but I have a history that involved ADD meds without a prescription and worried about how I should go about this.**  I've never shared this story with anybody but my SO. I've never heard a single outside opinion on any of this, so whatever anyone may want to say is enormously appreciated. Has anyone else been in a situation like this one before? Also, I live in the Bay Area, and if anyone knows of a good doctor I can trust then you'll have basically just solved my whole problem.
