7d8cd7b1b23072ba4d2dd430b13df2c701b62184b98cd33db600b1d60d338a5f;;;I really need help. r/ADHD, this is the only place I know will understand.;;;I recently found out about this subreddit and have witnessed just how compassionate you all are. I posted this here because I know my problems are common amongst this subreddit. Even if just one of you take the time to read this and help me out, I would be so grateful. Skip down to the asterisk (*) if you don't want to read the background. Thanks in advance.  I am a 17 year old male in my senior year of high school and have hit a block in the road that I don't know I can recover from. After a really depressive episode 4 weeks ago, I wasn't able to face life for about two weeks. I stayed in bed, lost 6 kilos, had 1 meal per day.   I was able to see a psychiatrist about 2 weeks ago, was diagnosed with ADHD, and its two most common comorbidities, anxiety and depression. The psychiatrist and I talked for about 2 hours, and he put me on an SNRI antidepressant and Concerta. Antidepressants make me insanely tired and zombie-like, Concerta is able to counter this a bit, but the ultimate result is a very unhealthy sleeping pattern.  I'm not stupid at all, in fact I am quite capable. The psych said I have the brain power of a Lamborghini Aventador with the steering system of a Honda. I just for the life of me, cannot control either my brain, or my emotions. I rapidly go from feeling so great in the morning, certain that I will fix my problems, to rock bottom at night, thinking that suicide would be a much easier way out of this.  A [video on youtube](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua8Zm9STtKY) that I found   in another thread of Russel Barkley explaining ADHD really astounded me. It just connected so many of my problems together. The shortsightedness of my actions and their consequences. The drug problems. The comorbidities. The inattentiveness. The effects on everyday life.  Very much to my regret, by reading atheistic material by Dawkins and Hitchens, I have attained unhealthy views that I can't get rid of about how insignificant and meaningless my life is.   (*)Enough rambling. Here's my problem. I'm still depressed, the SNRIs aren't working effectively yet. The Concerta works for inattentiveness, but not for activity direction. I can't sit down and start my work. Teachers leave the discipline to us now, so it's so easy to slack off. Last night I kind of binge drank, and ended up feeling much worse. I'm in the most stressful part of the school year, and have assignments up to my ears. I've always kept myself to very high standards and feel that if I fail in life, namely not attaining a career in medicine, and having a successful marriage, then I might turn to suicide. I am already on the brink of drug dependence (weed), which makes me really scared that it's something that will tempt me throughout my whole life, and maybe turn into a method of suicide (OD on coke or heroin).   If I can't even handle myself now, in a home with a loving mother, and have the discipline to eat, sleep, and work properly, I can't see anything in my life turning out remotely okay.  I need the advice of someone who has or is still battling with similar issues. A step-by-step guide, an insightful comment, an analysis of my problems, whatever it is, any help would be great. Thanks so much.
