7d9983b31c744352b9892a514ad6c3587b8d1550901c29d79c578e2b29b45bc8;;;Concern about being taken seriously;;;After having a discussion with a friend who has been diagnosed with ADHD and doing some subsequent research, I feel that I match a lot of the symptoms and have an appointment booked for next month with my doctor to discuss them.  I'm concerned, though, that I won't be taken seriously because I have no visible "problems" in my life. I'm a freshman in college and have never had any problems with grades - I was a valedictorian in HS and received some nice scholarships to a state school. But in reality, I just went to a really poor high school (one of the worst 15 schools in my state), so HS was not a challenge, and now that I'm in college, I'm really struggling to keep up.  While I seem to be doing okay on the surface, I always feel like I am living on the margin of failure. I constantly procrastinate and, when I do set down to work, I get distracted by anything. In high school, I just didn't have many responsibilities, so pulling an all-nighter now and then wasn't a big deal. But now, I have a constantly heavy workload that only gets worse around midterms/finals. I will make a schedule for the day and write out when I am going to work on what - and then follow it. But I just cannot seem to be productive unless I am doing things at the last minute. I will go to the library for, say, three hours to study, but get hardly anything done. Eliminating distractions - leaving my phone and computer behind, etc. - helps somewhat, but I'll still manage to get distracted - "What's that word mean? Better look it up." Then I will realize that I have spent the last twenty minutes reading about the etymology of the word and how it came to be used today and so on. . . As a result, I'm always stressed about everything, and even the prospect of something as simple as reading a novel is stressful because I know that I will get distracted and that it will take me much much longer than it needs to. Also, I have a huge problem following verbal instructions or directions - I am always getting lost, whether while driving or trying to follow directions, and I always have to ask for repeats. Again, this wasn't a big problem in high school, but now I'm expected to act like an adult and, no matter how hard I try, I hardly ever can.  I am managing to do alright. I finish assignments, I do readings, etc., and I do well in my classes. But everything takes me so much longer than it ought to, and I cannot help it. My health - physical and social - suffers because I have to budget so much time for things that shouldn't take very long. And everyone thinks I'm "smart", but I can't follow simple directions (which really shows in lab classes). Now, I have an appointment with a doctor to talk about my problems, and I'm worried that he will think that I'm just some lazy college student trying to get some pills. Should this be a concern? If so, what should I do to be taken seriously?  TL;DR: I do well in my classes but am constantly distracted, procrastinating, and stressed, and I am worried that I won't be taken seriously by a doctor because I'm not visibly struggling.
