7eec9866054645e583644fd2e98e0fcfe42296b9f52efddc1d412bb5062833e5;;;My 3 year old son is possibly ADHD, care to weigh in?  (Sorry it's so long!);;;Hi, I have an appointment for my son to get an insurance referral, but in the meantime I wanted to see what you folks thought about my son, it's also a way to help me get my thoughts in order. Please ask Q's and I'll edit this part as necessary!  I'm not asking for a diagnosis-I'll let the docs do that, just looking for any thoughts.   -Orphaned shortly after his birth in China, most likely due to his cleft lip/palate  -lived in an orphanage until 19 months when we were lucky enough to adopt him and bring him back to the US  -Cleft lip/palate surgeries were successful  -Has developmental delays due to orphanage life (that's normal) and no apparent cognitive disabilities at this time (can sing his ABCs, has a big vocabulary, etc, can be taught to do things)  -Went to speech therapy for a year and is now "caught up" to his peers  -goes to physical therapy because he favors one leg, but is evening out there.  -has a "lazy eye" that has been getting better through strengthening (Wears a patch for a few hours...he hates that)  -has a big sister (7 years) and a new baby brother (5 months)   Now for the ADHD part:  We have always kind of wondered if he might have this, but he was so young and so new to our family, was going through so many changes, that we wanted things to settle out a bit.  A lot of people say "3 year old boys are fidgety and crazy, that's normal" but my gut tells me he's not.  He is not a mean person or malicious, I should point that out.  All of his annoying/obnoxious behavior really seems to be an unconscious decision for him.  He doesn't abuse himself (bang head on wall if he doesn't get his way, etc)  -Constantly interrupts.  We will politely remind him no to interruprt and then continue our conversation and he can usually "hold it" but he can never remember to do this.  -Always says "what?" when you ask him to do something or give him an answer to a Q he asked, but it's obvious that he heard you.  We will say "I already told you" and then he'll acknowledge it or repeat our answer.  it's maddening to hear him constantly say whatwhatwhat, but we're getting better about not repeating ourselves.  -When we need to ask him to do something, we have found that we have to say "look at me" and then say what we need as soon as he looks at us, he only looks at you for about 2-3 seconds and then his eyes are already roving. I watch his eyes closely and it looks like he has googly eyes sometimes, it's not like he's focusing on the toy he has or the food he was eating, he'll look at you and then just start looking everywhere.  -Unless he is completely exhausted, it takes him about 30-60 minutes to fall asleep at night, no matter what bedtime we have tried. while falling asleep he talks and sings to himself almost nonstop.  Every night.  We tried moving him into a room with his big sister but it didn't work because he was keeping her up at night, and waking her up every morning.  He cannot lay in bed in the dark and be quiet.  -Has constant crying fits.  Gets frustrated easily and then devolves into laying down on the floor on his belly screaming and crying.  If I tell him to stand up and act like a big boy and stop crying he will more or less do it. (an example: trying to shove a nerf ball into a too-small box: *shoves and shoves and is grunting and his face is all twisted up while loudly saying "c'mon!"*  If my daughter had ever done that she would have realied that the ball just won't fit and would do something else.  There was no reason to put the ball there, he just wanted to do it.    -He can sort of dress himself, but if anything goes wrong (sock gets twisted while foot goes in shoe, or shirt-sleeve is inside out) he will give up and start complaining and might even cry if things haven't been going well already.  I will show him how to fix it, and assist him in fixing the issue and he goes back to being perfectly fine.  -When we have family staying with us, the kid is ecstatic and gets personalized attention (since I work and my wife has to split her attention).  He goes to a preschool a few morning a week and does fine there.  those days definitely seem to go better as a whole (weekdays when he goes to school vs no-school).  It seems like he can "get his attention fix" much better than at home with just mom and the sisters.  -Very hard to get him to comply with requests: he has never covered his mouth while coughing, despite being asked to every-single-time.  -Can't/won't tell us when he has to go to the bathroom, so he's still in diapers.  Tried potty training, can't get him out of diapers: He CAN hold it for longer now, and if we ask him to go potty, he starts crying, but we put him on there and he'll start peeing in seconds. Tried wearing "big boy" underwear, he peed through all 5 sets in one day.  -hates having his hair cut, going to the dentist, having his ears examined, etc.  -He is finally "okay" with brushing his teeth and likes to do that himself.  -Can't really sit still (I realize this is common for 3 year old boys but it's pretty bad). If we play a "game" to see who can sit on the couch and not move, he will last about 5 seconds, max.  -Is an eating machine.  Gets RIDICULOUSLY excited when it's time to eat.  Jumps up and down and screams with a  big smile on his face. Is always hungry.  Thought this was related to not having enough calories as an orphan, and he may have an eating disorder, time will tell.  -If people are sleeping and you ask him to be quiet, he understands and will be quiet for a minute or so, but inevitably will go back to his loud volume.  Tell him again, he quiets down. Repeat ad nauseum.  -loves to look at books and be read to.  He will fidget and move around the whole time you're reading, but is glad to do it for very long periods.  -He has destroyed god knows how many books. I'm talking broken bindings, ripped pages, etc.  We don't allow him to have "regular" paper books, he has to stick with cardboard books.  He doesn't rip the pages or break the bindings maliciously...in fact, nothing the kid does is malicious, it's like he just. doesn't. get. it.  -Will sit and look through the books by himself for an hour with no problem. just sits there reading.  -likes to dance to music, have piggyback rides, go to playground, etc. likes to watch tv (we only do about 1 hour a day, max on the weekend, and maybe 2 weekdays, so 4 hours of tv per week total)  -he loves his family and can be very sweet and laughs his head off.  We love him!  But the gravy train seems to jump the tracks pretty frequently...but then get right back on.  Sooooo...this boy had some issues to begin with: mental, emotional and physical.  He has been through a LOT: abandonment, culture shock (he was only 19 months), surgery, lots of poking/prodding. I feel bad for him, but he is a damn handful!  We had already adopted some of the ADHD parenting tips without knowing them: not punishing him unless he is outright naughty (which is very rare), not repeating ourselves, asking him to look at us when we need him to hear something, etc.  What's the crowd think about this whole situation.  TL;DR: is my kid ADHD or is it just the universe playing a sick prank on me?
