7f48db9b2681d6af1517712d99fa9f223f4486b95b036b6dbfaa3d35b89d2e4d;;;May I be candid for a bit? I just found this sub and I want to share my story. I need some guidance.;;;*edit Thank you to all the replies so far, truly appreciated! And I am still listening, I haven't said much but this thread is still active./ ---   The big red warning is a little intimidating (You know... "Please search /r/ADHD and yadayada... /r/ADHD is not your personal research assistant"). I don't mean to track mud on the community carpet, so if I'm fucking up let me know guys!  Alright, here we go.  I am depressed, struggling with college, struggling to be an adult, just struggling in general. Being alive is really difficult for me, and nobody understands my difficulties.   For the longest time I blamed my ADHD symptoms on other things, like my depression or just not having any drive as a person... and my family assumed the same. My mother is my prescribing doctor, but she still says stuff like "Just do the work and you won't be in this situation."  I go to Berklee College of Music in boston. I am one of those high-IQ ADHD persons, my thoughts wander all over the place and I love to learn. I gobble down maybe three documentaries a day. I seem to spend forever in the shower each morning, just kinda spacing out in there and letting my brain mull things over. You know how it is.  Also I've spent waaay too much energy trying to "cure" my depression, or performance anxiety, or insomnia... or just whatever. In the process I've discovered all kinds of techniques, including meditation and Alexander Technique (plus some stuff I've come up with on my own). That's my little ADHD head-universe. I think we all carry one around.  So I mean... i was pretty good with legos as a kid.  But here I am! My life is looking pretty bad, I've been getting worse and worse. How do I fucking do this guys?? I can't seem to engage with the world, can't seem to set goals or manage my time... Meditation and some of those other things have helped me a bit. I can at least keep my classes under control through sheer force of will, but things are hard and getting harder.  Man, you have no idea what kind of pain I've been through. I've been as low as a person my age can get. Took two years to wear me down to this point but I've been having suicidal feelings. The worst kind, feelings that sort of simmer from below until suddenly you realize- this is serious!   I need guidance, I need understanding, emotional support, something. No I'm not gonna kill myself... well I'm resisting as hard as I can. Deep down in my core convictions I fucking hate suicide. And I'm tough too! I've endured so much pain already. But my strength is failing. Until now I never understood what people meant by that. Either you want to die or you don't, right? Well...  I mean, I don't want to fucking die but I'm scared anyway. It's a strange thing. My strength is failing. This time next year there won't be much of me left to preserve. By then I'll be worn down to a fine paste.  ................So how do you guys deal? I need tips. Please, talk to me about this. I need as much support as I can get right now.
