7f4e7b9523a6fc87eb64cc2a396da44fcea6bc0c1a462a67fa2c7d0ec081af90;;;Having adhd and two kids with adhd is destroying me. And not good for my kids.;;;Sorry for wall of text:  Im not 100% sure my son has adhd, my daughter is on meds but my son is doing good in school, and his doctor wont prescribe meds because his teacher, myself, and his mother didnt mark similar issues on the Vanderbilt forms.    It probably sounds like a cop out, but i hoped this forum would understand.  ADHD is, i think, killing my family.  My psychologist feels my son has ODD, oppositional defiant disorder, which according to Russell Barkley, is really just a ADHD with different symptoms.   When he was young, I used to call him the Bulldozer (only when describing his demeanor to friends or family, not to put him down).  He is very impulsive, and more stubborn than I have ever seen anyone.  And the 'likes to annoy people' is VERY strong in him.  He loves to poke at people, and when they ask him to stop, he keeps doing it... 5 more times.  AND then gets mad when the person finally says 'CUT IT OUT!"  The best example i can give is that he got up from watching tv one day years ago, got up and when walking by my daughter who was on a tablet just leaned over and basically surprised her.  Shook his hands in her face, yelled  at her.  She is surprised and kicks her foot out.  i watched the whole thing, it was pure reaction.  He was, I noticed.. geniunely surprised.  And then upset "she kicked me!".    No amount of talks, sitting him down to explain, have worked.  Well, they do work, but all they have done is wreck his self esteem, and then he still does it anyway.  And then when he realizes he was wrong, he lies to not have to feel bad about himself.  Which gets me upset, as lying is really an issue for me, I hate it.  He also is not too close with his mother, evne years ago there was a time he came into our room to say good night, hugged me and said he loved me, and then just walked out and ignored her.  Is not his fault, she is not... warm iwth him.  She isnt mean, but she is just distant.    Over the years I have lost all faith in my ability to parent, and on top of it when i tried to talk to my family about it, i would just get frustration and 'well... make a list then!  get organized!'  I would try to say that I worried that he AND I were both extra emotional due to adhd , and they would say 'hes just a young boy, they are all like that'.  I was a very well behaved boy but my mother was emotionally abusive.  Very critical, would bark at me any time I messed up at all.  I spent my entire elementary years barely speaking to no one in school, and apparently even beofre school, had my mother leave for three days and when she came back, I looked up and just kept playing.  No running to mom, etc.  I do not want to be that authoritarian and strict, just to get a well behaved kid.    But... i think my son knows that I sometimes crumble.  Todays example started last night.  at 10pm, 30 minutes late to get to bed (i lost track of time) he says "I need to get some songs on my iphone".  (his mothers old phone, not a real phone).   I ask why, he says for school.  he says he gets bored, and I was almost positive that he meant to listen to music after school, he is in an afterschool daycare from 2:30-4:30.  We end up arguing as i tell him it is too late.  As soon as he doenst get his way, he starts getting angry, and once he is angry there is no reasoning with him and if I just say 'the answer is no, end of story' then im a bad dad, etc.  An 11 year old throwing a tantrum, basically.  I still often say 'sorry, the answer is no' because I wont let him just get his way though.  And deal with the tantrums.  And then later on he apologizes, and feels bad about himself.    He asks if i will get him up early, I say I cant because it is already late to get to sleep.  But in his defense, i think i did say 'ill try' which would be my fault.  He wakes up and immediately is mad at me for not waking him up early, and is basically irritated all morning.  I ask why he cant use the wifi "we cant use that in school, just in the after school program".  I say "isnt that why you want music?  if so, just use youtube when you get there".  This is why i think he was lying to me, because at this point he paused, and it took me a few times to get him to answer, he really wanted those songs to 'listen to while going to my locker'.  his locker is 5 feet from his room, its not high school.  For some reason they now give 6th graders in his school a locker... right outside the room.  I point out that its not worth arguing over, we are now both mad, we can figure it out in the evening.    the point is that he just kept being ridiculous and obnoxious, and I got more and more angry.  We go to brush our teeth before school and I am trying to explain that he doesnt need the songs for just walking outside his room and he starts snapping at me.  It is the usual routine, he picks osmething to dig his heels on, drives me crazy, and then when i am exasperated then says 'why are you talking to me like this?'   This is after 30 minutes of biting my tongue and him throwing a tantrum.   He said something in the bathroom and I snapped.   I said.  I am NOT doing that!' but when I said 'not' I really barked it loudly, standing right next to him.  he jumps because i was so loud, like is startled by it, then leave the bathroom.  I walk into his room and he is crying, sitting on the bed.   And 5 hours later, i still feel like shit for it.  My problem is that my parents were... not very good parents.  I fear that in my attempt to be the 'parent who listens' and not just drop the hammer any time I made any mis step like my parents did, that I am too weak with him.  then I lose my temper, yell, and then i feel bad.    Although the other day he mentioned int eh car that my daughter was 'just telling me that to make me feel bad, to get what she wanted'.  I asked him how he knew, and he said 'sometimes I do it, i know you will feel bad and then ill get what i want'.    If this is normal for kids, I give up.  I have read that one kid with adhd raises the chance of divorce by 43%... clearly having kids with adhd is stressful and challenging.   Now that my wife and I separated, on my weeks there is an ADHD dad, and two adhd kids.  Its chaos.  It worse now too, stress apparently reduces executive function, like throwing gasoline on the fire that ADHD creates, and I am going through a divorce, about to lose my job, and have some other major stresses too.  i fear it is making things worse with my kids.   I cant get medication due to my high blood pressure.  I went on an antidepressant because i kept having suicidal thoughts.  And on top of it, I have ... impossible to deal with parents.  So no support network really.    Does anyone have any sort of advice at all?  I could deal with the other issues if i could just have a good day with my kids.   We have had some good days recently, but very often I pick them up and they are fighting within minutes.  My son is impossible.  I bought him a $20 card game, then $20 for a video game.  His sister got nothing.  I go to the store with her, get her a $30 lego set that she wanted (i dont do this often) and when I get home he is immediately angry "how come i didnt get anything?  This isnt fair!"  And then I am so frustrated that when i explain he just got two games, i am not very nice about it... and then i feel like shit, and he sees me as 'rubbing it in'.   It just keeps getting worse too.
