7fff2ed78b03783b6d05a8b6afe131da01aa0d2de247b1607f18cfb95c420457;;;Letter to my child.;;;Over the Summer I thought you were  great. Don't get me wrong I always think you're great, but in the Summer I'm generally over the moon with how wonderful you are. In the Summer nobody tells me you're disruptive, difficult. No seven year olds stop me to say you are weird or gross. My perfect boy with impossibly long eye lashes and blue eyes as clear as water. Ticklish and sweet. I love you, too Mommy every night. Then August comes and you're thrown off the school bus for distracting the driver. Then the IEP meetings start and all those hours of bedtime stories and the kindergarten homework that took three hours to complete have amounted to an almost seven year old who can identify 20 out of 26 letters who is supposed to already be reading. When I ask you how was school you ignore me or say it was okay, but with some extra prodding you tell me nobody wants to play with you and you don't know why. Then you ask me, can we make a rule at school that somebody has to play with me? Mommy? That's when I choke back tears and wonder if those other kids' parents ever taught their kids to love and accept others the way I taught you. I daydream about running away, maybe Iceland? You're a good little skier. I want to take you somewhere where they can't reject you or hurt you. My baby boy I had so much hope for you and I feel the world is crushing you. I see the weight of it on your little fifty pound frame and that zombie look in your eyes where pure joy used to live. I'll ask the pediatrician for different medications and maybe one to get us through homework so there's still enough daylight for you to go out and play with the only children in your life who haven't rejected you. I'll put the occupational therapist on credit. I'll read to you even longer at night. I'll google to find new, new and inventive ways to help kinesthetic learners. New ways, maybe this time it'll stick. You're so curious! Always asking how and why, always hungry for more knowledge about the world. We will google that and we will go on YouTube and we will learn where wind comes from and how magnets work. You're so smart, why is this so hard? I love you, my baby Bear.    I have to preface by saying I'm embarrassingly bad at posting to reddit, but I just figured out how to edit my post, it's the small victories! Two nights ago I sat down on my couch and let all my heart spill out in a desperate plea for commiseration and understanding. I bawled until my husband insisted I should get some sleep. Sometimes that's all you need to see yourself and situation more clearly, just let it all out. The next morning I woke up and the gloom of the day before was still hanging around. I chose to do what I always do, I remembered who I am and who my child is and is not. Then I hesitantly chose to see if anything had been said on my post. In the last two days I have made an appointment for myself and my child to see psychologists, I have researched and implemented new study strategies for my son, I signed him up for swim lessons, I invited his entire class and all the neighborhood kids to his birthday party, I signed him up for a Lego building group at the library and I had his doctor adjust his medication dosage. I know fully well that all my efforts could blow up in my face, but seeing the kindness, empathy and generosity of all of you helped me to find the strength to move forward once more. You have nothing to gain from what you've said or done but you did it because you have the power to make other people realize their worth and potential that's an opportunity that we too often pass up. I'm glad you decided to take the time to wish us well.   I was surprised to find I had been given reddit gold for this post. I was also surprised at how much that gesture lifted my spirits. I've been inspired to find opportunities to raise others' spirits in the same way. Thank you so much for your compassion and generosity.
