80dca9497f08ec2f3c2cf0ac02dcb5a7f4a6756cc2da2c120aacf0f2c93a101e;;;How do I live within my limits? (tips or reassurance);;;I posted something a bit like this a while ago, but that was more venting, today I just have some questions.  I am a student, doing an independent course while living with my parents on a farm right now, but normally I live in the city and attend regular classes.  I have been treated, seeing a doctor, coach, have accommodations and what-not, but I still just can't get much done.  If I'm relaxed and I can make myself focus for about a total of two hours a day (usually no more than half an hour at a time), then I burn out.  I used to lock myself inside and try to force myself to work longer than that, but I would just end up stressed and able to do even less.  I am trying to accept that I can only do so much and must rest in between and not be too hard on myself, but two hours just isn't enough time!  I don't have time to even do one course, and no time at all for a social life (which I desperately want).  I'm worried I'll never be able to do a full time job.  So, I guess I have two questions:  Is it possible to gradually increase the amount I can focus in a day (what should I try for/hope for)?  If it doesn't get better, or in the meantime, how can I live in such a small time windows? Any jobs that could be good for me (for example)?  [Bonus question: does any of this even make sense to you guys?!?]  [edit]  I suppose it pays to stay positive, but it seems like we rarely talk about the ultimate consequences of ADHD, which is that we are going to have to give stuff up, and to do less than other people.  I spent the last few years thinking if I just work a little harder, I'll be able to do everything normal people can do (like taking more than one class at a time), but it doesn't always work that way.  Lately it feels like there isn't enough time, and I have nothing left to give up.
80dca9497f08ec2f3c2cf0ac02dcb5a7f4a6756cc2da2c120aacf0f2c93a101e;;;Is there any types of meditation you guys find are better or worse for ADHD?  Also, how to deal with discomfort during meditation?;;;I haven't been meditating for very long, only a couple weeks.  I ave tried a few different guided mediations, but am not sure they are working for me.  Some are too "spiritual" (all life is connected, and world of infinite joy type stuff) which makes me confused and/or frustrated.  My favourite is just focusing on a candle.  Trying *really* hard to just think about that and let other thoughts pass by.    I keep hearing talk about mindfulness, and that it is mindfulness that we are supposed to do instead of focusing on one thing, but whenever I try that, I get intensely uncomfortable and frustrated.  Usually, when I think about my breath, I feel like I am not breathing enough, or I am breathing too much, and I hate it.  Sometimes I can't completely go back to normal, unconscious breathing for a few hours, which makes me  a bit panicky.  I haven't heard anyone else say that, though.  Also, what should I expect?  What am I trying to achieve?  I thought the point was to strengthen my ability to focus, so I could do schoolwork more easily, or to increase willpower, but I am not sure if that is how it works.  Edit:  I guess, part of what I am confused about is what is "mindfulness" meditation.  I read a thing that said it was different from concentrating, and that it is mindfulness that ADHDers are supposed to do.  I would rather focus on a candle or one idea/picture than observe my body, and I'm not sure what the difference is.  Also, how is "watching my thoughts drift" any different that what I do all day every day?  If I'm stopping the thoughts, isn't that just concentrating, not mindfulness?
