820a0117f3325fd534e327ff90511af44fb22e206ca66655080aa93b469daf8e;;;Any recommendations for a good pill splitter?;;;Background: Got my diagnosis a few months back (motivated in part by the positive vibes I got off you fine people) and I am now working on positive behavior strategies and taking Adderall IR. Started on XR which worked great, but was expensive and I had trouble getting to sleep at night if I forgot to take it first thing. Upped the daily dosage a bit and went with 1/2 a tablet IR, twice a day (to save money on the script). I like not going broke managing the condition and having flexibility to not take a morning dose and just do the afternoon if I'm feeling OK without it. It's been working really well.    Problem: On my latest fill, the manufacturer is Mallinckrodt and I am having trouble not turning the pill to dust when I split it. I've read that this has been a problem for others as well. The splitter I have is starting to break anyway and it was also struggling with getting a good clean cut on the Teva pills from the last fill (though not nearly as bad). I really like the Pharmacy I'm using, and the Mallinckrodt are doing the job just fine, so it feels silly to pay more or go to a different pharmacy just to get a pill that splits easier. I'm aware some swear against certain generic manufacturers based on personal experience, but for me it's doing the job just as well as other's I've tried with the same minimal side effects. So, I'm hoping some of you fine folks may have a splitter or a splitting method you can recommend that has yielded good results.    Also, I want to thank this community again for all the awesome that is fostered here. I'm not a bit sharer when it comes to my medical issues, but reading the posts here helped nudge me towards seeking help, and it has been a huge improvement for my life. So, thank you to all that do share. I'm still working some things out and refining my strategies, but having the playing field leveled by treatment has already had awesome results.
