82afa474a2aaac7b0a8e3148a087d5a0a7cd1f29b80c95c47130cafd606c102a;;;I feel like I am constantly in a deer-in-the-headlights state of mind.;;;I'm not sure if this is the right place to put this, but I really don't know where else to go.  I have been struggling in all aspects of my life recently.  I'm in my third year of college, and have always been the kid that could easily get an A, but usually ends up with Bs because he's too disorganized.  I got a full academic scholarship to a state university, and the previous two years I've been costing just above the 3.0 required GPA to keep it.  I got extensions on multiple classes last semester, and spent an entire winter with literally nothing to do, trying to finish my papers but distracting myself instead.  Then this semester has been almost complete procrastination, to an absurd degree.  I will schedule time to do work, go to the library, and then spend hours being completely unproductive.  I feel like I can't concentrate on anything that isn't immediately rewarding and fun.  I often plan on going to do work at night and end up drinking, or playing games, or watching movies instead, no matter how urgent and important my responsibilities are.  I miss meetings, forget basic class supplies, lose everything, and I can't even seem to find enough time for friends.  I'm on probation and have missed my community service deadline twice.  I struggle with keeping track of money and find myself completely broke 5 days after getting my paycheck.  I don't even know where I'm going to live when the semester ends.  Most of the time, I have a stoic state of mind where I don't even let these overwhelming problems bother me.  I'm happy, and enjoying life, and am care-free.  But this kind of crushing weight is still always there, and when I actually think about everything I have to do, it's almost impossible to start anywhere.  I do not discuss any of this with anyone, except a counselor who I started seeing last week (after failing to attend a month of scheduled meetings.)   All of the online screenings for ADHD have told me that I likely have a condition, but I know these tests are not astoundingly accurate.  I've looked at places that do evaluations, but I don't know when I'll have enough for it, or if they're covered by insurance.  My little brother by 8 years was diagnosed with ADHD last year.  I guess I don't have a specific reason for posting this here, but it helps to just get it off my chest.  Any feedback would be very appreciated.  **tl;dr**I'm going through some shit, do I have ADD?
