8331f5abe93d976f31ed8e9fbc6def59da58404389399891ffbfea763ae45f44;;;I just want to give up;;;I just can't do school. Or, homework and classwork for that matter. No matter how hard i try to get on top of my work; no matter how many sleepless nights spent slaving away on homework that was assigned three weeks ago, pertaining to a test I already aced.  Other kids in my classes, classes full of "over achievers" who make it all look so easy. Well you know what? I am an over achiever, just not in the same sense.  While I've seen many people just give up, not even bothering showing up to class because their learning disabilities are just too cumbersome, I stay strong.  I've earned my GPA of a mediocre 3.17.  Where to others, school work just comes so easily to them; but for me, it doesn't.  I simply can't sit down and tackle my personal mt Everest homework when everything from all angles around me scream for my attention, gnawing away at my sanity.  Whenever a teacher ridicules me in front of the class for I am the only one who somehow failed to complete the mostly insignificant assignment, I have no other choice but to slump at my desk and absorb their condescending remarks.  Now, to them I'm just a slacker, who doesn't have the work ethic to make it in society.  Oh, could they ever be so wrong.  They try to give me accomidations, like I am somehow below my peers, so that I develop into what they think that I already am, a wasted heap of cells, unfit to work at the same standards as everybody else.  NO! I can learn to live with my ADHD, find ways to work around it, not just in the form of a toxic pill that is supposed to fix it all.  I CAN improve. I MUST!  Just now, I completed an entire unit of math without missing a single assighnment, where often I can be lucky to complete half.  Within a week I have brought my grades for this quarter from a c- average to somewhere near a B+.  I am only a sophmore, I have room to improve, the time to do it in, and ever so much the burning desire to do so.  I need to start small, taking shorter and less frequent breaks while working on homework, completing class work as it is worked on in class instead of hurriedly copying someone else's moments before it is collected.  I will be an A student by the time I kiss my wretched high school behind, proudly wearing my cap and gown because I will know I worked ten times as hard to get there then most of theses awfull fucks. I WON'T GIVE UP!   Wow, it feels so good to have written this.
