84666662d7e24e4591a4ae0f66a59d02193856bd224e198681e51d2ebb3d56ca;;;I'm having a "humble" moment right now being back on meds for the first time in a few months and I want to document it while I can.;;;(Not trying to be sappy here. Skip the first part if you want. The point of this is just that I have some useful observations being back on medication after awhile, and I wanted to share in case it helps anyone. Makin' dank posts on reddit is about taking risks you know.)  I say "while I can" in the title because I think a lot of the problem with us ADHDers, especially here at r/ADHD, is that 1) we take no satisfaction in this disorder, we just want in the main to get over this condition and move on. Helping each other of course along the way. The trouble is sometimes in the process we don't admit how bad it is, or that we haven't made the progress we tell ourselves we had. Especially because a lot of us here tend to see ourselves as somewhat "bright" and capable folks. (We're "redditors" right o0o0o0o0ohh...)  2) Another problem is frankly a lot of us here are dudes. I imagine there's more women represented on this sub than other places on reddit, and some guys are gifted with emotional intelligence in admirable ways, but the fact is a lot of us are stereotypical dudes and if any of you are anything like me you either a) don't know how you feel a lot of the time or b) are delusional about it. Especially when it comes to ADHD.  So, I fall into both these categories. And as a result, I don't have "humble moments" as often as I should. (I'll probably deny I had this one later.) But the shock of being back on meds after a few months off has made a few things clear. At least for the time being (hence why I need to document this for at least my future self):  1) I'm not as content as I tell myself I am off medicine. That's not to say I'm unhappy. I've got it pretty good, and I'm one of the lucky ones whose personality is kind of "ADHD" anyway (spontaneous, eccentric, absent-minded), which I think helps in a lot of ways. But my quality of life isn't what it should be. From constantly needing stimulation, to just not being able to fully account for where the weeks and days went,  makes it so even on my best days I'm still experiencing a somewhat "reduced" existence.  2) I'm really, really, really, really angry. All the time. About everything. About nothing. And I actually go out of my way to find something to lock into and be angry about and just pace around and be mad. It's weird. I didn't realize how angry I was until I got on meds again. I'm a lot calmer. Things aren't so dramatic. The world is a bit less irritating. I'm less impulsive. I don't know what it is. But I'm often just fuming inside off meds I realized.  3) I talk way too much off meds. I go too fast and say too much. On meds this is totally unnecessary all of a sudden. I don't know if my thoughts are more organized, or my thinking is slowed down, or just more organized, but it's noticeable. I used to think it was a personality thing but I don't knwo that it is and I'm pretty sure people take me less seriously because of it at work and school.  4) I think I'm pretty fearful off medicine. Because deep down I'm uncertain if I'm going to follow through on anything I commit to. So I'm afraid of doing new things and I'm afraid I won't get where I need to be in life. I'm way more confident all of a sudden on medicine, and can admit to myself I am afraid of certain things and is the reason I bury myself in League of Legends or pornography instead of doing something intelligent or constructive.  5) I'm a lot nicer on medicine. I can see things from other people's perspectives. I have suddenly have time to be altruistic. I'm pretty self-absorbed otherwise, and I don't exactly know why, but I wish it wasn't true, because I think I become pretty isolated. I'm always worrying about myself or looking out for myself or just ignoring any opportunities that require too much effort.  6) Lastly stuff just isn't as painful. This is a big one because it really adds up. Paying my bills or doing stuff for school or even going shopping for clothes or something isn't such a chore. I feel dumb for not doing this before.  So that's a few of my observations. I always think I've learned to manage my ADHD and get off meds for awhile. Then I get back on them and I just can't believe the difference again. I'm realizing there's some things I really can't do without meds.
