85dd540bbc7ca4316d7639cb7cdcee01322dd60f25cb8ed51d00826f3084339b;;;Unmedicated ADHD and moving together with my girlfriend;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD in primary school. My (somewhat new-agey) mother refused to put me on medication, I got behavioural therapy which did nothing for me, really.  Always forgot my stuff, had to change schools several times (one school was a Waldorf-School, based on the "anthroposophic" teachings of Rudolf Steiner, thank god I got kicked out of there), because of problems with aggression and overall, things were pretty meh.  Thing is, I am 22 know and this semester I will be changing my major for the second time, thankfully moving into another city with my girlfriend is, away from where my mother lives. (currently living at my mom in a separate apartment).  It took me some months to realize, that I may actually still have some form of ADHD. Of course, my mother always pretended, that I didn't have such an thing and don't need medication....and when I was older, I was just lazy, but now overall stuff makes totally sense.  - I get extremely aggressive, when I am trying to focus on something and then get torn out by some outside stimulus. Plus, I seem to forget, what I was focussing on before, which makes things even worse.  - I am just not able to focus on important stuff for long enough times. From time to time I find topics that I find interesting, be somewhat obsessive about them and then move on to the next thing. Doesn't really help you, when you have to pursue the same major over a couple of years.  - My room is untidy. All kind of stuff is lying around, from Origami-birds, to used cups, Vietnamnese coffee-filters or bent candles.   The list could go on, but you all know the symptoms.   It's just one or two more weeks here..but:  I am just bugged by being here at home, with my mother. I am bugged at being called "lazy" all the time. Sure, for some parts I am genuinely lazy. But I don't like it. I don't like it a bit, and I would love to change something about it, really.  And when I forget to do something important, or put the screwdriver in the refrigerator ... I am sorry, but I don't do that on purpose. Stop telling me, that I do this kind of stuff on purpose to freak you out. I don't need you yelling at me, negative reinforcement does nothing for me. Nothing at all - things may get even worse.  ----- So. In one or two weeks my girlfriend and I are going to move in together. The city is far away from my hometown (we are in a long distance relationship at the moment) and I am going to major in Geography, which is actually quite diverse and therefor the ideal major for me.   I have already planned a system based on extensive checklists, pomodoro technique, positive reinforcement (whenever I complete a pomodoro or wake up early, I get rewarded with points, which are roughly spaced out that one week of normal workload would equal one Pokémon-tradeingcardgame-boosterpack) and meditation.  I am just afraid of irritating my girlfriend in the long run. I don't want her to be aggressive about me forgetting to do the dishes, forgetting to put down the toilet seat or whatever it is.   ----  I am not really sure, what this post is about. Maybe some pointers on what I should do. Should I be angry at my mother for treating me "wrong" for a long time? Should I be angry at myself? Should I acknowledge, that it's not all my fault? Am I just lazy?  I am sorry, but I don't know.  TL;DR: Was diagnosed with ADHD in primary school, new agey mother refused the diagnosis. Never received a working treatment, moving in with my girlfriend and not sure, what to do.
85dd540bbc7ca4316d7639cb7cdcee01322dd60f25cb8ed51d00826f3084339b;;;How a puppy dog exposes my flaws.;;;If I could choose to live in a universe of my choice, it would be the Pokémon games.   The thing is, that those games are "forgiving". They never put any kind of timed pressure on you, you have all the time in the world to make your decisions - and even if you fail at a certain task, you can start over. That's probably why TwitchPlaysPokémon worked so well.  Well, here is the real world and here is a situation: We (my girlfriend and I) recently (semi-)adopted a puppy. Semi-adopted, because we originally were asked to look after him for 2-3 weeks, but it seems like it's going to stick with us.  Here comes the problem: A small puppy dog is not forgiving. You don't really have time to think through your decisions. I have read ***tons*** of material on how to train a dog, but those are useless, if I don't have the ability to execute those ideas.   Doggy does something bad, I wait half a minute and then I realize I should have said "No, stop it." Puppy is biting my hand and I mindlessly scratch his belly.  I know that a lot of Cesar Millan's stuff is flawed, because it is based on false premises. But my problem is, that I am just not there, as he would put it. I am *never* just there. I am never fully in the situation, my mind is constantly thinking about the next thing, decisions take ages and I get angry at myself for forgetting the stupidest things.  Yeah, maybe good that the puppy is truly exposing those flaws. But I am irritated, my girlfriend as irritated and even my girlfriends mother is irritated, after she tried to teach me one afternoon the basics of dog training, and finally though that I must be somewhat stupid, if I don't get it.  I get it! And even that makes me angry. I get everything, I know everything, but I don't know how to react quickly and use the right information at the right time.
