86714077e00d6112cb415d7a721c2c1affe20edf82ec060ec3d04d0c977f74ca;;;Just graduated university with First Class honours and I've never felt more of a mess.;;;I'm struggling to even write this because my mind feels like such a mess that I don't even know what to say.  Basically, I've just finished university and graduated last week with first class honours. Great, I guess. I know that's objectively good. I should be proud - especially because I really struggled with a lot of my final year because of ADHD.  I'm undiagnosed so therefore not medicated (was in the process of referrals + waiting lists for a diagnosis, but now I've finished uni I've moved home, so that's all pointless and I'll have to start again, I guess).  Instead of being excited about the future and proud of what I've achieved, my mind just feels like more of a mess than ever. It's like there's dozens of thoughts in there shouting different things at me (Apply for jobs! Unfuck your habitat! Pass your driving test! Get an ADHD diagnosis! Learn to focus on and achieve your goals! Get fit!) and I don't know which to focus on or prioritize to the point that I'm so stuck and I can't do any of them. Like, I'm spending hours every day doing things related to them (like searching for jobs, researching private ADHD clinics in my area, reading about project management, trying things like bullet journals/other goal-setting/life-sorting methods) but I feel like I'm achieving little-to-nothing tangible or useful at the end of the day, like I've just wasted hours upon hours and gotten no closer to a goal.  I've moved back to my parents' house now I've finished uni, which just feels like such a chaotic environment to me (makes me feel like a child again, my mum is a bit of a hoarder (and probs ADHD herself) which means there's a lot of physical clutter everywhere which doesn't help, really feel a lot less independent when I'm living at home.. I'm the youngest child anyway, so have always been the baby, but I just don't want to feel like that anymore), but I can't move out til I get a job, but that's much harder when I'm struggling with ADHD.  I keep getting so overwhelmed and keep breaking into tears thinking about it all. Part of me is like "stop being ridiculous, JUST DO THE THING, get on with your life, stop feeling sorry for yourself" but another part of me just feels absolutely paralyzed and like I'm barely holding everything together.   I don't really know what, if anything, I'm expecting to get out of writing all this here... I suppose I want a solution but I know realistically I'm not going to get one by rambling away on reddit instead of *doing something*. I don't know, I suppose it's somewhat cathartic, and I've written it all now, so I may as well post it.  **TL;DR** Just graduated with a first, but feel like an absolute mess who doesn't know what they're doing and like I'm barely holding my shit together. Good times.
