87374b90a2d5c0a73686034e08df02aa586737c1ae02544bc5b89e3529903ee0;;;Diagnosed as an adult, mid 20s. Been on Ritalin for 6 months but work seems to be the only thing giving me anxiety. Should I throw my career out the window?;;;TL:DR version:  Ritalin and medication has helped with anxiety, socialising, my mood. But whenever I work (engineer, lots of calculations) it takes me to my old anxious state.   From your personal experience, would you just try and find a less stressful, more sociable / distracting job ? Or would you push through and eventually work will become manageable as well?    Some background  I'm probably quite intelligent, which meant that together with a tendency for anxiety and a perfectionist attitude, I was able to ace high school, do pretty-good at uni (although constantly needing direction from classmates) and even worked for a few years as a graduate in a really demanding professional field.   As my anxiety progressed however (which I though was totally a normal mindset to be in), I was lucky to realise I was approaching depression. From that point, took me a year and a bit to realise I needed outside help, and another 6 months to  get diagnosed properly (went on Pristiq as the doctor though my functioning was too high for ADHD. It fucked me hard).   Now I find myself in a pretty good state - following a year on a low dose of prozac, did CBT (heavily recommended, get a good health insurance and do it. It's life changing) and got off mirtazepene, I saw my anxiety almost disappear. Mood was back up, became enthusiastic and social like never before.   Well, almost.  Whenever I go to work (engineer), I feel it spike back up. I'm currently in a pretty good position, and although everyone thinks I'm really good, I feel like I'm essentially the jack of all trades / master of none.   Now I'm at the point where to progress I would have to be independent, efficient and dedicated. But every time I sit down, and I know all the basics, I can't for the life of me put it together without becoming a nervous mess. It gets worse through the week, and by the end of the weekend I'm in a good state again only to regress on the monday. I may have been able to produce (barely), but I'm a wreck.  I was wondering what someone with similar experience would do. Find a less stressful, more sociable / distracting job? Or would you push through, maybe give it another year or two hoping that with the Ritalin and new CBT skills, work will become manageable as well?  Any relevant experiences are also heavily appreciated!  Thanks guys  PS. forgot my password, so new account :)
