876427e0e431952fa13d54fc9f7db2126e33bb349bfe0b0478fcf8cf95909e39;;;I've had ADHD for nearly 20 years, a majority of the time un-medicated.;;;Just wanted to share my story, and hopefully provide a perspective on what it's like for someone who doesn't, and hasn't, taken ADHD medication for most of their life.  I am 23. I was diagnosed with severe ADHD when I was 5, not sure what led up to the diagnosis, but I was swiftly prescribed Ritalin. This was in the 1994-1995 era, so ADHD diagnosis and treatment were fairly new/uncommon(from what I assume) and I was given a heavy dose. My parents were worried because when under the influence of ritalin I was practically a zombie, and would often had heart palpitations.   Over the next 8 years or so I began taking ritalin and aderrall on an inconsistent basis, due to both me spitting the pill out in the morning and my mom abusing them. I was pretty much completely off medicine by the time I was 12.   School, man.... I was always ALWAYS in trouble. I was pretty much always the first one in trouble during the day, taking frequent trips to the principals office. They must have been extremely understanding at my school, because despite the amount of time I spent in the office, I still passed every year. My dad ran the family, and he didn't understand ADHD very well. I would often be beaten for my antics at school. I grew up in a pretty abusive household, so not sure if this contributed to my problems or if it doesn't even matter. Anyways, I continued the same pattern of always in trouble, always running around, never being able to pay attention, never being able to commit, etc. until 11th grade.   During the summer of 11th grade going to 12th, I joined the Army and shipped to basic during what they call, Split-ops. I would do my basic during the summer, come back and finishing high school, then ship off to AIT and all that jazz fun stuff. I guess I matured pretty well during the summer, because during my senior year I was completely chill/calm and didn't get in trouble at all. I had a full time job after school and had a lot riding on me graduating and doing well. If I had to describe it, I'd say that my ADHD had turned into ADD. lol. I had pretty much assumed that I had outgrown my ADHD.  After graduating from High School I joined the active duty Army and was stationed in Hawaii. Life was normal. None of my symptoms were all that apparent during this time, for some reason, but now looking back I can spot them pretty easily. I deployed to Afghanistan in early 2011 and returned early 2012, followed by an Honorable discharge in late 2012. My last few months in the Army I started to notice my symptoms again. I had been diagnosed with PTSD, so when I started keeping a log and conscious thought of my thought process and mental health I began to notice very apparent ADHD symptoms. I made an appointment with a Psych to try and get some meds and was re-diagnosed with ADHD, called Adult ADHD in my case. The psychiatrist mentioned that I had a pretty severe case, constant fidgeting, poor memory/forgetfulness, among other things.  Now that I have been out of the Army for about 6 months I have been able to really focus on my problems and take care of them. I am able to set myself up for success and prevent a lot of the problems associated with ADHD by sticking with routines, lists, and the help of a wonderful girlfriend. I am still extremely horrible with money due to impulse purchases, but I am getting better. I still make lists for pretty much anything of importance, other wise I will forget them and they will not get done. And most importantly, I still have to set up everything the night before work so I won't forget anything, which still happens at least once a week. I have an appointment on the 22nd with a psychiatrist, so hopefully I can get some meds to help out a bit.  Anyways, just wanted to give my perspective.
