87b503cebcba0ac55fe2252034bbabf549f58c53ebf1fbe0fc765a385c8ef5ba;;;I fell in love with a guy diagnosed with ADHD while traveling. Is it worth sticking to the relationship when he is living on the other side of the world?;;;Four months ago I fell in love with a guy while we were both living abroad. After only two weeks I moved in to his apartment and we had an amazing month together.  It was time for him to go back to America but he couldn't leave me so he bought a new ticket for a month later and we went on the craziest adventures all around the country. I have never been as in love as I am with this guy and I don't want to think about a future without him. We have now been away from each other for 1,5 months and we are planning to see each other again in 3 months. We exchange messages almost everyday and it seems like the love I feel for him is mutual. However it seems like his view on our relationship changes often. Some days he will tell me that he is falling more and more in love with me each day, the next day he will tell me it's a different kind of love and the day after that he will tell me he doesn't know how much effort to put into the relationship. This has been going on and on and back and forward.   He is diagnosed with ADHD (he's not getting any treatment for it)  and I now very little about it.  I have a very impulsive personality and I am not organized at all. Together we would get into a lot of trouble but we always knew how to laugh about it. At times it felt to me like we were trying to get into troubles just to have as much fun as possible.   1. It was really rough saying goodbye to him and I felt horrible the two first weeks without him. I am slowly getting used to it. Do you think it is worth committing to him until we meet again?  2. Are chances big that he will get tired of me if things would work out and we would start living a normal life together? 3. He says he never lies and I've never caught him lying about anything but sometimes it felt like he just told me what I wanted to hear. Is it normal for people with ADHD to lie to avoid conflicts?
