8898a0b11f79145906453590098d19002ce83b51fe03ce3ff29c78881d8c9ed3;;;Am I depressed because I have ADHD, or is my lack of focus just because of depression? (x-posted from r/depression;;;I was diagnosed as having depression at 16, and have been on 5 different SSRIs over the last 4 years. I always wind up quitting them because although they do work to make me less depressed, they also make me less....everything. They make me feel like an emotionless robot/zombie that could not be brought to give a shit about anything.  Most of the SSRIs also made me feel sluggish, tired, and unfocused. I know lack of motivation, sleep problems, fatigue, etc. are symptoms of depression, but the SSRIs only made these worse, while numbing me emotionally. Nowadays, I feel like these physical symptoms are what hurt me the most.  I was a decent student through most of grade school, with parents I didn't dare disobey or disappoint (mostly scared of my dad's wrath). So maybe that's why I wasn't considered to have ADD/ADHD. But now the signs and symptoms seem very apparent to me:  I can't focus. At all. It's like my mind is running too fast for what I'm doing. I start reading some text, and before I know it, I'm skimming. I start watching a movie or TV program, and next thing you know, I'm on my cell phone or in the kitchen wondering what there is to eat. This is what's killing me in school.  I'm always tense/wound up/restless. This is one thing I've never noticed myself, but people always comment on. I'm always tapping my foot or clicking my pen or drumming my fingers on the table. If someone tries to get my attention, the response will be less like, "oh, hi, what's up?" and more "YEAHWHAT?" (not so much angrily, but more in a snap-my-head-around-and-answer-before-they-even-finished-their-sentence kind of way).  I cannot be organized. I cannot finish a task after I've started it. I have problems getting started on anything that I know will require more than 30 sec. of work or attention.  These are just a few examples of the 'symptoms' that lead me to believe I may suffer from a tad of the ol' ADHD. I get frustrated with my inability to focus or accomplish things I am otherwise perfectly capable of. I get down on myself, and then I go, "oh, geez, I'm worthless/depressed/a failure, etc." And that's where the 'depression' comes from. I can't keep friendships, because it's hard for me to plan outings, be motivated to do anything in the first place that would require more than 5 min. of driving, or calm myself down enough to make myself easy to be around (no one likes to be around a shaky, volatile, tense, fidgety person). This also depresses me.  TL;DR - I think my depression symptoms may actually be more an effect caused by ADHD, and not the other way around.  Thanks for reading, your thoughts and insight would be greatly appreciated.  (Edit: Spaced out the text.)
