898fd577afeb0659e185a7608862b6275c90288a0d135ba6e63dbf18622638f2;;;Diagnosed a few days ago and I don't really know what to expect.;;;Just a little background, I'm sixteen, at the end of my sophomore year, and have displayed symptoms of ADHD all my life, but never got a diagnosis until now because I had good grades all through elementary school and didn't really think about it after that, so I never got tested.  Ever since starting high school -- and even back in middle school, really -- my grades and general academic performance slipped. I started to suffer socially a bit, as well; I have a lot of friends, more than I did in elementary and middle school (probably just because the high school is way bigger), but I don't really feel like I connect to many of them very deeply, and end up spending the majority of my time alone in my room. I go out with friends maybe once a month, if even that often. At school, though, I'm very active with my friends, but mostly just goofing off.  Back to the point. A couple of weeks ago, my dad set up an appointment for me with a friend of his. His friend has multiple PhD's and is a renowned hypnotist or something like that. They figured they could hypnotize me into being more academically motivated. I didn't really get it, but I went along with it because I figured that it couldn't hurt.  In the preliminary interview, the doctor pointed out that I both described and was displaying symptoms of significant ADHD, and that that could explain my problems. After the session, my parents thought it would be worthwhile to pursue that possibility further, and they set up an appointment with my pediatrician.  Went in on Wednesday, did some interviewing, had a couple of my teachers fill out forms about me, and found out that I do, in fact, have inattentive ADHD. My doctor prescribed me some new medicine called Vayarin and recommended that I do a follow-up interview at a psychiatric ward because I was also displaying symptoms of depression and possibly anxiety.  I went in this morning with my parents to the ward. I went through an interview process and described my depression lapses, my near-suicide last month, stuff like that. Turns out it was pretty bad, because the doctors' primary recommendation was that I undergo "partial hospitalization", which would entail daily group therapy for five and a half hours. Since that couldn't fit into my schedule and frankly, the notion of taking such an extreme approach kind of frightened me, we decided to go with the second recommendation, which was weekly sessions with a psychologist I've visited several times in the past.  So now I don't really know what to expect. This new drug, Vayarin, has only been in use for about two years, and since it takes about a week for it to kick in, I've still got two or three days before I start to feel its effects. I'm also probably going to be starting on a stimulant of some sort, and possibly antidepressants. It's all happening pretty fast and I don't know what to expect. Does anyone have any experience with Vayarin or know how effective it is? Will I still be the same person when I'm medicated?  **tl;dr** I just got a diagnosis for inattentive ADHD and depression and don't really know what to expect, so I could use a little guidance.
