89d4401404e617031e7c7aec86a56b199385a8a57fc89dc3ddd6e81842a42c88;;;just another reminder to NEVER GIVE UP;;;Hi fellow fighters! (**long post, don't force yourself to read everything...**)  I just want to say don't ever give up, even if the future looks bleak and you can't think of anything that can make things better.  Here're 2 reminders:  1. we tend to overthink things and think the worse  2. we are just human, we can't think of every possible solutions, and also sometimes the solutions present itself outside our control. So as long as we hang on, we're giving ourselves more chances to hit that solution.  -----------  It may (no, it DOES) feel like hitting the wall again and again. It hurts, we don't understand why we won't stop, and we despair because everybody else doesn't seem to have that wall on their path.  But let me tell you sometimes there would be somebody, or something that can change that wall into a door. What we need to do is to survive until that happen. So hang on to all things dear to you, and have faith. Believe me, you'd rather die trying than rot doing nothing. It hurts, but we're not alone.  A little reminder on some things that helps:  1. Within our control: medication, exercise, diet. Also good habit and organisational tool.  2. Other's empathy, compassion and support.  -------------  Explanation:  1. I am one of those who obstinately refuse to "depend" medication or organisational tools. And I realise a lot of us are similar. then I realised, we understand why they're good for us, but we lack the willpower to carry them through. So let me preach the same things slightly more successful ADHD-er preach: **The only 4 things you need to use your willpower for are meds, exercise, good diet, and religious use of good organisational tools.** So force yourself if you have to. You have to! These will increase your ability to do anything else in life.  Will power is a scarce commodity. Use them well.  2. I hated depending on others help. I wanted to be able to do anything regardless of where or what situation I am in. This is WRONG. Other people play an important role in our ADHD battle.   Even though we can't change people, we can choose to change our environment.  - Be a well-liked person. Take interest in other people's life affair (hobbies, culture, children/pets). We do not need to be genuinely interested, that will come later, naturally. Just (try to) memorise other's affair and engage. Then people will tend to want to help you out more. - Choose not to be hurt by hurtful people. Physically move away from them, and don't listen to them. Don't even listen to the "gossips" they spread. Change boss/teacher if you have to. These people can do so much harm insidiously, you'd do good in reducing your interactions with them. - Hang in there. People come and go. Hopefully the new ones are nicer...  -----  End of my rant. Keep on fighting, people :)  ------  Who am I??? what am I doing, doling out cheery advices as if I'm made of sunshine and unicorn? The truth is my life is a mess. I hate ADHD, and I hate living life with ADHD. But I can't give up, and neither should you. So here I am talking to you as much as I am talking to myself :)  Let's show the world how amazing we are :)
