8a9ea6cf635a641d045c2b8f97a5813dbdd634b7c1e86906b6e3c75fd2b736c9;;;I just need to vent. First day on meds and feeling worried about the future.;;;Hey everyone,   This subreddit has been an amazing place for support. Right now,  I think I'm just in need of getting my thoughts out. I was diagnosed with ADHD yesterday, and have started 150mg (2x/day) of Bupropion as of today. I'm 26/F, and have the typical female diagnosed late in life story (not to down play it, but you're all familiar with it).  I'm feeling a little dizzy, but otherwise good today, managed to study for 4 straight hours which was nice. Though, the fact that I even TOOK the medication today meant that today was going to be a "good day" anyway - I have days where I get hyper focused/fearless and "on top of things" if I'm particularly engaged - so it may not have anything to do with the meds.   I've been seeing a counsellor for about 4 months now, and have been accepting that I probably have ADHD. This has done wonders for my morale. I was scoring very high on "Global Distress Scale" when I first started attending, but now find myself hard pressed to report any distress. Looking at my thoughts and behaviours through an ADHD-lens has made everything make much more sense, and has removed the guilt and self-loathing I would constantly put myself through over failures. Its given me the ability to get to the root of the issue, and in a lot of cases I'm able to cope/overcome the obstacles now.   So emotionally, this experience has been AMAZING, and I've been able to get that far without meds.   Now, I still have a lot of problems with forgetting and motivation and "starting" anything to the point where it causes me to mess up things at work (probably losing 1k a month forgetting to log overtime even), forget important (potentially very medically important) doctors appointments, can't keep track of any meetings/appointments,  personal hygiene can be lacking out of losing track of time in the morning etc... So my ADHD poses some major health/life issues.   The way I see it, not taking these meds could actually cause serious harm to me - as in - I continue to not pay attention to medically important things/may zone out while driving and actually be much worse off than anything the medication could have done in terms of side effects.   But I would like to not have to take them. There is no shame in taking meds, so that's not where this sentiment is coming from. I've just been doing so well with the emotional side of things, I wonder how well I can tackle the behavioural side. I'm thinking I may want to use the meds as an aid in getting myself on track. But maybe that's not physically possible and I will need them to STAY on track... I guess the only way to find out is to try, or maybe try staying off them for now, and going gung-ho on getting my behaviors under control. If I can't get it under control then the meds will be Plan B. Then again, I may just do the usual gung-ho for 1-5 days, then completely stop and then beat myself up every time I think I should be gung-hoing, but being incapable of getting started... Sometimes I am literally yelling at myself in my head to do something, or to stop something and I just don't react...   Does anyone have similar thoughts? Have you had success in managing ADHD without meds, or perhaps used them as an aid to behavioural changing techniques? As I'm asking this I clicked the Wiki by accident in one of my 1000 open tabs, looks like most of the answers I need are there haha! Love this place!  I may just need to get over it and accept that I need meds in order to function normally. The thought is a little scary though, and worrisome when it means I have to be super careful about other medications and alcohol and ... herbs...   I'm feeling pretty focused and "on" today, but I think it may be too soon to be feeling the effects of the meds. Meaning, I'm experiencing a placebo effect. Which means I should be capable of this on my own to some extent. Although I have been reading that Wellbutrin can act immediately in ADHD, but not depression.   Anyway, thank you for reading. On another note,  THANKS EVERYONE! I started reading this subreddit when I saw a post and identified with the sentiments expressed. I did some more research and realized the reason depression as a diagnosis (which I always thought I had low levels of) never felt "right" was because my problems were brought on by inattention/motivation issues. Reading here pushed me to see a counsellor, and then gave me the nerve to see a psychiatrist. So thanks very much =)   **TL:DR;** Thanks for being a great subreddit, and I'm going to read the Wiki for some more behavioral techniques on coping in addition to taking/maybe not taking my prescribed meds
