8aafda81bbad54671b1a310f0c09538a60863fc7d4761458e0b288e8b602faa4;;;Can't seem to find where I fit in the world. Considering disability...;;;I'll admit, I don't like reading posts like this. Here I am writing one though.  I want to give up. I've failed at every job I've ever had. I'm a federal employee under FERS. It's the longest time I've ever had one job because it's hard to fire me. I wanted to quit after 6 months, but 6 years later I'm still here. I've had step (2-3% raises) increases taken away for poor performance. Currently, I have something like 800 hours on a 400 hr assignment...with no end in sight.    It is all on me. I come in and can't make myself work.  Pomodoro, stimulants, anti-depressants, and TMS have not helped. I've burned bridges with supervisors I consider friends because I just can't produce. I want to quit and find something else, but I have no references now and I don't like the career field (accounting/audit). If I did find something else, I would find myself in the same place 6 months to a year later.  Too bored to make myself work and feeling like a caged animal in my cubicle.  I'd go back to school and study something that interests me, but I have kids to support.  I consider suicide sometimes. With FERS, my kids would get $500 a head until age 22 and a big ass lump sum that my wife could use to buy a house and get an education with.  I can't handle the chaos at home.  3 kids and an emotionally abusive wife are more than I can handle. I need quiet to get my bearings, so I stay up late....and then I get tired...and then the downward spiral begins. I will clarify though. Even though my wife is verbally abusive, I don't let it get to me. I call her out on it and then proceed like a honeybadger and try to have a good day anyway. It is just exhausting to deal with sometimes and she is trying to be a better person than her mother was to her dad.   I have no real friends. It's hard for me to not dominate conversations and wear people out, even though I am the comedic relief in the office at times. I left Mormonism over historical issues and became a pariah. My family thinks that my problems are evidence that their stupid ass religion is god's one truth on earth and not a fraud. My wife sides with them. I tried to talk to them about the disturbing things I found out about, but they just passed it all off as lies and then blamed me for being weak etc. So I'm the one that is broken and they are all morally superior to me even though they chose to blow me off when I had honest questions.    I can't do the things I like to do anymore. I blew out a couple discs in my back and gained weight. I have recurring joint pain.   As if all of that wasn't enough, we have financial problems. My Mormon wife thinks she can be a stay at home mom even though we can't afford it and that it will "all work out." Our rent increased 300% over 6 years. I had to default on credit cards to get them to settle.  Since I defaulted on the cards, the federal gov revoked my ability to hold a position of public trust. (Financial job).  So my job is probably going to be gone in a few months when my appeal is likely denied.  SO...I feel like I only have two or three options. Try to get a psychiatrist to sign my disability retirement form (not Social Security) and use that small income to find cheap housing near a college so my wife can get a degree, find a really creative way to cause my accidental demise, or just divorce my wife and send her to live off of her parents so I can be a perpetual college student living in a van down by the river.  My psychiatrist is really biased and thinks I should work because other people have worse ADHD than I do...and by worse I mean they have criminal records and low IQ's. At what point is it a disability? All having a high IQ did for me is delay diagnosis until all the bad behaviors were solidified. I think he's wrong.  TL;DR My life sucks and I think I should just try to get disability.  Edit: currently on vyvanse, cymbalta, and naproxen. Diagnosed as adhd-pi with comorbid major depressive disorder. More like I get distracted, accomplish nothing, and then feel like whale shit on the bottom of the ocean for it. :D. They haven't added that to the dsm yet...but pretty much how it works for me.  Edit 2: Thanks for the support.  You all kick ass.  I got some good sleep and have gotten a little bit above my funk that I was in.  Still haven't accomplished anything at work for the past 4 weeks though...
