8ac6b3556f5f68d1f0dbc633a751ef6ace1c3a6d46ff1f28ba2509c4451efa8b;;;E.D. side effects with Adderall. Problems obtaining a prescription for Erectile dysfunction medication.;;;(feel free to start at the sixth paragraph if you don't need background information.) I am 25 years old and I was diagnosed with ADHD last August.  Since I have been medicated I have done better in school than ever before and experienced a better social and work life.   I have tried Vyvanse, Wellbutrin, and Adderall for ADHD treatment.  Wellbutrin did not effectively treat my symptoms whereas Vyvanse and Adderall turned out to give me erectile dysfunction.  They don't decrease my libido, or interest in sex.  In fact my sex drive was ramped up,  I was enjoying my dating life more than ever.    The first few times I hooked up with someone on the medication I was very surprised that by the end of foreplay and making out, my pants came down to reveal a halfway erected penis!  Each time I was really into the girl and the making out.  I made sense of it after the fact by thinking "hmm..Maybe she was less attractive than I initially thought.." I found some humor in the idea as well. The second time, with a different girl, I reasoned afterwards that "she must not be a good biological match for me" or something. Soon after that I was reading about Adderall so  I could understand and describe exactly how it works and I stumbled onto the idea that erectile dysfunction is a potential side effect in some individuals.    I was headed to my hometown which is geographically far from where I live but I knew I was likely to hook up with a girl out there who I like a lot. I decided because it was over Christmas break, that I should stop taking Adderall because I didn't need it for school.  As I hypothesized, I had sex all night with really long lasting erections. I was relieved!  As I went back to school, I tried out Vyvanse and I noticed that It was still contributing to my erectile dysfunction so I went back onto Adderall because I liked it better.  Through masterbating I noticed that, it only takes about 24 hours, or even less for the medication to where off to the point in which I can have full fledged erections.  If I take Adderall in the evening, I won't wake up with a morning erection. If I take it in the morning, I will certainly wake up with one the next morning.   I researched clinical studies and scowered the internet for qualitative descriptions of individuals who took both Adderall and ED medication. I was not able to find any known drug interactions, and nobody reported a negative response to the combination of Adderall and ED meds. In fact, in the majority of cases I found, individuals said it solved their problem although a few said it was not effective.   My psychiatrist and my psychologist both agreed that this is indeed an issue for some people on Adderall and that after trying three medications for ADHD, that trying out ED Medication would be a logical next step.  Unfortunately my psychiatrist cannot prescribe ED Medication, likely for insurance reasons. She said an MD or a urologist needed to make out the prescription.  So I set up an appointment with an MD at a local health clinic.    After I arrive, they say they made a mistake and that the Doctor was not booked that day but I can see the nurse practitioner.  I explain my situation to the nurse and she replies with "That is what happens when your on speed"...I insisted that we needed to do something about it.  She says, "You can take your pic between speed or erectile dysfunction"  I was offended and I explain the social stigma that society so often attributes to ADHD, I go on to say that calling it speed implies that I am seeking street drugs for an illegitimate disorder and that furthermore I know that Erectile dysfunction medicine resolves this side effect in many cases.  She tells me that she won't prescribe me anything, and that I don't have ADHD.  She refused to schedule me for a follow up with an MD.  Instead she scheduled me for an appointment with there in house psychiatrist.  I tell her I already have a fantastic psychiatrist and that I only need to see an MD so I can get a prescription for ED medication.  She says that's not going to happen, because I "need a second opinion". I was so appalled I just canceled altogether.   I set up another appointment with a different doctor.  This doc enthusiastically tells me.  "Adderall does not cause erectile dysfunction, it makes your erections harder".  I actually found this to be really hilarious, it just caught me way off guard.   I began explaining my situation with the various medications I have tried and how I don't experience erectile dysfunction when I'm not on Stimulants for ADHD.  He says he doesn't believe me because "Adderall can give you four hour erections..." He says he has "20 patients on Adderall who complain of having erections that last too long"  I say "Wow, well, it doesn't effect everybody the same way.  It gives some people more frequent and longer erections, and it gives other people erectile dysfunction...apparently I fall into the latter example"  He says he doesn't believe me...so I explain how "all members of the amphetamine family, including Dextroamphetimine and I-Amphetamine stimulate the central nervous system, this can slows digestion, dilate pupils, and limit the blood flow to extremities, including the penis.  Even on 10 milagrams of amphetamine salt(Adderall XR or IR, I tried both and only at 10 milligram dosage).  I insist that it is causing my erectile dysfunction and I can pull up other examples on the internet if I need too".  I tell him I am going to look it up on my smartphone. I pull it up right away, he pulls a list up on his phone and reads off the side effects at the same time that I am reading the erectile disfunction side effect.  He chuckles and says "Headache, Dry Mouths...Oh, I don't see erectile disfunction" and starts laughing harder.  I am starting to get angry at this point, so he says "Drop your pants, lets see the size of those testicles"  Humorously (in retrospect anyway) I aggressively drop my pants to the ground showing my balls,  I gave him a gesture like "take a look at these!" He proceeds to fondle my ballsack.  We make eye contact and I ask "Whats the verdict"? He responds by saying "that's it".  I explain that "I can't just keep doing this, and how I have to choose between a sex life and jeaperdizing my academic and work life.  I just want some ED Meds!".  He refers me to a "Male health clinic" and assures me that "Adderall makes your erections stronger" on my way out he says "I'd love for you to prove me wrong" and chuckles.    I have to wait three more weeks until I am seen at the clinic. The last girl I experienced ED with has been hitting me up. I like her, but she took it so personally when I could not get it up. I explained to her that it was a side effect of my medication.  We had the problem two times and she always wants to have sex, and her feelings get hurt when I can't!. I have a lot of chemistry with some girls but I have been afraid to pursue them or go on a date with them. This has only been an issue since my last sexual encounter about 6 weeks ago.   My options are to quit taking the medication, I probably should not do this yet because I have a 20 page research paper, and a 15 page constitutional law paper due in about 2-3 weeks in addition to finals coming up. I also feel like my life is better on the medication, I have less problems procrastinating, focusing, and I don't ruminate about unimportant things that used to really bother me.   I could assemble a thought out paper, written in the most scholarly fashion as possible to addressing the concerns that E.D. is a side effect of Adderall and that ADHD is a real disorder.  I could explain the alternate treatments for ADHD before becoming medicated and I could describe my trial and error process in medication. (If you guys know scholarly sources on these issues as opposed to Wikipedia and online forums I would appreciate that. I found surprisingly little in my colleges library database.)   I could than present this paper to the physician who will be seeing me before my appointment at the "Male health clinic". Maybe for shits and giggles, I'll get a vasectomy while i'm there. The answering machine assures me, it's their specialty!  If that does not work I don't know what to do next. I have seen websites and read a few reviews on the service of "Canadian Pharmacies" that do not require a prescription.  Judging by the hundreds of reviews on some of them, this may be a viable alternative, although I'd prefer to go legit.  At this point I am really frustrated and I am confused as to why obtaining an ED pill prescription has been so difficult. If you guys have any ideas let me know.
