8b0786099ca54c167a179820899d8a3e215d29f606a1338ae40a3dbd6f3557b7;;;I'm 41 and this is my ADD story.;;;I’ve had A.D.D. all of my life; this is before we really had a name for it. We didn’t understand that some brains just produce less dopamine. A.D.D. brains (and I use A.D.H.D. and interchangeably. You’ll forgive me if I can’t really track keeping it salient.) have attentive issues. Unlike other brains, ours are continually set on shuffle. We take in all kinds of stimulus like we are drinking from a firehose. We blurt out stuff. We can’t find our keys. We need constant distraction and attention.   We can be a frustrating tribe. I get it.   We have painful school stories about how we could never sit still or how a teacher would dump our desk if we couldn’t find something. We’ve had people in our lives who thought shame was the cure to our ills and dolled it out like mashed potatoes on Thanksgiving—generously and with a smile.   **I was diagnosed at 21.** I remember bringing all of my report kids from grammar school to the psychiatrist. In about 15 minutes he pointed out all of the comments that showed my A.D.D. brain: “Doesn’t pay attention in class. Seems bored.”, “Highly creative.”, “Fidgets through out the day.” And the number one comment over my 9 years? “Consistently disorganized. Never hands in homework.”   The doctor looked at me and said, “You were diagnosed a long time ago. I’m just putting the ribbon on your chest.”   We talked about medication and methods for managing the craziness. I tried the medication, but in 1994, your options weren’t the best. I didn’t like the way it made me feel so I passed after a couple of weeks.   But I wasn’t going to let A.D.D. continue to run me down. I was going to figure out how to take all the benefits and cancel out the drawbacks.   So if you're an adult here and you JUST got diagnosed, that's a good thing because there is a ton more information out there. Would love to help. I write about it if you're [interested](https://gumroad.com/ryanmcrae/follow)  Thanks. And I'd love to hear your story.
