8bcc4855500403f32297aa0801a9f826252dff2efc9ff404489d5e18b7bf0507;;;People with ADHD in a relationship with someone who doesn't, what sort of boundaries/methods/whatever do you have in place to keep your relationship healthy?;;;I'm (f) in a relationship with someone (m) who has pretty bad ADHD. I didn't want to post in r/relationships because they don't have the insight like you all do.   Basically, I'm curious how you and your non-adhd partners stay in a healthy relationship? I feel like I'm being taken for granted a lot and that I'm possibly investing way too much time and effort and money into something that's never going to change. I don't want to call this quits and give up if it can work but I'm really struggling.  I've been with my partner 1y7m, I'm almost 29 he's almost 25. We moved in together way too quickly.   Like 4 months in too quickly.  He doesn't make as much as me so I've always cut him slack on rent,  he's not even on the lease (yes I know I'm really stupid). Still, he is consistently running out of money and asking me to help financially.   He doesn't really clean or cook and I pretty much have to plan everything in the household.  I don't even think he realizes how much work I put into making sure we have a nice life. And he complains about his job and how hard it is and how it sucks without even thinking about how much I work.  It seems really ungrateful/rude.  Now I'm no saint. I have anxiety and depression myself and I've definitely taken some of my unhappiness out on him.  I started seeing a therapist and upped my meds and it's TREMENDOUSLY helped.  I don't remember a time where I've felt this ok about life personally.   I've started to ask my therapist about adhd and relationships and what's ok and what's not.  I don't think she wants to comment because she's never met him.  I've asked him and told him I really need him to make to an appointment with me but he always forgets to ask off of work.   He FINALLY made an appointment to see someone after I got angry with him and told him how I've been feeling but it isn't like I've never communicated my feelings about these issues before! I feel like I talk to him about this one a month.  It is so frustrating.    What are OK boundaries for me to make so I'm not being too hard on him with his ADHD but that don't make me feel like I'm his caretaker/being taken for granted?   I do have resources from my therapist and I'm going to look into but I'd love the perspective of people with ADHD.  TL;DR He has adhd and I have depression/anxiety I feel like I'm being taken for granted but have also lashed out at him because of my issues. I've been working on mine but he doesn't seem to be improving.  What are healthy boundaries I can make so this relationship could even have a chance?
