8ccacbfb67b80ba269068e65c834606a0fd05ed5afd34c23880ad77da9e91984;;;(XPOST) I'm looking to turn my mental health data in something tangible that my psychiatrist can look at and understand. What program should I use to do that?;;;I downloaded LibreOffice and realized...I don't know where to start or if LibreOffice is even the best tool to do this.  I haven't broken down every single step yet so I'm still at the brainstorm stage. Here's what I want to do and why I want to do it.  I want to break down my daily life as it currently relates to my mental health which I'm hoping will also reveal things about my mental/physical health and where I'm going wrong. Things like this may be immediately apparent to some but I've been in and out of psychiatrists and I've never got it quite right. I'm diagnosed ADHD at 32 years old. You all may or may not know that ADHD is a spectrum disorder that can also have co-morbid problems like dyslexia, bi-polar disorders, and depression as well as problems that aren't commonly known as genetic problems such as narcissism and stuff like that.  So my purpose is tease out any of this stuff and try and find some realizations that can be put into data and logically graphed out. Some thoughts on format include:  Do you consider today a good day or a bad day?  What time I wake up today?  Did you wake up and take a shower right away?  Did you sit down or stand up in the shower?  Did you darken the bathroom window while showering?  Did you wash your body with soap?  Did you wash your hair?  Did you brush your teeth?  Did you exercise today?  Did you smoke cigarettes today? -If so how many? -What time of day did you have your first?  Did you drink alcohol today? -If so how many? -What time of day did you have your first?  Did you feed your dog as soon as you woke up?  How many times did you take your dog out to play today?  Did you watch t.v.? -If so how many hours -When did you start watching t.v.?  You get the idea. I have a ton more personal stuff that I want to include but it wouldn't be appropriate to share my entire thing on here. However, once I'm done and have some significant data in the next year or 2, I'll be willing to share the entire data set as well as the template.  Or I'll probably just start doing it for a month and drop it lol.
