8d53b596f49372c4c201da0d7ab768fc73db40677b86e61614c8b73f2a4ddfbb;;;A Story of the Past Two Weeks: Or, a Ritalin High, five cups of Coffee and 3 Hours of Sleep.;;;  So I was diagnosed with ADHD-Pi a long time ago, but I had always been opposed to what I thought was a pertinant issue of an Overdiagnosis of Stimulants (I know I was probably only half politically correct). I also have some overlying social anxiety, which has made for a good bit of my character.    Two weeks ago I talked to my doctor, who perscribed me a low (18m g) dosage of Ritalin IRs for the long-term. During that week, I did about on par with my normal academic performance. When I ran a race on it 2 days in, I PR'd and noted that the race sent me into a state of total focus. This was probably the only effect I truely believe was definitely derived from the drug. For the 1st 3 days, I was well organized.    So I told the Doctor this, and stated that the organization was oddly placebic of an affect, and he told me to up my dosage to a moderate(?) 36 mg / Day of Ritalin.    Well, that was three days ago. I had 3 hours of sleep last night, and did Homework and organized like nobody's buisness. My taking of the medication overlapped from Sunday to Mon., as I took it at 4pm on Sunday and 7AM(*reg. time) Monday, and so today I was fucked up on that stuff.    I stayed up until 4 last night to do HW, and woke at 6 and have not ceased to be in an oddly crazy state of constant work.    I found it too hard to concentrate because I had 4 tasks going fluidly at once, and was in my own productive world whenever my teachers asked questions that threw me off.    So, as a newcomer I must ask - is this all foreign and odd to most of y'all too, or should stuff like this be expected with medecation and treatment? Will it usually be like this?    (Additionally, may coffee be mixed with most meds without harm?)    EDIT - Thank you all for the great feedback! I went to see my doctor today, and I'll keep all this well remembered! Thanks!
