8fd57a608fd31614aea2464890774a3e6378217acd4747eb1ec581b0789c9e67;;;Where has this subreddit been all my life?;;;Growing up (I'm 30 now) I always thought I was just lazy and slow. My grades were mediocre from elementary school through high school, yet I could still be the answer machine for fellow students and start---then derail into absurdity---group discussions in class. As much as I loved learning, I was just constantly bored with the homework and then just bored in general.  Again, I thought and was told that I was a lazy kid/teen.  It wasn't until I started university in my late 20s that a professor helped me discover and come to terms that I have ADHD. She said I knew the material on a passionate level, but said I would derail group conversations, often going into totally different directions. She pointed out that my essays were smart, but rambling into different---sometimes unrelated---directions. Then she said that even when I did turn in homework on time, the contents of it gave her the impression that I was bored, even though she knew I was never bored on the subject (Anthropology--Primates). Then came her diagnosis, after the detailing of her having studied my behavior over the course of the semester, that I have ADHD.  I always thought (and was told) that it was a made-up mental ailment for "lazy people". I should also note that I have suffered severe depression most of my life and survived a few suicide attempts. I have always felt worthless.   Needless to say that due to my extreme unshakable respect for my professor, I took her revealings seriously and began looking more into ADHD.   I'd like to say that GI Joe was right and that knowing IS half the battle, and maybe it still is, but this knowing unveiled new horrors. I felt trapped, a prisoner of ill-sated and mentally drowsy passion. Shackled.   I loved my classes, almost in a poetically romantic way. I simply adored and practically worshiped my professors. You could ask anyone of my friends that I hung out with on a regular basis and they would tell you that sometimes I just would not shut up about my course material. On the outside, I looked like one of those overly obsessive students. Behind closed doors, with my assignments, was a blood soaked battlefield of a losing campaign.  The knowing in that it was not pure laziness erased the possibility of a placebo, which sometimes (hit or miss) would help me complete endeavors, albeit rarely. I didn't know what to do anymore and it had started to become apparent in its existence within my recreational activities. Do you know how excruciatingly painful it is to WANT to play Skyrim, but not be able to because of this mental "boredom" block that insists it would be more "fun" to sit and think about what else you could do while ultimately sitting there and doing NOTHING?! Of course you do. All of you do. That's why I have eventually found myself here. I need the support of a community.  I dropped out of university, because despite my still undying passion for the sciences, racking up student debt with mediocre to failing grades did not seem worth it and I was tired of being a complete disappointment and a waste of time to the professors---that I saw/still see as God-like---who had all the faith in me, probably more faith than most of my family and friends. It is still eating me alive.  Hello, it's nice to meet all of you. I hope we can all help each other with the burden of our mental shacklings.
