900df7359e800d14fd94d307c420c5da499c3f833057ee9b277762a5ad03ed30;;;Recently diagnosed, would love some input re: Adderall and meds;;;Hello all,   This is my very first Reddit post. Please don't roast me :D   I've known I have ADHD (inattention) for awhile. My mother has it and when she was diagnosed, she told me all the time I definitely have it, too. I never believed her until I started doing research and went on a path of self-discovery. Once it hit me that I definitely have it, I became very motivated to get a diagnosis and medication. I'm a single parent working full time and I am barely holding on to sanity.   It took roughly 7 months with Kaiser to get my diagnosis and meds. It was a nightmare, but I won the battle...so I thought. I've been on Adderall IR for almost two weeks now. I started at 10mg twice daily and after my complaints that it was shockingly ineffective, my psych gave me the option to try 20mg twice a day or switch to something in the Ritalin family. I chose to try the 20mg option.   My impression: WTF. Adderall makes me lethargic and my attention and focus, as far as I can tell, have not improved. I'm just as sucked into my phone, I don't do anything productive. I know it's not a magic pill but I was hoping for SOMETHING. It's suppressed my appetite, but I don't think I've lost any weight, which is a bummer but whatever. I get cold now, when I was always hot before. My heart beats faster. My bowels are messed up even with taking a daily probiotic. My period is a week late. My mood is maybe even worse than before. I'm not necessarily irritable, just kind of flat. Time goes by so slowly.   I know meds work differently for everybody but I was hoping for so much more, after seeing my mom transform into a different person on Adderall. She was upbeat and perky and got shit done.   I just want to nap or stare at my phone/computer. I just want to be better. At work and home both.   Does anyone have any input? Is this normal for just getting on meds? Won't other types of stimulants be the same? Is there really a lot of difference? I mean I don't hate the Adderall but so much is lacking. Any advice at all, whether medication wise, words of wisdom, etc is greatly appreciated.
