909c0b764847b1a3165cd03a57edbe373e75b1067cb94110c585cc2d03b48348;;;I'm 20 and in feel like I'm doomed for life. I need some help... [Long];;;I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was in the 3rd grade. I took Ritalin and that worked like a charm, sorta. I was quiet and got all my work done, but I never felt like myself and lost my appetite. I stopped taking them when I was in the 7th grade.   I feel like I've always been slow at everything. I can't process anything as fast as other people can. I'm lazy and made procrastination a habit. Doing so builds a lot of stress and puts a lot weight on my shoulders. I can't help it. Why am I so lazy or is this just the way I am?   People say I'm bright and see me having a good future, but I'm not sure if they are saying that to boost my self esteem or if they're right. There are times I feel like I can accomplish what I put my mind to and that's the best feeling in the world. But most of the time I think I'm a failure.   So not too long ago I started taking medication again. I started with Ritalin. I didn't think it was working, so I went to Adderall IR. I felt like the the IR didn't last long enough for me so went to XR. I did that for about a month until I moved on to Vyvanse. Vyvanse worked incredibly well until I noticed something wrong. None of the medication worked as they were supposed to. It gave me a great high sensation like I can accomplish anything I wanted to do. But I never accomplished anything I needed to do, only what I wanted.  I feel like the medication made me ADD worst. I would lose focus faster than I normally would. I then realized I was addicted to the medication. I took it for a little over a year. When I knew I was getting bad, (everyone was telling me how skinny I got. I'm 5'5" and weighed at my lowest 113 pounds. Yikes right? I'm 138 pounds now.) I quit the medication cold turkey. I know that's bad, but I did it and it worked. I've been off the medication for almost a year now.   I started taking the medication when I started college. It sort of helping in the beginning but it stopped working. Like I said before the medication made me do what I wanted to to do not needed, so I stared skipping classes and what not. When I was in class I wouldn't pay attention and just browse the web on my laptop doing what ever I wanted. I then just completely dropped out of school. I've been calling it a "break" but it's almost been 2 semesters.  I need to go back to school, but I don't know if I can with the way that I am. I feel helpless because I don't think medication can help me and I don't think I can change myself.   Has anyone had this problem with Adderall? I've never taken Concerta before, but I'm thinking about it. I don't think it'll work for me though. Does anyone have experience with this?   I just feel like my mind is too slow, I break everything I touch, and I'm too lazy to get anything done. I just need help and guidance to get me back on my feet. I just hope I can do that.  Thank you so much to anyone that read all of that. It's been hard for me to share this with anyone.
