91605f3bb171c903796a6f98b75ad95e524385ef81610cc282b0dc40466eb6cf;;;Tactics for participating in, rather than dominating, conversations?;;;Hey all,  I'm relatively new here, and I'm really appreciating all the sharing and info and posts that I've been reading. I was diagnosed w/ADHD after a long struggle with depression/anxiety/etc. in my teenage years--was finally diagnosed my last year of high school (age 17) and have been on Concerta off and on ever since. I've always had lots of niche interests which got me access to various groups of friends; but I've never been great at maintaining those friendships despite very strong desires to do so.  I recently (3 months) started a new, exciting job in project management for a big and successful company--the team in my office is pretty small (9 people) and I'm having one hell of a time learning how to socially interact appropriately. I've been taken aside by my boss and scolded for interruption/sentence-finishing a couple of times and acting "too strong" in conversations; a coworker gently told me that I tend to "jump in" too much in conversations; and I've become sensitive to everyone clamming up once I join in the conversation at the lunch table (company policy is we all eat lunch together.)  I've managed to pare it down via reading about others' experiences and thinking critically about my own to a few key problems.   * When others share experiences, I immediately share at least one, if not 2-3 experiences that I or my friends/family have had that are (at least from my perspective) relevant. I grew up *really* socially isolated in a fairly emotionally abusive environment, and my absolute favorite thing is feeling like I can relate with other human beings. But, I'm learning that this isn't perceived as efforts of empathy, but conversational dominance.  * When I finish other's sentences, it's because I feel exuberant about connecting with them and I delight in being able to understand what they want to say. However, I've learned now that this is perceived as trying to silence or shut-down the other person, which makes me feel terrible because that's not at all what I'm endeavoring to do. * I want very much to connect with people, and share lots of what I think are interesting related tangents and stories; but I am coming to recognize that these aren't received well. I think it's mostly ADHD, but also having grown up in a very disempowering environment--so it's a desire of wanting to connect but also of yearning to be heard and valued. I get that this is my own shit and if I'm going to succeed as a Real Adult, I need to figure out how to ameliorate those anxieties and sometimes let the thoughts go unshared. * It's primarily an issue in group settings. One-on-one with people I am close to (like my partners and best friends,) I have been told to be very loving, empathetic, and thoughtful. All of this breaks down, though, in group situations where there is no inherent power dynamic (e.g., when I'm not a leader running a meeting;) or in individual conversations where I don't have a standing strong connection to my partner.  r/ADHD, how do you handle these urges/behaviors? How do you connect in non-emotionally-intimate conversations without dominating them by accident?  **tl;dr: I have ADHD and experienced an isolated, emotionally-invalidating upbringing. This manifests in conversations in behaviors that I think are efforts to connect and share with others, but are perceived by others as conversationally-dominating and self-centered. Do you have tactics or tricks that help you be quieter, a better listener, and actively empathetic without coming off as selfish or dominating?**
