91fbd85d33aea99dba6279d6720d6c4e3664fde6d3c1017e7ede0a85634b03de;;;Here's how I see ADHD;;;Lets talk about music players.  Your average person(in this scenario) has a media player with a long list. So if they want to listen to a song, they have to scroll over to it. They might see some songs they'd like to listen to, but they don't click on them. They might listen to a couple songs on the way, but as they keep scrolling, they'll usually make it to the song they wanted to hear.  Now, someone with adhd. We don't get a list function. We have our library on permanent shuffle, and forward/back controls. Except sometimes the back function doesn't work. Less commonly, the forward function won't work. Very rarely, a search bar will appear and be functional, but only for a short time. Also, if a song is longer than a minute, it might accidentally skip to the next song after a bit.   Back to the average person. They don't see our media player. So they look at us, and ask us why we don't just scroll to the song we want to listen to. To them, we're just getting stuck on too many songs we want to listen to. In reality, though, we're just trying our best to listen to the songs we want to, but it's harder than they realize.  Patches will never give us a list function. It's just not in our media player's code. But patches can improve the frequency and uptime for the search bar, can make the forward/back function much more reliable, and lower the frequency of accidental skips forward.  Does this analogy make any sense? I'm not great at them... like a shark.
91fbd85d33aea99dba6279d6720d6c4e3664fde6d3c1017e7ede0a85634b03de;;;Quick rant about my doctor's appointment;;;Please, read the side note at the bottom before replying if you plan on it.  Also, I really tried to keep this condensed, but the sloppy **TL;DR:** After months of trying to get diagnosed, my doctor referred me to a commercial plychiatrist. But I don't know with who, when they'll contact me, or even how they'll get in touch. I assume it won't cost me out of pocket(since my plan is 100% free), but I honestly don't know. Extremely frustrated.  5th appointment with my doctor today. 1st appointment was basically a meet and greet. Second and third had me trying wellbutrin, which made me feel terrible. 4th appointment, got referred to the county mental health access line, who straight up told me they couldn't get me to see a psychiatrist.  So, today, 5th appointment. My doctor is frustrated, so am I. She tells me that referrals to that line are her main way of getting people to see psychiatrists, for many issues. Explain to her what they told me, and basically, they'll only refer(through the access line) treatment(theraputical), but they won't refer for an adult adhd diagnosis.  So, she goes to see what she can do(she quite legitimately didn't know how to help me, so she consulted with other docs). Nurse comes back, and says they referred me to an outside, commercial psychiatrist, who will "get in touch with me".  So yeah. I'm sitting here, after months of trying to get help. At some point in the future(no idea when), someone(no idea who) will get in contact with me(by phone or mail). No idea how long that will take, wasn't given any kind of time range.  I guess the main part of this rant is this. If I had told my doctor I thought I had schizophrenia(which is not at all my issue), then I would have been able to see a psych. Obviously, assuming the psych wasn't completely inept, would have said I have 0 schizophrenia symptoms, but then I could have told him about my attention issues.  So yeah. Lying to my doctor would have been the best course of action for me, as much as I hate to think that. Instead, I have some nebulous concept of getting help in the future. How hard is it for me to see a god damned psychiatrist for a bit &gt;.&gt;  (Side note: I'm super poor. I'm on medi-cal, california's medicare equivalent. I can't afford private care, nor any health plans. If going through a different entity was a possibility, I'd jump at the chance).
