928a5429abe71740b85f15e25ababace0c548aedf30307f40734261304a0c178;;;Can you guys help me understand my girlfriends ADD?;;;Well, the title basically says it all. My girlfriend was diagnosed with ADD well before I met her. Well, she is currently on Vyvanse and its almost as if she has become a different person, but I will save that more for later on. I want to get educated about this. I want to know more about the condition itself and how it effects people.  A little background, she is 16 years old and has been on her current medication for the past 3 years. She says the medicine does in fact help her concentrate, but her personality changes dramatically when shes on the drug. She goes from someone  who will talk to anyone, who is extremely affectionate towards me, and turns into almost a shut in, and barely shows any affection at all. I am wondering if this is normal for someone on ADD/ADHD medication or if this is a sign that she should try different medication.  I would also like to know more about what its like for someone with ADHD and not on medication, I know its not the same for everyone, but I just want some understanding on what its like for someone living with this condition. I want to know what its like in her head so I can better understand her.  **TL;DR: Is it normal for my girlfriends personality to change so drastically on her medication, and can you help me understand what its like for someone living with this condition.**   Update: Well I tried talking to her about her medicine last night, she says she has tried it all and she likes its one the best, of course shortly after that she says she "Wants to take a break from our relationship". We are not broken up yet, but it probably will happen, she basically went from the sweetest, most caring, girl I have even met so someone who is shut out, and barely wants to talk to me. Its sad to see and very frustrating to not be able to do anything about it. She does not take the medicine over the weekend so things might get better then, if we can last that long.
