9296f917b0b3f129d687e7f4debcce72ad6f111fff4a7e4bf357db5ff4209602;;;I'm so tired of being me.;;;I've never even been tested or diagnosed with ADHD, but there's no other way I can explain what I do.   The thing is I'm not a complete idiot. I go to an ivy league school, but I'm so out of place. It's not that I can't get good grades but everyone here is so quick, sharp, focused, and motivated, and I'm so slow and my mind is always all over the place.  Despite this, I've been able to fake my way through. I try to focus on grades and clubs. I don't actively avoid social contact, but pretty much every conversation I have is incredibly forced and anxiety-inducing, and almost never ends up with forming a stronger connection with this person. I'm horrible at forming sentences on the spot, so I always have lines in my head that I'm ready to use when I see someone I know. When I try to be funny I sometimes even come off as offensive. eg. Yesterday one of the girls in my lab asked me how MCAT studying was going while I was playing a video game on my computer, and I said, "Are you asking because I'm not studying right now?" IMMEDIATELY I knew that was an unfunny, stupid ass thing to say (commence anxiety). And she seemed taken aback, and said, "Uh no, I'm just asking..." These types of exchanges happen all. the. time.   So I usually just try to ignore the fact that I'm like this. Well yesterday  at the lab I work in I somewhat accidentally read the emails between my lab professor and the graduate student there, and it crushed me.  This lab deals with plants, and I mostly just try to do my job. I understand most of the stuff I'm doing, but my professor often quizzes me on the spot and I freak out and can't give a coherent answer. I screw up sometimes, but I always do my best to fix it. I'm not close with my lab-mates, but I'm very friendly to them, and always ask how they're doing, get them food etc.   There was literally nothing good the grad student and professor had to say about me. Both of them commented on how I had the "attention span of a goldfish." My professor said "I can't stand this fucking kid," and "Most of the time I just want to tell him to get the hell out of my lab and never come back." I came in 15 minutes late once, and my professor said, "this stupid ass is making me wait around for half an hour." He even said and I quote, "yeah I think you're right, this kid is a spoiled rich kid. I think he just wears shitty, smelly clothes because his mommy can't wash them for him now." I try my best to look nice, and I'm not rich at all so that kind of just made me sad.   The grad student worked with me alone this week because my prof. was in Paris, and said, "David (me) just spilled mustard on the couch and now it smells like the State Fair. Save me."   THAT sentence, "save me," killed me. Someone that's only a few years older than me hated being around me that much.   I cried for the first time since I was 7. I can't stand being me. I don't even care if my brain has some smarts, I would rather be an idiot that people liked.   I'm sorry, I hate posting a sob story but I needed to unleash all this somewhere, and I might as well do it here.   Edit: I'm overwhelmed and incredibly grateful for the support I'm getting. It's especially good to know that I'm not the only person out there like this. I'm gonna seek counseling and testing, and maybe things will turn around.
