9340523d18c4bbca86c3df74a72d6a3c1f7813fcb66d9ca747213fbfb6146ec0;;;Is my roommate is using ADHA as an excuse?;;;I got this new roommate about 5 and 1/2 months ago and instantly we did not click. He does not do his dishes, wipe down the counters, flush after pooping, take his clothes out of the dryer or washer at times, and practices his music loudy after 10pm, etc. I mean LOUD, you can hear him from across the street loud.  I would remind him every other week to do everything I listed and more, then it became every week, but it he ignores my requests. He would do his tasks for a couple of days then would stop. It infuriates me more than I can describe. About a couple of months in, he tells me he has ADHD and that he can only focuses on 2 or 3 things: music, wrestling, and working out. Everything else is hard for him to remember to do. So I told him to make a list and make sure he gets everything on the list done.   Needless to say, the list did not work. It's a struggle to have him do his dishes or remember to flush the toilet at times. There's always an excuse or a lie.   Fast forward 3 months after we live together and I've had enough and was going to kick him out, but he loses his job so I let him stay until he finds something. He decides to buy a car to make it easier to go to interview. He told me he has 8K in the bank and the car would be 4K so there's 4K left, which should last him 6 months after rent, food, and gas. Turned out he only had about 5K, and now 2 months of unemployment, no money, same excuses of ADHD keeping him from remember to do anything around the house, or finding a job. I'm in a very tough situation. It's the holidays but I can't live with him anymore so I tell him to he has to move out by the end of January.   We get in the same argument every single week about how he forgot to do something or he's being inconsiderate of other people in the house. So I called him lazy for things like not closing the contact case all the way and spilling solution everywhere when he throws it into the drawer, or how he doesn't flush, or take his hair out of the drain, or do the dishes, etc. There's an actual list of 88 things he doesn't do. I was angry enough this time to call him a liar, which he does all the time, like the amount of money he has, when he bought a new phone but said someone else did, or lied about using my shampoo, the list goes on.  The next day he sends me 2 links about ADHD and how what he said are "honest lies" because his brain is lying to him too. Another link about how people with ADHD are misunderstood to be lazy.   https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/liking-the-child-you-love/201002/adhd-and-honest-lies-0  https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/may-i-have-your-attention/201204/are-people-adhd-lazy  I don't believe his ADHD is lying to me, I think he's lying to me and he knows it. He doesn't admit the truth when confronted with it. As for him being lazy, I told him I know its hard for him to stay focus and study or look for a job but not closing the contact case all the way everything day before throwing it in to the drawer is lazy.  So my question is, are his claims legit or is he just a terrible roommate? I have to live with him for another month and a half with no rent and I don't know what else to tell him without him constantly throwing ADHD in my face as his shield. I'm at the point where I might kick him out right before Christmas, which would be terrible. Also he's not hyper at all, most mild person I know.  How do I get him to work with his ADHD and stop using it as an excuse? And what do you think of those articles?   TL:DR - Terrible roommate is using ADHD as an excuse to be a liar and lazy bum. I though ADHD is about concentration/focus or lack there of, but does it ADHD you live a different reality than those around you? and does ADHD make you forget to brush your teeth, and do your dishes?
