9440e0a5bc15e9834b7d606eb2c4f3ca97341ee7b9dc534fe6870f1417762296;;;What does this forum think about the free will debate? I think the belief in Free Will hurts the ability for people with ADHD to get help.;;;I'm wondering what this sub thinks about the Free Will debate, considering everyone here wrestles with their 'will' to act certain ways.   I have felt for over 20 years that people do not truly have free will.  There is a ton of philosophical discussion on it, but the real scientific evidence all points to people NOT having free will.  neuroscience, basically any psychology study, etc.  If you have looked into this discussion online at all you will usually find that the argument is just whether or not we have even a tiny tiny bit of free will, but no one really argues that we are truly 'free' anymore.  A friend of mine asked me awhile ago why i cared about this debate.  "What woudl it change, if I agreed that we didn't have free will".    And the other day I realized, ADHD is the perfect example.  Because people want to believe in free will, they think that people can just 'focus more!' or 'make sure to pay attention in class!'     American society even admits that some things are not truly free, and we put those things in a bucket of 'exceptions'.  Alcoholism for example.  We put a label on it and then people *usually* understand and forgive, or try to forgive someone who is struggling.  "Oh she has alcoholism, poor thing".  On the block is Anxiety and Depression.  The academic community has Labeled this issue and many people realize its not somthing you can just power through but even still, many people still say that people with anxiety just need to 'cheer up, think positive!'  They say that because they feel we are Free.  For humans to have free will though, it would mean our brains violate the known laws of physics.  And it would mean our brains are the ONLY thing we have ever come across in our scientific investigations, that does violate those rules.  Seems pretty unlikely to me.    Over time, as people have a family member or friend who experiences anxiety, depression, alcoholism, ADHD,etc.  they will start to realize that the person isn't able to just work their way out of the issue on their own, so they internally label that thing as 'uncontrollable'.   So society changes slowly, it takes generations I think for people to meet someone with a mental issue, and realize it is beyond their control.  ADHD is even tougher than many other mental issues though IMO, because we CAN focus at times (when we are focused on something interesting) and the issue is similar to what everyone struggles with (keeping attention on something boring).  They fail to realize that for them paying attention is a mild uphill 3 mile hike, while for others paying attention is like scaling mt everest barefoot.  Anyway as usual Im kind of rambling but this just bugs me that science supports the No Free Will theory, and if people would accept it, mental health issues would get a lot more attention and help.  Instead, people assume that someone can overcome a mental disability easily, not realizing its akin to telling someone with a broken leg to go run a marathon.  We wouldnt do that because the injury or disability is clearly visible, and a person cannot just magically choose to heal their broken leg.  With ADHD, the 'injury' is not visible, and people feel that if we have an issue we can just choose to fix it.  "just focus more!"
