955a10d976d4bab8ac6d0ce69c3de08950d89d9501f2e9941bcecf541128a4b9;;;Your experiences with SSRIs before stimulants, and uncovered expenses;;;Hey.  I was taking 20mg citalopram (Celexa) for about a month and a half before I followed up with my GP. After telling him my forgetfulness, inattention and boredom/hyperactivity have elevated on the citalopram, he put me on 50mg generic Zoloft. It's been like 2-3 days and my impulsiveness and lethargy are way up. I can't seem to stop eating either, and I've been craving caffeine more than usual.   My GP recommended me a psych out of my insurance group, and most of the psychs within my group don't look too great. My mom wants me to go see a behavioral counselor or something for a diagnosis within our insurance. Obviously that'd be a place to start but I wouldn't be receiving the treatment I'm looking for (medication.) I'd really like to try adderall or vyvanse but I don't know how to suggest that without seeming like I'm a drug seeker. I have a big self medication thing with cannabis that I haven't discussed with my GP either, something I'd be more comfortable discussing with a psych.   I'd like to hear your experience with SSRIs before your diagnosis/treatment with stimulants, and if you think it'd be worth it to go to a better psychiatrist that isn't covered by insurance. Thanks.
955a10d976d4bab8ac6d0ce69c3de08950d89d9501f2e9941bcecf541128a4b9;;;My goal/dream possibly isn't attainable due to adhd?;;;I'm losing my shit right now and I feel lost. I'm convinced I have ADHD and I've been looking at psychs actively to go speak with someone and get properly medicated. I've been hammering this lately to figure it out, and obviously I'm not a medical professional but I've put enough together to diagnose myself. But I've been actively trying to put a solution to this so I could start flight training, because I want to be a pilot. But after looking into it, I won't get medical approval while on ADHD medication or if I have an ADHD diagnosis on my record.  The whole point of me hammering out this ADHD diagnosis and shit, is for me to stay focused on flying and pursue my dream career as a commercial pilot. Because in the past, I've had this same spark for say becoming a doctor and majoring in biology in college as I do for becoming a pilot, but I regressed to my average state of being and got lazy and shit and dropped out of college.   It's almost like I lie to myself every so often and say "alright we're gonna buckle down, take everything seriously, not more bullshit" and within a matter of weeks, I regress to my default.  And that's exactly why I haven't started flying yet, because it's expensive as fuck and I can't afford to throw away thousands of dollars just to end up becoming distasteful of it.  I feel so lost right now, and I have no one to talk to because it's the middle of the night. I was so excited to finally get a diagnosis and treatment and now I have to either risk all this money (this is how it feels right now) or find a new passion, which is fucking impossible.
