974c3800f3d514580967c9327389e14dd004ad15e1a90e47c136dd51a2f05eda;;;Didn't go to a good uni this year because I wanted study harder to get into Cambridge. Untreated ADD is frustrating my plans, and I'm now fearing I'll fail worse than I did last year.;;; *  As of the time of writing, I am still undiagnosed. Last October I went to the GP where I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression and prescribed setraline, 50mg. This helped with the depression, but she didn't believe that women over the age of 12 could have ADD until I brought in a folder filled with research I'd done.  * I am currently studying A2 History and a full A Level in Classical Civilisation for this year's exams. This means I have 5 exams to prepare for, as well as coursework that I have a week to complete. It goes without saying that prep is not going well. I already managed to get A*BB last year, but between my own hubris and the pressure that comes with being known as the 'smart kid' for my entire life, I didn't want to settle for the only uni that would take me and chose to take a year out and try for Cambridge.  *  It's taken 3 months to get a referral to a mental health professional for an assessment, and I will not get a phone call from said professional until the 19th.  *  My super religious mother confiscated my medication about two months ago and said I should be praying more and that my depression comes from not paying enough attention in church. I'm 19, not at uni (doing retakes in this gap year) and unemployed apart from volunteering; she's paying for all my tuition costs (About £3k) so I'm totally financially dependent on her.  *  Now my depression and anxiety is untreated and has gotten significantly worse, and I'm not even sure I'll make it until the 19th. I find it impossible to focus on studying and completing coursework, and I can see myself failing again. I need to get at least an A* and an A this year to get into my dream uni, but I'm not sure I'll even be able to cope once I get there.
