9753ebf8a0c1efad5a9dcb8eaf9436c8c915dc18e3b667dfefbf4adee1388359;;;A word on ADHD meds and Non ADHDers;;;Obligatory rant. I was diagnosed with ADHD in my second semester of my freshman year in college, and it was a blessing to have that kind of clarity a proper diagnosis can bring. What I was not prepared for was the struggle of finding the right medication. I had preconceptions of the prescription of pharmaceuticals to be a very linear, cut and dry process. I didn't realize that as good as doctors can be, there aren't really tests or procedures for calculating what drug in what dosage is going to work for you. I know now what I'm sure many here have experienced, that it is more of a trial and error process in which you are constantly weighing the risks and side effects against the benefits adhd meds provide. I struggled to find the right balance, switching from Adderall IR (instant release) 10mg, then to 20mg, then Adderall XR (extended release) in 25mg and 30mg, before finally arriving at Vyvanse, starting with 40mg, going to 50mg, back to 40mg and then back to 50mg. All of which had different side effects that affected me physically, mentally, and emotionally and sometimes in ways that I didn't notice until pointed out by close friends or family. I struggled with lack of appetite, emotional supession, anxiety, exhaustion, sleep problems and maybe some slight depression. Some of the side effects were more profound than others, and there was a dark period with me and Adderall XR when I was taking 30mg with a 10mg IR booster. I became a different person in a sense and I didn't even notice until months of being a shut in and anxious. I'm finally at my sweet spot with Vyvanse 50mg and it's working great for me, despite some side effects of decreased appetite and a crash at the end of the day.   I go through all this because when I hear non adhd people who talk about ADHD meds, I know they really have no idea what it really is. I see alot of people abuse it in college and I've had to deny friends trying to buy my medication off of me. Adderall is kind of a meme at this point with so many people who think of them as smart pills. As someone who has been dealing with these medications and the mental health system, I would want to let people know that these drugs aren't something to fuck with. They're powerful medications that can have serious side effects. You have to be extremely aware of your body and your mind because the side effects can sometimes be very subtle and you can be totally unaware that you're becoming slowly more irritated, anxious, and depressed. That can destroy you if it gets too far.   I'm not trying to give a 'drugs are bad' speech. I'm saying that this shit is potent and if you don't give it the respect it deserves, it will bite you.   If you think you might have ADHD, don't self medicate. A dose good for one person could be way too much for another. Talk to a doctor you can trust and get a proper diagnosis. ADHD is often comorbid and can look very similar to Bipolar disorder. ADHD meds and bipolar disorder DO NOT go well together. Just talk with an expert and do your research.    If you're just trying to cram for finals, stick to coffee. Adderall can take a little anxiety and make it a mountain of anxiety. Plus, the science isn't exactly clear if it truly helps those without adhd with learning. It's not worth the risk of making a habit out of taking these pills when you don't know what you're doing.  If you're just starting down the pharmaceutical journey with your doctor, be patient and alert. Take note of how you feel and make sure you have a support group, whether it's friends or family, to give you objective data about how your medicine affects you. You might be surprised by what they notice. Take it slow, you're going to get there eventually, and it's not going to help racing up your dosage too quick because you want results now.  I just wanted to share my experiences with you all and see if you felt the same. I also wanted to give some insight to people who are just beginning their journey with a diagnosis or who are unfamiliar with the complexities of adhd. Vyvanse has made my life significantly better and I have no plans of stopping my prescriptions with my current side effects at this time. I don't want to scare anyone away from taking medicine. I just want to make sure people treat this process with respect and care to make sure they stay safe. Sorry this is so damn long.   TL;DR  ADHD meds are potent and can fuck you over. Treat them with respect and you won't get bit.
