99ef2ce4a3bf435cb2a82b6e4fedca2fac23ea6dab8337f7648f841005c9df68;;;Effects of medication on creativity;;;Sorry if this has been asked before, but I have to figure out how to get this solved.  I'm a documentary producer, and to be honest, I've been very successful during my career.  I'm 29, have won several major awards, and I've absolutely LOVED my job.  I was diagnosed with ADHD in about 7th grade, was on and off meds through high school, and then didn't take them again until this Fall.  I started with Ritalin/Focalin and couldn't take the highs and lows - I felt bipolar on it - I'd go from these extreme highs, and then absolutely crash.  I recently switched to Vyvanse, first 50mg for 3 weeks, and then this week I bumped to 70.  The 50MG was fantastic, I absolutely loved it - I couldn't feel it come on, and I couldn't feel it leave, but I felt like I needed just a little bit more.  The 70 seems a bit too strong right now though, I've turned into an absolute zombie the last two days.  What I've noticed however is that my creativity and motivation has seemingly plummeted in the last couple weeks.  I have three major projects to finish right now - they're simple, I enjoy working on them, and they'll be pretty decent when they're done.... but I can't even start the process.  I'm a zombie... i sit here and hyperfocus on anything other than work, and the mere thought of trying to think creatively terrifies me.    Could the meds be causing this?  I can only think of one other time i've felt this way, and that was when I was going through a divorce last year and couldn't concentrate on anything....  That leads me to my next variable... within two months of my divorce (10 year marriage), I found myself in a new relationship... I realized it could be a rebound at the time, but damn it felt good, and boy did it get serious FAST... a year later and the relationship is ending and she's moving out in a couple weeks....I've spent the past 3 months trying to salvage the relationship and take care of her emotional needs as well, and it just didn't work... her husband died in a car crash before we started dating, so we were an emotional trainwreck just waiting to happen.  I guess my question is.... what's causing this complete loss of motivation and fear of creativity?  Could it be the medicine?  The depression from basically going through 2 divorces and an insane amount of stress in the past year?  a combination?  I don't want to stop the meds, I think they really do help in a lot of areas - but my livelihood kinda depends on me being spontaneous and creative...  TL:DR  - Feel like I lost my creativity; is it the Vyvanse, depression, or a combination?  EDIT:  Thanks for all the replies guys.  After reading through them, I'm really starting to think it's the depression/anxiety that's causing all of this.  I've noticed that when I absolutely HAVE to get work done, I'm on fire - it's when I have the option of *not* doing work that I can't get motivated.  Instead of editing a project that I need to finish, I just hyperfocus on something else for 8 hours at work.  But, when I actually am forced to work because of deadlines, etc - I've been able to do some of my best work.    Hopefully I can get my depression/anxiety in check and hit the ground running again.  Thanks so much for the replies.
