9a1fd1dfa05241d0b368c1c5ca7e5232d28a4a45c64ce914d56f71d6ea135973;;;My life is slowly falling apart. Behind on rent, grades slipping, hitting myself, addicted to weed, no meds...;;;I don't even know where to begin describing how much I hate my life right now. The title pretty much hits all the main points.   I was a raging alcoholic but 3 years ago finally got sober and lived in a recovery home for a while. My dad passed away and left me some money so I was able to get a car, get my driving permit (I had a DUI a while back), move into my own place, and get back into school to pursue computer science which has always been my passion.   I started smoking weed and not taking care of my mental health almost immediately. I developed this really weird relationship with weed where I let the whole day slip away so I get pissed and flush it down the toilet, resolve to quit, then just get more the next day. I've probably spent $200 like this in the last month. Weed ravages my attention span, but when I *don't* smoke I can't pay attention anyway so I hate just sitting around not high feeling like I'm stuck in mental limbo. At least when I'm high I feel like I'm enjoying myself. That is, until the end of the day when I realize I didn't do a single thing I should have and I'm cursing myself and smacking myself and telling myself what a lazy piece of shit I am...  I need help and I need to start tomorrow. Like, no more fucking around. I'm behind on my rent because I lived off my inheritance all last year, smoked weed and barely got by in school, and never bothered to go to my 2nd hearing for my license so it expired. I was financially ridiculous and made horribly self-destructive decisions. I could theoretically make plenty of money from home if I stepped my programming game up but presently trying to focus on projects is so, so incredibly frustrating. In the end I just spend the whole day arguing on the internet, smoking weed, playing video games and jerking of. I hate it, I really do, I'm so desperate to get out of this rut.  I have an exam tomorrow I haven't studied for, a speech Tuesday I haven't started, and if my student loans for summer semester don't come through tomorrow then my landlord's probably going to start the eviction process. I know I need to make an appointment at the health department but I'm worried they won't do anything effective since I have the history of alcoholism and drug abuse. I don't abuse stimulants when I'm not drinking, in fact I have a friend that gives me Adderall here and there when we work together and I never take more than 10mg because I hate the way being too geeked makes me feel.  I just needed to get that off my chest but once again I should have been doing homework, I just sat down to do it and realized I forgot to eat and couldn't focus and started crying and wanting to hit myself again. I feel like a total weirdo and I feel so depressed about the way shit is going. I don't know how I'm supposed to take an exam tomorrow with no preparation and worrying about getting evicted. The shittiest thing is I'm an A+ student when I'm on my game I'm just really fucking not taking care of myself right now
