9a44655b67c52fb552ca12033d514608367979725b1aa5524fa0d118587ba0ac;;;31 yo Male needs Career Advice and first time really talking about my ADHD.;;;Greetings /r/ADHD. This is one of my first real attempts to talk about my ADHD with anyone outside of Health Care providers and my wife, so I'm not quite sure what direction this will take.  A little over a year ago my wife asked me if I had ever talked to anyone about my ADHD. I was puzzled. What was she talking about? I asked her what she meant and she told me she thought it was best to talk to my PCP about it. I asked a few other people and took a few of the self-diagnostics online. Everyone I asked and the tests pointed to me needing to speak with my doc.   I was quite perplexed. How had I gone 30 years without a diagnosis? In an age where everyone was getting diagnosed and medicated for ADHD, how could I have "slipped through the cracks." I remember as a child, realizing I thought differently compared to my peers. I was able to multitask my thinking process allowing me to process multiple ideas at once. "How cool!" I thought.  I had always had good grades and I was identified as gifted at an early age. I went to a decently prestigious university (those darn student loans!) and did have a problem going to class and doing required readings. But I graduated without a hitch with a useless degree in world religions.  During college, I took a side job training dogs at a national retailer. It was something I was relatively interested in so I was really able to hyper-focus on learning a new trade. Well right about the time I graduated was when the job market started to plummet. So I stayed on with the pet store as a retail manager for about a year. I was then approached by a local animal shelter to join their team as a behavior consultant and adoptions manager. I was at that job for about a 2 years before taking a job at a large animal sanctuary as a dog trainer. I was at the job for about a year before I left for various reasons, but primarily to be closer to new wife's family as we had just found out that she (we?) was pregnant. I did some work as a private contractor for a service dog training organization for about 9 months. I loved the job but required too much travel, for my wife and I having a newborn. So I found a job at a well-known animal shelter as their assistant shelter manager. I did that job for about a year and a half before taking my current role in the organization where I am the manager and lead trainer of pet training facility.  Throughout each of these jobs, I excelled in the areas that required me working with animals and training, but failed horribly in the parts that were medial and mundane: answering emails, reports, training logs, etc.   With my current position, it requires a lot of multitasking, interruptions, and mundane tasks. I am still excelling at the dog training part, but I've lost my passion for it. I am closely related to the humane sheltering world still, which causes a lot of personal anxiety. I am the only behavior consultant in my area, so I tend to be the last hope for dogs. This puts a lot of pressure on me, especially when I have to make a recommendation for euthanasia. I'm bombarded by various organizations for help with various animals that are in desperate need of help. So I always take my work home with me. Add to that the stress of basically running my own business. I haven't talked to my boss about this yet either.  About a year ago I went to see a clinical psychologist who diagnosed me with ADHD. My PCP has put me on 30 mg of Adderall XR. I take it only during my work days, but I still feel the anxiety on the weekends. It definitely helps me stay on task.   Quite frankly, I feel pretty depressed most days and anxious a lot too. I'm really considering changing careers to something with a little less stress and something I don't have to bring home with me. Maybe a job that is 9-5 or something that has a small amount of traveling. I'm just not sure where to start. I started college as a computer engineer before changing my major my second semester, but I have been out of the programming, networking, IT realm for a while.  I'm not sure what I am expecting from you all, but any advice really helps. Thanks in advance for any and all help. I'm shooting a video today to help surrounding shelters implement some basic assessments and enrichment tools, so I maybe get a little behind on my replies.  TL;DR I feel like I'm drowning with my ADHD, my job is suffering, and I need some career advice.  Edit: Grammar and punctuation. I'm sure there is more but now I'm running late.
