9ab096492b6266563de4a4137fafa186285b69d47e41543acde01431389d6429;;;I thought everyone's head were like mine.;;;Hello everyone.   (English is my second language, so if I have some bad grammar, bear with me, please)  I went to Doctor's office this Monday and possibly diagnosed with ADHD. I did not know about ADHD until this year (yes, this year). I am from South Korea when I was 16/17 in 2003/2004.  When I was young, I could not wait to speak when everyone was talking.  During the class, my mind of thinking about something else, like why is that clock tickling so loud? Why is that pencil sharpening sound so annoying? Like that. This was in middle school.  I tried everything -- piano, violin, ice staking, taekwondo, but mostly last less than a year.  In high school years, I had hard time organizing.  My room was mostly messy with host family, and I felt bad about it.  My planner was filled with everything such as homework, reading, sleep time, break time. When I compare with other students, they were just simple!  I loved books when I was young according to my parents.  However, since middle school, I had hard time finishing the book, even one chapter.  I finished about less than twenty books in my life time so far.  When we go to family gathering at a restaurant and I am done eating, I usually just get up and walk around.  I shake my legs, and my parents want me to stop shaking legs, but I can't help it.  When my girlfriend (first) dumped me earlier this year, I could not stop crying for about two weeks and had no appetite. One time, I fell down, thankfully I was with my friend. I could not control my emotion either.  I also have hard time concentrating more than ten minutes, and I thought everyone was like that.  When I see other students focus good, I thought I must be lazy, even though I try my best.  I also get distracted while I am writing this.  I prescribed with Adderall 5mg per day for 30 days.  I will get CT scan soon to get more diagnose.  The surprising part is that I got decent grades and failed only three class (including high school (it was AP)).  That holds me back if I am just lazy and easily get distracted.  I am trying my best, and I thought everyone's head same as mine.  TL;DR - I thought everyone was head was just like mine when I have so much going on in my head.  I am glad I found this forum. -MS
