9c358c0c2cc9a68f702932af7b76bac19637f1a0dc88561ba3e600f3703a128b;;;DAE have a hard time making their SO happy? I need some serious help -- maybe this is my ADHD, maybe I'm just a shitty boyfriend.;;;I seem to always forget about my girlfriend. Last night we went to see Bassnectar. We had shitty tickets but a friend got us on the floor and we were so excited. I haven't seen her that excited in months. It was going to be awesome. I had kind of walked off in front of her a bit a few other times in the night and she kept asking me not to.   When he came on, the bass was so loud that it hurt our ears. We learned they had free ear plugs so we went and got some. Absentmindedly, I ran back into the crowd, thinking she was right behind me. Turns out she wanted to stop and put them in before going back into the room. She ran up to me and yelled at me for running away, and then started walking away from where we were. I followed her to figure out what was wrong.  For some reason, it never occurred to me to ask her if she was ready to go back in. It never occurred to me that she has crowd anxiety and doesn't like being left alone. We went to a festival last year and we had agreed that she would walk in front at shows because it made her a lot more comfortable that I was right behind her. This totally slipped my mind.  It ruined the night. She's still very upset that I always seem to forget about her or not ask how she's doing, etc. in most situations. It's not that I don't care. I care very, very much and I love her more than I ever thought possible. We have recently moved in together, but it seems like the only times we are really good is when we're alone at home. Whenever we go out, I always seem to piss her off in some way. When we're home alone, we are absolutely fantastic.  I want to be a better boyfriend so badly. She deserves it, I'm just becoming increasingly afraid that I can't provide it for her. I don't know why, but i just seem to always forget about her. How can I make this up to her? How can I force myself to learn to be more considerate of her and her needs. I've recently been prescribed 20mg XR Adderall, but I think the dose might need to be increased. It helps a little bit, but not enough. I am willing to do anything for this girl, I just SUCK at being a boyfriend.
