9d56e13e8235dbdbe3a4434f1ed180843e4604d84845faa9563e3627ffce4a77;;;Social Anxiety: Growing up with ADHD;;;I am writing this because I just need some place to unload what's on my mind and I hear reddit is a good place for that.  It can be frustrating for a parent, teacher, and peer to have to work with someone like myself who was diagnosed with ADHD. Some control over the child is necessary in early stages of life so that the child gets proper supervision and guidance. Anyone who has ADHD is naturally resistant to most forms of control and it's not because we are rebellious or bad, but simply because we don't always listen and the cause for this is not in our direct control. The natural response anyone gives when they are frustrated is a need to acquire control; to do that someone may resort to any measures they deem necessary such as shouting or hitting. When someone gets frustrated they exert their natural need for control on any possible source of that frustration such as children, especially the ones with ADHD.  A source that frequents the feeling of frustration will cause anyone to want to avoid that source and/or show frequent signs of irritation. It's not wrong to feel that way and it's not insensitive, it's how everyone feels when they're mad but can't do anything about it. People avoided me and acted irritated around me because I am a source for their frustration despite myself not really knowing why. This frequent treatment and isolation created a false idea that something is inherently wrong with me.   "Perhaps I'm stupid?" "Perhaps I'm ugly?" "Perhaps I'm just a bad kid?"  These thoughts frequently crossed my mind on a daily basis and eventually this manifested itself as a form of social anxiety. I had no real idea what was wrong with me so I looked to what other people had to say about me and took it as truth.  What I didn't understand then (but I fully understand now) was that everyone has their own insecurities and problems. A popular way for people to deal with their insecurities (children and teenagers especially) is to transfer those insecurities onto someone else.   "Perhaps I'm not tough enough?" The typical solution many of us subconsciously make is to make ourselves seem tougher by bullying someone.  "Perhaps I'm not pretty enough?" The typical solution many of us subconsciously make is to make ourselves seem prettier by making someone else feel ugly.  "Perhaps I'm not smart enough?" The typical solution many of us subconsciously make is to make ourselves seem smarter by making someone else feel stupid.  You get the idea right? It's a coping mechanism called "transference". My developing social anxiety made me vulnerable and this made me an easy target. I was a transference sponge - soaking up everyone's insecurities, believing every word of it. Their insecurities became my insecurities. My self-confidence plummeted and my self-loathing skyrocketed.   So now I'm almost 22 and I've never had a girlfriend, never loved, and never learned to be myself because I've always thought something was wrong with me. I have trouble sleeping because my mind is always racing with anxious thoughts and I've developed an eating disorder to cope with the loneliness of isolation -&gt; which made me fat -&gt; which worsened my loneliness.  What I know now that I wish I knew back then was that the only thing that was actually wrong with me to begin with was believing that something was wrong with me. That paradox is the sum of my childhood.
