9de8f94693a44196983be183d655f8fcb7a9e4960874317d338db648aca0c4aa;;;Went to the Doctor today for something else - walked away diagnosed with Adult ADD, first day on Vyvanse. Don't know hardly anything about ADHD - Also in the same day, son's teacher wants us to talk to the doctor about his ADHD.;;;I am morbidly Obese - I weigh (as of today) 271lbs and have lost a total of 34lbs this year. I am doing it under the supervision of my doctor and this is why I was at his office today, weight check, blood pressure check etc etc.   While just shooting the breeze with him (I live in a small town and even a "brief" visit to my doctor is about an hour long - he explains everything in-depth and just talks to me about overall health and life, today he even showed me how to take my own blood pressure with a cuff!) I started talking with him about how I'm so close to finishing my master's degree and that for the first time in my life I was really struggling.   Doc started asking me a bunch of questions about concentration and various other things - you know the drill probably, I didn't. He was screening me for ADD and I didn't even know it! He told me that not only did I have ADD but I had a pretty "bad" kind - I can't remember what it was though. He didn't use the word "bad" but you know what I mean - I hope.   I have a hard time concentrating on one thing at any one time - this has been since childhood. I vaguely remember being "diagnosed" by my doctor but my dad told the doc that I didn't need to depend on a pill for the rest of my life - he'd teach me discipline and self-control.   My wife regularly has to repeat things 3 and sometimes even 4 times for me to get it all processed. Sometimes while she is talking to me, if I have something in my hands my attention just goes automatically to that! I have to physically put phones in my pocket, sit on a book, or close the laptop for even short amounts of time when someone is talking to me.   Even though I try to "muscle through" things like writing long papers (grad school sucks), taking tests etc. it is a HUGE effort for me to do so. I regularly change whatever I'm working on sometimes even as often as several times a minute - I thought I was just good at multitasking - but it was so hard to complete things!   It all came to a head last semester when I had 3 grad classes that I got A's in but couldn't complete the classes because I couldn't concentrate enough to do my final papers in all 3 classes, aced the finals and all.   Sorry for the rambling, its a lot to take in today - there are many other things but this is just a sample.    Doc gave me Vyvanse, I could tell a difference within an hour. I had a conversation with my wife where I didn't fidget with anything, kept eye contact with her the whole time and actively listened and participated in the conversation - I almost cried.   After picking up my son from school today, my wife told me that my son's teacher who has been working with some problems with him all year long suggested that we talk to his doctor about ADHD for him, too.    WHAT A CRAZY DAY OF ADHD! I woke up this morning without a clue what it really was, and now I am diagnosed and my son *may* be too.   A little overwhelming.
