9fcf071af7c83f1f431180d8c69508b107ac07065a7bb83a3781016b08785ce0;;;I can't live like this anymore;;;I'm a 21 year old male living in the UK, and my life so far is a monumental disappointment. I was diagnosed with ADHD at age 13 after being "forced" to see a child psychiatrist by my mother, i was so angry with this, I barely finished the session and was grumpy throughout. At the time, i wasn't very self aware, I didn't see anything wrong with my behaviour so I refused to go back to the therapist or take medication of any kind, I took it as an insult. Whenever my mother would speak to my school teachers and they'd talk about my behaviour and their concerns with me present, I felt like I was being cheated and lied about which would result in me storming off in anger every single time without fail.   In the last few years, i've become consciously aware of myself and my actions, I understand a lot more about responsibilities and accountability and I am well behaved. I was a nightmare in my childhood, as well as having ADHD, I have ODD (oppositional defiance disorder) which is common for people with ADHD. This made things a lot more difficult for me in the long run with regards to school and run-ins with the police (from age 11 onwards). I was extremely hyper active and "trouble seeking", hitting classmates was a normal thing for me (to this day I cannot understand the logic behind this) which tapered off during my high school years. I was constantly reminded that I had all of this potential that I intentionally wasn't putting to use. I would argue with teachers about their punishments for my behaviour every time I got into trouble, which would result in harsher punishments. I refused to follow the rules mostly because I despised the rule makers and didn't see the point in their rules or the importance of school work. To this day, people of authority are more rage inducing than anything to me.   As an adult, i've failed in college multiple times, I did well in my GCSE's only because you could get away with knowing very little in high school and still pass with good grades. I didn't pay attention in class nor did I do any work at home, but in the rare instance that I did do my work in class, I absorbed information quickly and this was enough to get by. The moment I began classes in college, I knew I was doomed, school had always been a burden for me but this was different, there was so much planning required for large projects and research to be done for weekly assignments, nobody to monitor you like they did in high school, I felt completely alone. It was extremely overwhelming and I hated every moment of it. As you can probably guess, the only way I completed my assignments was handing them in last minute because when the pressure is on, my mind starts working all of a sudden and realises the importance of the situation. This continued until the end of the academic year. I got my test results, and much to my dismay, I failed every class.   The following year I went to a different college and took a completely different course, it was business oriented, which seemed to fit me a little better. I was still struggling to get my work done (or attend the college daily for that matter) and was only capable of doing my assignments under pressure. This method worked for me until the end of the academic year whereby the workload became too much to handle, this time was different, my mind was in overdrive, more so than usual, I cracked, I just left college and never returned. That was a little over three years ago. I've since enrolled in other courses and quit within the month because of how helpless and depressed it made me feel, so much anxiety and hopelessness, any time I tried to start an assignment, suicide was my immediate thought, it just seemed easier. During that period, I elected to see a psychologist who specialised in CBT (cognitive behavioural therapy) for a few months, aside from learning some relaxation techniques, I feel like no progress had been made, my mind just runs on a motor and I can't stop to think about why I think the way I do, as destructive as it is, I can't help but be pessimistic and have a completely negative outlook on the world.   As you can imagine, I feel completely demoralised and dejected and lack any purpose whatsoever. I went from being an extremely confident person (somewhat cocky as well) to a person who constantly doubts himself and isn't sure of himself, I have very low self esteem which has stopped me from pursuing relationships with the opposite gender despite being in shape and receiving quite some attention back in college, it doesn't help me feel any better. The only time I feel somewhat happy is when i'm with friends, most of whom have left the city to work/study abroad and the ones that remain either work full time or are actively looking for jobs or working on their masters degree, so i don't see my friends very often. I live with my parents and i'm not very productive. Depression and anxiety have taken over my life to an incessant degree which has resulted in derealisation (which is quite terrifying in and of itself). Awful sleep quality for the last few years has only made things worse (probably due to anxiety &amp; depression) and the cycle continues . Nothing motivates me, the one good thing I have going for me is making a habit out of going to the gym, I have a decent amount of prior experience which made it an easier habit to form, too bad it doesn't improve my sleep and I feel awful waking up each day. Sorry for rambling, I had to get this out, i've written long posts in the past and decided they weren't worth anyone's time, this one may not be any different. I don't know what to do anymore, or so it seems.
