9fd8e6387db7e248d42f5eb455071bb7a304804f7222901c0a7f2889d416926b;;;I just can't put myself to work on important things.;;;I've been struggling with concentration for about 4 years now. When I graduated from high school, I tried to follow a university course about Psychology. I failed, since I just could not put myself to work. Around that same time I was put into a therapy group with other young adults  who had depression and anxiety disorders just like me. (to be more precise, I have Dysthymia (a mild chronic depression disorder), social anxiety disorder and a avoidance personality disorder).  I went to a new school about game design, where I still reside on now, and tried to make the best of it. But also there, I delivered everything at the last possible moment, even skipping some lessons. Luckily I had a school councilor there who cut me a lot of slack due to my mental disorders. But school right now still isn't going great for me. I can't concentrate and focus on my homework.   I did the therapy group for about 2 years and have now stopped.  That's a bit of my history. Now my current problem:  About a month ago, I was offered a freelance job that would earn me around 1500 euro's, which is a lot of money for a poor student like me. I need to make a couple of digital video's for a company in order to earn that money.  But, the problem is, is that I just cannot put myself to work on this. This is not something that is new to me. I have struggled to work on important things like school or other things that would earn me lot's of money. I put them off till the last possible moment, and deliver a thus mediocre job.  This is really frustrating. I know exactly what I have to do, but I get distracted very easily (by the Internet mostly).   For example, I would start up my video editing program, would start up Youtube so I can start a playlist with my favorite music aaaaaaaaaand my attention is gone from my project. I now browse Youtube for about 30 minutes, which brings me to new stimuli that I get distracted by and before I know it it's 3 hours later.  Another aspect is a very sickening feeling when I try to go against this feeling and try to work on the project. But it makes my stomach twist. I suddenly really really really don't want to work on the project. This is strange, since when I now think about the project, I love video editing, I love to create something from scratch.   So for about a month now, I have tried and tried and tried to work on this project. But I haven't gone past some words written on paper about how the video needs to look like. This video is due next week, and it's far from finished. I basically haven't even started yet.  This week I went to my doctor, explained to him my lack of concentration for the past 4 years. He told me I might have ADD. So I am going back there next week to test for ADD. He said that if I have ADD, I would probably get Ritalin, to help me concentrate.  I really really hope I have ADD, it would explain a lot. I can't live like this any longer. I hate my lack of concentration. I am pretty smart and I want to show it to the world, but right now I just can't. I tried ritalin once, and it made me able to concentrate for 5 hours. I felt euphoric, like I could finally make all the homework I want! I was so happy. But at that time when I tried the ritalin, I still was in therapy, and my group psychologist said to me that I probably don't have ADD, that I should stop taking Ritalin. So I stopped. But I've always felt that something was wrong with me and I feel very strongly that the psychologist was wrong about me too. I think she mis-diagnosed my ADD. I think I have it. I did a few test on the internet that all said I have ADD. Guess I will find out if I have it or not next week at the doctor's office.  ---  Does anyone recognise themselves in the small story I wrote above? I would love to hear your perspectives.  TLDR: Have a big project coming up, want to concentrate, but I just can't. Doctor things I might have ADD, but my previous psychologist doesn't think I have ADD. This make me confused. I want to know what's wrong with me and I hope I have ADD so that I can focus my energy upon trying to learn live with that, via Ritalin and what else.
