a026086cce99606b84a73fe0c8eed43ac001f09562483a21a09357736ee7ac5b;;;Referred to specialist, don't know how to approach the appointment.;;;So, in just under 2 weeks I have an appointment with a specialist, I've seems two doctors so far, one of which just sort of gave me what I wanted(a referral to a psychiatrist, the other seemed to be in agreement that I might have ADHD, however, I have a list as long as my arm of symptoms that may be considered to be symptomatic of ADHD(see below), and I kind of feel like if I list all of these symptoms then it will feel like I'm regurgitating a Google search for ADHD. Apart from that(this is my biggest issue) I have come from a family where the idea of mental illness is shunned/ignored/ridiculed, so I have always just got on with life, thinking that these 'symptoms' are just poor character traits, so I've learnt to just cope with stuff and get on with life, so I have a great amount of work experience for my age(7+ years at age 24), I make a good wage and I have a lot of 'friends' I'm lucky enough to be enthusiastic about a lot of stuff, generally cheerful and outgoing, so on the surface, I feel like, I look like a high-functioning human being, my concern is, I don't want this to affect my diagnosis, I may look whole on the outside, but there's a bunch of duct tape, rope and band aids holding everything together precariously.   Did this sort of thing worry any of you when being diagnosed? Did you tell the doctor/psych everything that was swirling around your head? Did you plan what you were and weren't going to tell them in advance? I feel like they might see me as someone just trying to get a Ritalin prescription, which is true, but it's not because I want to abuse/sell it, I just want to feel like a normal person feels, so I can get on with my life academically(3 years learning to program, still not at Junior programmer level).  I just feel so anxious, it doesn't help that I've pushed through the last 6 weeks of work because of how busy we are and not wanting to let my department down, instead of taking the time off as my doctor advised.  Tiredness Forgetfulness Impatience Anger management issues Stress &amp; Anxiety Constant feeling of underachievement Loudness(I speak so loud that when I try to whisper, people in other rooms can hear me.) Interrupting other people Stubborn I talk too much, in too many words, I never feel like the other person has fully understood me. Terrible lack of concentration I jump from hobby to hobby I figit, I shake my leg sometimes, but mostly, I bite nails, the skin around my nails, I tap and chew pens, I pick scabs. I avoid complex tasks for fear(and expectation) of failure. Poor hand writing Trouble reading(read a total of about 3 books in my life, all of which I huperfocused on due to the story) Terrible academic record, underachieved through to the legal age to drop out and dropped out of school. I demand constant instant gratification, I cannot abide waiting for things.(my partner can't tell me she has received gifts for me before the relevant date(bday/xmas) as it drives me crazy knowing its being withheld until X date for practically no reason) Poor money management. I don't take concequences into account before taking action. I solve problems with short term solutions constantly, without ever fixing the problem outright.  In addition complex/technical music is cathartic for me, which isn't a symptom, just a relevant trait.  TL;DR: appointment for diagnosis soon, how should I approach telling the doctor about myself/my issues?  Sorry for the wall of text. &lt;3 Smiles.
