a0d1e6c40a07ec32da7ec5406c3699902b1cd029f02b97630769961dd86040e2;;;Been Prescribed Dexedrine – Starting Meds for First Time (NERVOUS!);;;I saw a psychiatrist for the first time yesterday, and I was prescribed short-acting Dexedrine (dexamphetamine). He told me he is starting me at 5 mg which is a dose he typically never prescribes cause “I'm so petite” (I'm 24 / F).   He came up with a medication schedule for me which starts with a half a tablet today, and another half tablet tomorrow morning, and another at noon. On Sunday, I'm taking half a tablet, 3 times a day. On Monday, I'm taking a full tablet in the morning, half at noon and evening, and so on.  I find it ironic this psychiatrist is a fast talker which is a bit hard for someone with ADHD to keep up with--but he handed me a pamphlet for Vyvanse which confused me. Is Dexedrine and Vyvanse the same medication then? (From my internet search, they're different meds).  He did mention if Dexedrine works for me, he will switch to long-acting, BUT this medication will only help with focus and attention regulation – But not issues with executive function which includes procrastination, motivation, decision making etc. He said he will add something later on to the regime in the next few weeks. I thought this was interesting, however he didn't mention which medication he's thinking of.   Today I took half of a 5 mg tablet about 2 hrs and a half ago. I don't feel anything, and I'm not really surprised since it's such a low dose (2.5 mg from half the tablet).  Since it has been awhile since my last meal, I felt a bit light headed so I'm eating a full meal now. I may be a petite girl, but I LIKE food and NEED to eat 3 meals a day. I don't want this to be my last meal before side effects kick in and I never want to eat...  My main concerns regarding side effects with stimulants are: loss of appetite, weight loss, heart racing, increased anxiety, any sort of mental/mood disturbances and change, and changes in libido and sexual side effects.  Are these side effects unavoidable? Is it inevitable I will experience them, or will it vary from person to person?  I find it interesting that it says to NOT take this medication if you have anxiety, tension. etc Should I expect my anxiety to worsen as I take more of this medication over time? This psychiatrist knows I have been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder – but he is prescribing me to it anyway, and I want to trust his professional judgment (but I haven't been having great experiences with doctors lately).  I don't know, I'm just very nervous about taking medication. I put off antidepressants from my family doctor pushing them on me for the past year.  Anyone have any experience with Dexedrine and how it worked for them?
