a1e36099b706ad62d9d8252b36df956c0a43c157940e83a02c5096fd876a909f;;;I need help regarding depression and lack of "willpower";;;At the moment i'm 22 yr old male, student, under the summer i had no job, no income, tho i live with my parents.  I had some bills comming in but i had no money, and i wont ask my parents to lend me anything since i already owe them so much,(they can kick me out if they want but they dont) Now the bills are piling up and going to the enforcement officer...  I have no money, wich leaves me in debt, wich gets me depressed, when im depressed i hide, its not the first time i do shit like this, but i hate asking for help, my whole summer i havent had any money, it was my birthday recently so i hoped for a little money, but i guess people forgot, i dont blame them since i never have any money to buy people presents anyway.  So now my ID also expired so its not valid anymore, i dont have the cash to get a new one, so i cant get my medication, which i still cant get since i dont have any money, my psych wants me to meet with him, but i cant because i cant afford it. And i cant see shit because i cant afford glasses.  I have worked illegally at a place but havent recieved payment,(got fucked in the ass).  I dont know what to do... I have alot of years of studying(physics) ahead of me and i cant take loans now, its too early.  And i dont have the energy to study and hold down a job at the same time,  I got 1 pill left of ritalin 30 mg (my dosage is 2 a day)  I need to do something big, but i dont know what nor how.  ----------------------------------------------------------------  My parents are really helping but I wont ask them to lend me money, I have fucked up so much moneywise that i rather sell a kidney then ask them for help.  I also own nothing that is of any value, fuck im rambling...  Last summer i was in the same situation, i ended up at the E.R. after not sleeping for 5 days because of panic attacks, took me half a year to pay those bills.  Please shower me with knowledge and wisdom!
