a311f6897443730308f21e882b33e97c3bf2b903ee6ee65bf8c6992df0dfebff;;;I just got arrested...;;;| I posted this in [r/Adderall](http://reddit.com/r/adderall/) too.  Hey everyone!This morning, i was getting out of my car in the school parking when two cops asked me to stay there.. I knew I was in trouble because I had Adderall in powder form, 1Xr 25mg and a 30mg XR...The male cop started by looking at my seats, he finally asked me why there was marijuana residue on them. I answered that I'm smoking sometimes... They then processed to a huge search everywhere in my car BAM! He found the powder and the wooden box I keep all my stuff inside. I told them that I had my prescription(little paper with your name and info,inside your meds bottle) but anyways, they are bringing me to the station where the interogatoire lasted for a good 45minutes. My presc. was for Adderall XR 20mg only, but I had a 25 and a 30 that a good friend gave me last week...  The officer asked a lot of question about my friend and how it could be consider as illegal substance traffic.I told her that we both have a prescription for Adderall and she asked for his name but I didn't told her because I don't want him to have trouble with this.I was polite and using a profesionnal language when I was talking about Adderall all the time of the interogatoire. She finally told me it was over! I asked her if she could lift me back to my school and she did! :) Back at school I had to meet the direction to explain what happens because they knew I had been arrested, like everyone in the school --  *I'm posting this only for prevention because I don't want any of you to get in trouble because of a similar situation. I was lucky that the prescription was in my car(I had the idea to keep one in my car YESTERDAY!!) because it is illegal and ,where I live(Quebec, Canada), is on the same level as Cocaine.  So,please everyone ALWAY HAVE A PROOF THAT IT IS A PRESCRIPTION WITH YOU(in your pocket...)WHEN YOU HAVE ADDERALL ON YOU!... but it is only an advice!  TL/DR: Got arrested with Addy powder and some pills in the parking of my school when getting out of my car. Thet took me to the Police Station, where I was freak! I had a prescription for it but some were given by a good friend. They finally released me and I ahd to explain everything to everybody at school! I'm also giving a good advice up there that could save a lot of problem.
