a3c79386bbf4e4560808b84c1de1d7bf088b8feaf419b9ec1a6d8732702db373;;;Finally found something that works for me. I highly recommend buying an expensive pen and an expensive notebook.;;;Work sucked.  I was failing at every turn.  I had started strong a year or two ago and the sophomore slump was killing me.  My boss was up my ass *literally* every single day.  I was thinking about quitting.  I thought to myself "What was I doing differently before?"  The only thing I could think of was that I used to have a nice pen that I liked and a single notebook that I carried EVERYWHERE.  I thought, what the hell, I've exhausted every other possibility, lets give this one a shot.  So I went out on my lunch break and laid down some scratch on a fountain pen (It's a shitty fountain pen, but it was still like $30.  For a pen.) and a Moleskine notebook.  After lunch I unpackaged everything and put the ink in the pen.  Nice, smooth, liquid lines flowed onto paper.  (If you've never written with a fountain pen, I highly recommend it.  You know that satisfaction you get when you use a nice gel roller like a Pilot G2?  Yea.  Its that times a thousand.)   In the 2-3 weeks since I've been complimented, told I'm turning over a new leaf, and had my "Noticable change in communication style" commented on.  Its unreal.  And it all boils down to one thing.   I actually want to write things down now, and I have one central place to write them.  Thats it.  No more sticky notes all over my desk.  No more grabbing a random piece of printer paper to scratch out a quick diagram, no more stacks of notepads that are half used that I need to dig through when I need to get a reminder I wrote.  It's all in that one black leatherbound notebook.  And it's all in order, with dated pages.  In the morning I date a page, and write "Todays Goals."  Then I spend 5 minutes writing things that I need to do (and enjoying it, because writing is fun with nice pens.)  Then that notebook stays on my desk, open to that page, throughout the day.  If I glance in that direction, I'm presented with my list of things to do for the day, and think "Oh hell, that one would be easy to knock out right now lets do that."  I can use my distractability to my advantage because now Im getting distracted by work.    On top of that, it's always there to jot down notes. If someone comes in to talk about something, I take small notes here and there (a key word or two is usually enough to jog your memory later, you dont want them to think youre interviewing them.)  If I go to a meeting, I take it with me.  If I get a call, I jot it down.  If someone asks me about that thing we discussed yesterday, I flip to yesterdays set of pages and have an aide in recalling the conversation.  Something happened on a big project?  That shit gets its own page.    And it all boils down to one thing.  I'm using a pen and pad that's literally a pleasure to write with.  I enjoy it.  I thrive on the looks I get when people notice that I'm using a fountain pen.  It's so satisfying watching the liquid ink slide off the nib and lay up on the page, glossy and wet and black, and then slowly sink into the paper as I continue the sentence.  Its not a chore to make a list or a note anymore, it's enjoyable.   So yea thats my two cents.  Take $50 and blow it on a pen and a pad.  Do research before you buy.  Get excited about it.  There are articles online about the best notebooks.  Heres a good one on size.  http://www.recordingthoughts.com/2012/03/23/what-size-is-the-right-size-for-a-notebook/   You dont want something cumbersome but it still needs to be big enough to write on.  Mines ~5" x 8".  Fits nicely in your hand, and is big enough to hold substantial information on a single page.   Anyway, thats enough of me prattling on about notebooks.  Go do some research.  TL;DR:  Go spend a stupid amount of money on a pen and a notebook.  Youll keep track of them because theyre valuable, you'll use them because they're fun, and those two things put together are way, WAY more valuable to a person with ADHD than $50 is.
