a4bcd07e5c7f3da5c086b284684fd0ce463d71ddf4622ec7deab74db1c9e6dc5;;;So I talked to somebody at work yesterday who I know has ADHD for some help before going in for treatment and things went better than expected;;;I think he already knew. I showed him my childhood diagnosis and told him I didn't bring it up when I joined the Army (14 years going strong) because I figured it was a misdiagnosis and the docs were full of shit but with all three of my kids possibly having it (2 diagnosed the other getting complaints from kindergarten on hyperactivity and requests for me to take her to a psychologist) the odds are probably slim that the docs were wrong. I explained my worries about getting in trouble for not disclosing it way back when and how I didn't bring it up because I had not taken anything for it in years and didn't think I actually had ADHD because I did well in high school without medication. In lower grades I was diagnosed because even though my grades were fine I was a huge distraction in class messing up other kids grades and constantly getting in fights. I got all the "fighting" out of me before high school. He said I shouldn't get in trouble and went over a few things that will probably come with treatment that didn't sound too bad.   His first comment was that it isn't something that "Just goes away" his second was that my doc shouldn't have said they can't diagnose without childhood paperwork and he was diagnosed at another post as an adult. He also pointed out another coworker who has it but doesn't get treatment (not sure if he was assuming or if they have actually talked about it). The other guy is the one people refer to as "My brother" and I also call my brother openly because we are both pretty loud, move around a lot and talk too much. I kind of figured that guy has it too without anyone telling me.     Over my career I have been treated by the Army for depression and anxiety. I didn't have depression before the Army or the first few years in but I unknowingly had anxiety most my life. I found out about it while on medication for depression. That was the first time I didn't feel as anxious and before that I thought everyone's mind moved 1,000 miles an hour and everyone felt like they were sitting on the edge of their seat all the time. I didn't know that was not normal and had never really had  relaxed ever before then. It was weird but nice.   Anyways I had wanted to have the conversation but couldn't find the time. I'm glad I did though and feel a little bit better about it but slightly foolish that he probably already recognized the symptoms and knew without me needing to say anything. He is one of the better held together and more responsible people I work with. We aren't exactly close though and for a while I was worried if I talked to him he would run off and "alert the authorities" or assume I'm some type of hypochondriac because he already knows the Army has diagnosed me with anxiety, depression and OCD (from high levels of anxiety). We talked a little bit about how he uses the gym to burn off his extra energy (he goes like 3 to 4 times a day which I was already aware of).
a4bcd07e5c7f3da5c086b284684fd0ce463d71ddf4622ec7deab74db1c9e6dc5;;;So I decided to write out a list of all of my hobbies over a few years...;;;TLDR: I think I have too many uncompleted "hobbies" the list is a little embarrassing.  My boyfriend said to me earlier this year "I'm kind of curious what your next obsession will be..." I was a little irritated and we argued a little bit over how many "hobbies" I've wasted money on. One result was me going into a baking frenzy because he said I wasted money on a bread machine I never use. Of course "I do too use it!" and I had to prove him wrong. This resulted also in a binge eating problem (regained about 20lbs) because I had to eat all of my creations too...   Anyways I started a list on a notebook on my phone today out of curiosity (which I might or might not share with my therapist when I go in but not sure if I want her to think I'm completely crazy). I added some notes to my list but I'll cut most of them out for brevity it's not all inclusive but a good start:   - Tsum tsums  - Legos - Tennis - Soccer - Racketball - Running  (5k and half marathons) - Swimming - Boogie boarding  - Marvel (comics, movies, etc) - Reading (fiction and non fiction) - Adult coloring books - Pokémon go - Hiking  - Hiking the Appalachian trail  - Exercise guides /workouts  - Camping - Dice games - Video games - Game of Thrones (books, show, theories, youtube) - The Hunger Games - Theme parks - Vaping (mods, making my own juice, etc) - DBZ - Star trek - Any TV series w/ zombies - Outerspace (I want a telescope) - D&amp;D - Magic the gathering - Fidget toys (for anxiety) - Candles - Cooking (baking, bread machine, ice cream machine, cotton candy machine, waffles, chocolate fondue, chocolate molds, healthy eating, low carb, clean eating, making my own cookbooks, buying cookbooks, deep frying, cookies, getting a degree in nutrition).     I'm both disturbed and laughing about how crazy this list looks especially considering a lot of them are in the last decade or so (some have been lifelong though) and this doesn't include everything. I haven't been treated for ADHD since I was about 11 or 12. I'm bringing in my childhood diagnosis in a few weeks looking for some help. I've been getting treated for depression/anxiety and to a lesser degree occasional OCD. I'm not on any type of meds for anything right now. The doctor   didn't want to diagnose/treat ADHD without childhood proof. I'm thinking maybe ADHD is causing my anxiety and anxiety leads to OCD which then drops off into debilitating depression. I know my anxiety leads to depression.   Anyone have words of wisdom or similar hobby issues? Anyone else care to share their exhaustive list of hobbies?
