a4cc84c8cd78bffdcefeedb3fda409fb639ba4e429c29aeed53f355d4dbee0e5;;;ADHD and impulsive "workaholism", any tips?;;;I was recently officially diagnosed with ADHD-inattentive type and prescribed Adderall, although the symptoms are nothing new and now I just have a name for them, and medication and professional help to try to manage them.   I am seeking some advice from you fine folks on work-life balance and what you could consider to be impulsive workaholic-like behavior. I work as a social worker for children and families, providing case management to anywhere between 12 and 18 families at any given time (16 is typical). One of the major problems I have is that, in my line of work, it is IMPOSSIBLE, even under the best circumstances and for the most efficient time-managers, for all of your work to be completely done on a daily basis. You will always have to leave something for tomorrow, and there is a seemingly endless variety of essential job duties both in the office and in the field. Consequently, because I am forgetful about things and unsure if I will ever get to them if I left them for later, I impulsively tackle tasks the moment I notice them or think about them just to be sure they get done. This causes me to be late to client appointments, skip lunch nearly daily, to work later than I wanted to, to neglect other less urgent but more important tasks, and to feel overwhelmed by the sheer number and variety of job functions I am responsible for. Also, home and social life suffers for it because of the stress and long hours. House upkeep and my marriage suffers because I get home so late and I'm wiped out, and I sometimes skip social functions because I get caught up at the office.    I have tried putting into place several time-management schemes to help control this behavior, setting aside blocks of time to do specific essential tasks on a regular basis so they don't pile up and create crises later, writing to-do lists, etc. However, with phone calls, Outlook, an open floor-plan office, and intrusive thoughts about other stuff that needs to get done too, my attention shifts away from the tasks I had originally set out to do that really needed to get done, and onto stuff that is important but not urgent and could have been dealt with later.  Any advice on how to get this under control is most appreciated, especially what has worked for you if you find yourself in a similar situation.  **TL;DR: I get distracted from work by other work and end up working too late and too many hours without getting the really important stuff done, and it's affecting me professionally, socially, and personally. Time-management and organizational schemes tried thus far have proven no match for the distractions. Advice is appreciated.**
