a54fad958bb471abbed07dba6cf0bc045b75dc7e2549735e5bb5989c9426fa67;;;How do I stop 'freezing up' at home so often?;;;To start off, I'm not entirely sure if I have ADD or not, but I'm soon to be in the process of getting diagnosed.  Regardless, I've always had this issue since I was in middle school, up until I dropped out of high school (I never fully learned how to cope with it). I would fill my day with random things like video games (they've always been in my life; my ideal time killer), or looking up completely random but mostly useful things on my computer.  Now, I'm in the working world, and even on my days off I just find myself constantly 'freezing' in thought. I'm trying to be productive, less video games, less time wasting, but thinking is literally paralyzing me. I've tried just getting up and organizing things - doing things, but once I run into a problem, it's back to sitting and thinking. What can I do about this? I find myself thinking about thousands of things in a day, financial things, hobbies I want to pick up, brilliant ideas I don't have the resources for, dreams, how much I dread going to work, the possibilities are endless. I'm extremely open-minded, but thinking is keeping me from doing. Would medication help? I hate the thought of taking pills because I'm on a plant based/mostly natural diet, but it doesn't seem to be getting me anywhere. I can't even find the motivation to workout.  TL;DR: My nonstop thoughts are paralyzing me, and I can't shake the thoughts long enough to do anything aside from work, and wait for work. What's a good way to get out of this vicious cycle?  EDIT:  The main reason I want to fix this is because I feel like I'm disappointing everyone in my life, and mostly myself by not living up to my full potential. I have all of these awesome ideas, but I'm lacking the follow through because I'm driving myself crazy staying in my mind. AND I've noticed the biggest problem seems to be I feel stagnant at home, but lack the motivation to do anything before or after work unless it's completely necessary. Sometimes not even then.
