a55a39d5143d354e78043738a134c6e44da8bd46ef422b87c9926b8601abbaec;;;Feeling a bit depressed. Anyone ever questions their ADHD?;;;Something just unlocked my suppressed thoughts and feelings and I feel like it's time to get it out.  ADHD background: Unconfirmed. Saw psychiatrist back in college(on my last year), showed symptoms of ADHD, but unable to determine as he needed a psychologist to conduct tests in order to diagnose me. Tests were expensive, I had no insurance, didn't take test. Given adderall as a trial, was approved of refills, graduated and ran out of pills.  Here's my story: The topic of ADHD came up when I felt like I was beginning to have troubles of concentration in school and had a talk with my cousin who was diagnosed ADHD and taking medications for it. She explained to me that ADHD kind of ran through our family, through our fathers side of the family. Our fathers are brothers and they both have similar cases of short temperness and aggression, which she says is because of ADHD. Their mind can't grasp or comprehend something get irritated and therefore begin to develop a temper and turn their aggression towards others on little things. Basically she says I should check with a specialist to see if I have it too since I'm not doing well in school. After I saw my psychiatrist and was given a prescription. I really felt like "Wow. I guess I really have it, because I'm holding these pills." But reaching deeper into my feelings and thoughts I think I might have only try to justify myself getting these pills by saying I have ADHD. I remember feeling like the pharmacist at the school health center thinking "Here's another kid trying to lazy his way into boosting his scores." I feel the same thing coming from my mother and wife. Like they think that I'm lazy, unmotivated, not trying hard enough, wasting my time on certain things when I should be studying/doing homework, therefore using these pills to cheat doing something I already could but lazy to try and put effort. It really makes me feel worthless, incompetent, and all those things I think they think of me. Maybe I'm just being paranoid. Then again, my mother does ask me to try and not use the pills, just try to focus better. And my wife (girlfriend at the time), when I told her I was going to see the psychiatrist about the pills, I think she did say that I didn't need to and I just need to try harder, that I'm gonna get prescribed and try to whore out attention from my friends that I'm smart but I just have ADHD etc. (for a guy I do like bringing attention to myself, but this... if I were to bring attention to myself like that, it would just be disgustingly inhumanly low. But I don't want people to know, because I know people don't understand it and tend to think "it's not ADHD, it's laziness." and I don't want people especially my friends to think that of me.) She did say something along the lines of "You're doing ok in class, and I'm doing same as you. So if you can do better but have ADHD then what am I? Stupid?" I don't remember how I replied to that, if at all.  My realization: Once in awhile in the back of my head, I wonder and ask myself whether if I really have ADHD. Maybe my mother and wife is right, maybe I am just lazy, maybe I could try harder. I feel guilty every time I'm stuck unable to focus or concentrate and I'm thinking I need more pills. I feel like I'm a weak being. I currently don't have any more pills because I'm waiting for my insurance, and once it starts to kick in I can see a psychiatrist and get a refill. Whenever I mention this to my wife of this, I get this look and body posture from her along with a teeth sucking noise as if saying "You don't need the pills, you're just lazy and using it as an excuse." and I think "Yeah, you're right, I'm lazy."  My question: How many of you have felt like this or experienced similar events thinking everyone is judging you? How have you cope/resolved if at all?
