a59aee56a3c2955f962159d652b1a0be1f665faf3e0de811172aec99f2d5159c;;;Happiness and depression at diagnosis?;;;I'm 31 and after years of trying different medications (SSRIs), was diagnosed with ADHD today. It happened after I tried a mood stabilizer that *really* brought out my distractibility and impulsiveness, as well as impatience and not being able to sit or think for long periods of time.  I can remember being a kid and not paying attention to the teacher much. Then I'd meet reprimanded because I was supposed to be in the gifted program, but it was a struggle. I remember forgetting to do chores and my mom would accuse me of doing it on purpose. My life has been like living in a dream in my own mind, and out of touch with reality. For years I thought it was just anxiety.  The doctor prescribed Vyvanse and I'm excited to have possibly found a solution. Being able to plan out my day, and even a future now, sounds great. But I'll be honest, I've made some bad mistakes and turned people away over the years. I think my answer to the confusion in my mind was to become very avoidant because of shame. Not only avoidant, but shy with low self esteem. I've felt like I've had to prove to others I'm not stupid or purposely rude, and that in itself is a lot of work. People just know me a the quiet girl, but Im a human being, too. I can have hobbies and be loved. I can have friends and speak my mind and have a personality. It's the first time this has been a possibility.  How do I pick up the pieces of my life and make it better? I'm afraid my family and what few friends I have left have a negative view of who I am, and it's very lonely right now. My SO is supportive at least, but I've been a mess trying all this medication lately and I fear it will be awhile before he trusts my moods enough for marriage. It sucks being 31, unmarried, with the same job for 10 years and a bad reputation, even though my heart is in the right place. I'd love to meet new people and some day start a family and be a part of a community.   Anyone have experience becoming medicated and changing your life around? What are some first steps to take?
