a5afcc7974c570bc58a747de2e263d967e2bd0221714213110230ea73b3ba510;;;Mid/Late 20's unsure if I get back on meds;;;So I have always struggled focusing whether it was at school or in the work place. I am one that would start reading and my mind wanders off and 3-5 pages later, I have no idea what I just read and found myself re-reading those pages. In my college years I was diagnosed with mild ADD and mild anxiety. I was placed on Adderall XR 20 MG. The medication was amazing and I would have to say it is why I graduated college. My mind was no longer wandering off and it felt like my brain was finally working and information was being retained.  I then got off of Adderall after college due to how I was taking it. I would wake up in the morning and not eat anything, take my medication then end up not eating much throughout the day. I got to the point where I also felt I should not need a drug to be "normal".   Fast forward to present day, now at the age of 27 I have new very demanding job in corporate america and I am finding my mind wandering again and having trouble retaining all the information at the new job. It has become VERY frustrating for me and I want nothing but to succeed at my new job.   Now I have gotten to the point where I wonder if I should get back on medication. I am now living a "normal" life working an 8-4 and I eat breakfast and I feel as though before I wasn't taking the medication as directed and is why I had slight negative effects (not eating/suppressed apetite), which I know is a common side effect.  A long time friend of mine who also has ADD let me have a single 10 MG Adderall and I took it with a meal the other morning before work. I am not one to abuse drugs even though this may come off as I  might be. I was prescribed this drug before so I am familiar with it but wanted to experience it in a more "mature" state in my life and see how it affected me. This was also a step I wanted to take before actually spending the time and money to go back and seek help. Please do not judge me as I know this step may be frowned upon but I felt it was necessary in telling my story. A wrong step in testing, most would say yes, but it was a step I took.  The day went very well and I was able to stay focused and retain information. It felt like my brain was properly "working" for once and I felt good. I did experience slight loss of apetite but still ate throughout the day. I guess I am just looking for some thoughts/input to see what others may think of my situation and maybe this was a way for me to "vent" a bit.
