a638049750b37e57a9ab680c8c19cfa54f66d5375359bcc6ac28c3224ace02de;;;Help talking to my parents? (Possible ADHD) (Mainly education based);;;(I am now 16 years old)  My whole life I've never understood why I couldn't keep concentration writing for more then 15 or so words before I start thinking about something irrelevant. Or I couldn't get through 2 math questions before noticing the patterns in the carpet of the floor room and following them up and down for minutes. Or why I was always getting distracting by background noises and my own fidgeting.  In the past (prep-grade 6), they had never affected my A+ marks in Math/Sciences, as learning those topics was rather outlined and structured. But the gap to English/History based subjects was DRAMATIC (D). In fact the only reason I passed English and history was because I was a good speller, and was known for keeping a structured format.   High school came, and it got much worse. In a classroom situation, I knew the work better than most kids, but they'd always get double as much work done as me just because I couldn't get it done. Therefore, because I wasn't working on it I wasn't improving as the other kids were and my grades began to even out. D for English based, C for Math based.  Here we are, 11th grade. Beginning my final courses for high school, and I'm failing. In the classroom I'm struggling to take in everything the teacher says because I'm looking at other stuff around me, and when it's work time I work very slow because I struggle to concentrate on just that single task ahead of me. I'll often have 3-4 different projects going in class working on them all at once.   I am seeing a neurologist for Migraines, which have caused me to miss a lot of school time not helping with my concentration issue.  NO ONE has ever picked up on it besides myself, and I've only begun to open up about it in the last few weeks. I have been looking into ADHD and finding myself in similar situations as many others, but haven't been diagnosed.  I told him about my concentration issues, and he said to see the school psychologist first which is what I am doing next week.  I'm forgetting lots of small things, primarily things people tell me. Maybe because I just don't listen? Last night we were leaving home, I walked past the light and my dad told me to turn the light off, I said "no worries" locked the door, and walked to the car. Forgetting within seconds, to turn the lights off. I forget to turn power points off, to close doors behind me, etc etc  I have a question, can you guys manage to sit down and play video games? or watch a movie, TV show?  This is the one thing I LOVE to do, because it keeps my mind active and I don't get distracted.   I've been trying to tell my parents all this but they are telling me I'm overreacting blah blah blah. They say "I was like that when I was younger" half the time and the other half will be "yeah, we all have these things you just gotta push through it".... At the moment, they are questioning if I'm telling the whole truth about all this, as they are confused as to why I can concentrate and manage to play video games for hours but cannot study for 15 minutes. I tell them I really can't explain, and that makes them confused. I need help explaining why I can look at screens and concentrate on sport, but struggle to concentrate when reading, constructing paragraphs etc.  I am able to do it, it just takes me a very very long time. This text here took an hour for me to write, which is surprisingly short. I can never reach word limits on school essays and articles just because I don't have the time, because I waste time being distracted and trying to zone in.  Please give me any feedback or answer any of my questions and I will be so thankful, thanks so much for reading.
