a6f395f67442da669e6d6f25a4560c4b66a6f45da92c88871557f8fdbe4587a4;;;Been on meds for two weeks, already abused. Any advice?;;;TL;DR - new to meds, went on a binge this weekend. Any advice or cautionary tales welcome.   So, I'm 28, diagnosed with ADD three weeks ago, after struggling with depression for 7 years with no therapist having success helping me beat it more than temporary. Got a psychiatrist this year, and after 5 months of appointments, he found the root cause - thus far undiscovered ADD.   Anyway, we decide to try meds. Get a prescription for Medikinet two weeks ago for 10mg daily, automatically upped to 20mg after the first week. I mention the same week that I think it might be working, but that I get really tired around 1pm, presumably because the that's when it starts to wear off. Doc ups my prescription to 2x20mg daily, one in the morning, one at 1pm.   Then Friday happens. I'm wiped after a tough week at work, really not in the mood for much other than a catnap and watching tv. Then I remember being told the active substance in the medicine is similar to amphetamine. Wonder if it's possible to use recreationally, google, apparently you can. People snort it, but not super psyched to go full street rat mode. I just want a little energy and the potential for some good feelings, so I just pop 40mg orally. Can't be any harm in trying, right?  Now it's Sunday. I haven't slept for 56 hours. I've gone through medication for 10 days, leaving me with only enough to get 3/4 of the way till I can pick up my next prescription... and that's if I skip on the midday dose. Oh yeah, and I keep hearing very low whispering voices in both ears. Almost inaudible, so not a huge PRACTICAL issue, but still has me slightly scared.   Feel like such an idiot. I knew I lose control very easy when intoxicated - which is why I stopped smoking weed and never keep alcohol in my home. I should have known not to take even the slightest step down that road.   So now I feel like a truck ran me over. Still too wired to sleep, but I am in full comedown. Not a lot of fun.   I would really appreciate some advice here, if anyone has had similar problems. Should I cut off the meds altogether? Feel like Pandoras Box has been opened here, don't know if I trust myself. How do I talk to my psychiatrist about this, or alternatively, how do I hide it? (in case someone has a good reason for doing that) Anything I should look out for in the coming time where I won't have enough meds? Read of some pretty terrible consequences if you stop the medicine suddenly, but I figure that's more a thing for long term users.
