a74793545d71ca81a48c0e519cec1f7e37049921558d6d0daf2b6ff093f88ba9;;;I Feel Like Shit(A bit of a rant);;;I feel like shit. I feel like my life is being stolen from me. I know what I have to say is nothing new around here but I just feel like... I am nothing right now.   My 23rd birthday is coming up in a few days. I guess most guys would be happy and ready to celebrate but I just can't. I've always thrown the possibility that I could have anything wrong with me completely out the window. It's how my parents raised me. Ice skate over things and hope for the best.   With that being said, imagine my surprise when I just so happen to look into ADHD during one of my random internet binges a few days ago and find that not only do I fit the description, I'm a freaking poster boy, dictionary example of ADHD.   I never understood what it was. I never understood why I act the way I act and why it brings me pain and suffering. How I could be so intelligent yet completely bomb school, work and social life.   I haven't been diagnosed but there's just no way in hell I don't have it. Not when I've been criticized and ridiculed all of my life for being lazy, unfocused, unmotivated, under achieving, awkward, weird, forgetful and an all around waste of space. Not when I spent my childhood and early adulthood being viciously berated and emotionally abused for having what could possibly be a damn mental disability! I'm pissed!How could I possibly have any control over this!?  The best part of all this is the fact that when I was in first grade or so I had a teacher that tried to tell my mom that something was wrong with me mentally and my mom just switched me into another school. I consider myself extremely intelligent, but I can't help but wonder if that teacher was trying to tell my parents that I had ADHD and my mom just jumped the gun and flew off the handle at the accusation and never followed up on it. My mom has a short fuse, big temper and frequently jumps the gun in situations with faulty assumptions. Have I been sabotaged by my own parents? The same ones that complain about my horrible habits? All through my school career my teachers have all spoke of how intelligent I was but my focus needed lots of improvement, and I procrastinate way too much. Where could I have been today if I had just been able to get diagnosed and taught what I needed to know?   My mind is always in this fog. I forget names as soon as I get them like a dunce. I lose track of what it is exactly I'm supposed to be doing when I go to do something. I procrastinate like nobodies business. I've been called a low key genius. In fact, in English 101 I had a presentation due with over 5 partners and no one did ANYTHING I had to create the whole presentation myself at the last minute and assign everyone individual parts to read and the project passed with flying colors. I'm nearly always restless and I can't sit still without doing something, my heads always up in the clouds, I'm easily sidetracked. I talk in tangents I fear others can't keep up with. I talk fast.  I do stupid things when I'm trying to physically express myself when talking, I struggle to remember to take care of myself and do mundane things such as brush my teeth or hair. I'm always full of ideas. I get this intense irrational fear of going into a social setting like a party. I feel much the same way when it comes to driving, I can be cool on the outside, but I know deep inside I have this irrational fear that I just might fvck something up somehow someway. I hate driving, I hate distractions I don't even listen to music much when I'm driving.  My room is a pig sty. I can barely look at a schedule. I don't follow up on things that could help me. I can't keep friends. Mundane activities make me want to off myself.   All I want in life is to improve myself and succeed but no matter how many books or techniques I get I just can't go through with any of it. I. Just. Can't.   And I'm just surrounded by people that can't or don't want to understand. My familial support base is crumbling before my very eyes. I have no means of securing any psychiatrist aid or medication and I just... I don't know any more. I hate feeling this way. I feel like I'd rather be dead than live like this for the rest of my life. I don't know how I'm going to make it. I don't know how I made it this far.   I know there's not actually much anyone can do for me here but if I managed to catch your ear, thanks for listening anyways. Id be grateful for any advice or suggestions based off of personal experience.
