a824e7bfd87e36bcb1e4c71ca6ace2f4908c274f09266af665d0c43bab7b18c2;;;At some point you just start giving up.;;;I a few months ago, I was tested for ADHD, but was diagnosed with depressive disorder - not otherwise specified a couple months ago. OP [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/lnsjy/went_in_to_be_tested_for_adhd_diagnosed_with/).  I was able to see the school counselor. Great guy, and he's focusing on how we can work on my attention problems outside of medication. He's actually willing to listen to my problems, and work on what I actually started this process for in the first place.  The problem is, however, the school's place for referrals is the same place I was tested at originally. They can refer me to other places, but at those places, I'll have to pay out of pocket.  So. Nope. No second opinion. I'm pretty fucked, right about now. I failed out of my programming class; I can't get simple chores done around the house, which is wrecking my relationship. Yep. Can't even practice at HoN, as much as I want to get better. A fucking video game, and I can't get myself to press that matchmaking button to start.  My life is being held hostage by my mind, and I'm powerless to do anything because someone thinks I'm depressed, ignoring the fact that all my symptoms match ADHD, I lack the symptoms to diagnose me with most specific depressions (hence "Depressive disorder - not otherwise specified"), and most fucking importantly: I am not depressed. I am upset. Upset at the refusal to listen, and the subsequent inability to find someone who will.
a824e7bfd87e36bcb1e4c71ca6ace2f4908c274f09266af665d0c43bab7b18c2;;;Doctor Who fans - the three part finale with the Master. The sound of the drums. Did it echo with you? [Doctor Who spoilers up to these episodes within post];;;I remember before diagnosis, watching the three part finale piece by piece. Even years after watching it, I could still remember one thing in particular--the Master's comments, on the sound of the drums. The never-ending drum beat, I *knew* what he was talking about, if not in a literal sense. I must have rewatched twenty times, and I even named my first build "the Master"--I was young, after all.  But that call to war--it echoed with me. Even then, when I was young, I knew that calling, but I never quite made the connection, not until more recently when I watched it over again. The Master's drumming is that drive--the drive deep within, a core part of my being that creates the constant momentum that I feel at home within.  Do you feel the same way?
