a8cf63d48efa42b6755270fd79cc26ab71802add9fa0ba0d39f2498fd419213c;;;I think my ADD is ruining my relationship... me[28/f] bf[32/M];;;I just got tested for ADD about 8 or 9 months ago and i've been trying out medication. I started out with low doses of ritalin and now i'm at 20 adderall xr. It helps me focus for work, for sure. My relationship is definitely not getting better though. I would like to believe that its half my fault and half my boyfriends fault.   I am VERY forgetful. I never pay attention. One example would be when I go to the grocery store, even when I take my medicine, I forget to look at the dates of the bagged salad. I just buy it, and later I find out, it expires the next day. Those little things I dont look at. i just go through the motions. That is wasting money.  I need to pay attention to the little things. Listen, I also was raised by friends, cousins and never had 2 parents giving me chores, or helping me with things in daily life. I just went along, surviving. I never was taught how to cook, clean everything or grocery shopping, I just taught myself. My bf basically things i'm useless because he's had to teach me normal things a person should know. Like changing the sheets once every month or 2 months, or dusting anything..  He does get on my case a lot, and we end up fighting because he is mad I didnt pay attention. I used to make a list when I went to the store and I would just forget to look at it. Im getting better, where I do get the things he asks for. I've been cutting up fruit that we get.. instead of just letting it sit there.   I do think at times its me being lazy plus ADD. I WANT to do the right things but my brain is just on this 1 way track and I dont come off it to check things, double check, triple check. I just go along with the flow. I HATE IT.   Now I feel like why should my bf even try. He could get a girl that grew up in a proper home that cooks great, cleans great.. maybe she wont be as good looking haha but least he wont get mad at her for dumb stuff. I'm just frustrated and I feel like he is lowering my self esteem but its me that is fucking up. I cant figure out how to just do what i'm supposed to do. I dont need him yelling at me for not putting something away, when he could just do it, and not get mad at me about it. Thats where I mentioned half my fault and half his. There are times where he shouldnt tell me that I messed up, just to tell me and get mad just to get mad.   He says he doesnt want to baby me and lie and say everything is great or that I dont mess up. I feel like he doesnt get it though, he is sort of baby'ing me by scolding me about little things. Its half a realtionship issue and half a LIFE issue.   Anyone have this problem where its hard to adjust to adulthood and owning a house and just functioning on a daily basis?   I take 20 adderall xr and then a 10mg at 2pm. I feel like it helps in the morning but thats about it. It enhances my attention but doesnt help at all times and I dont want to rely on medication either, I want to better myself.    TL;DR very forgetful, any tips on how to become better at adjusting to adulthood and managing a house &amp; relationship.
