a8d16b6abd92015b7e5668daea5806bdd6eb14550e5cbc2daed5452ffcfceb8f;;;(Rant)Why adhd support, quizzes, etc. pisses me the fuck off.;;;Okay, I know I'm going to receive hate for this, and I really am not trying to put down anybody. However, I've noticed over many different places (like this sub, news sites, etc) that the support and ''diagnosis'' of ADHD is NOT helping the people who actually have it. Let me preface this by saying that I have been diagnosed correctly very early on by a specialist through intensive testing and examination, meaning that I actually have it. Now, here's what I need to say: THE ADHD COMMUNITY PISSES ME. THE. FUCK. OFF. Why? Well, there's the notion that ''oh I get distracted'' or ''my mind is on a million other things'' means that you have it. NO, it really, really doesn't. To the people like me who actually have this horrible disorder, it goes beyond distraction. It goes beyond being able to delay gratification. It's that we get distracted, and we CANNOT bring ourselves back. There's literally a disconnect from what we are trying to focus on. There's distraction and then there's ADHD. I've tried typing a way to describe the disconnection but it's so hard to describe. But finding a discussion for people who actually have it can be hard, because it gets buried under mountains of issues everybody experiences that get labeled as ADHD. I see ''20 things only people with ADHD understand'' and I'm like ''well now that everybody has it, it's sort of pointless and plus your video does not represent us.'' Wait shit I actually lost my train of thought because I wanted to type something else but I just can't remember anymore because I was to busy reformatting this thing. I hope this makes sense because I know it's disorganized but I need a place to rant. I know people are looking for support and I'm not doubting that you have it. But because the majority of people get a one-and-done diagnosis, I more suspicious. Again, I'm not directing any hate at you guys, I just need to tell people about this. Fuck this is disorganized.   TL;DR - Overdiagnosis has lead to people claiming ADHD is why they do certain things. To people that actually have it, it's annoying to see. Post is disorganized. Why am I even trying.   edit - I wrote this at 3:30 am so I wasn't thinking clearly. Here's a comparison of what im trying to say: Imagine you have a population of 400 people who all decide to go to Alcoholics Anonymous. Out of that 400, 300 occasionally have a drink, but the 100 left are heavy addicts who need help from AA. However, they're voices are silenced by the 300 average drinkers who compare themselves to the alcoholics when drunk. They mistake they're behavior when occasionally drunk as the same as being an alcoholic like the 100. They make lists, videos, and more for the 300 who aren't alcoholics furthering this notion that they are the same as the 100. And what happens is that it becomes harder and harder for the 100 real alcoholics to sort out they're problems, because now every has similar symptoms. This is what I feel happens with ADHD. Hope this makes sense :)
