a91bc19196d44c1282bc8f8e0a6fb40df0fb17ddcce8c43788e8bb7cf9086e97;;;Tonight, at 37 years old, I finally get it that I'm not allowed to be ADHD when I'm at my parents house.;;;And I made my parents (who've never believed in ADHD and believe in spirit healing and NOT in vaccines) understand that things like spending an afternoon cleaning up after the mess my six year old and I made in their kitchen and yet forgetting to pick my shoes up from the bathroom floor and not remembering to put the shop vac away are not some kind of irritating, thoughtless negligence they can somehow correct but are part of WHO I AM.  Given that they believe that if I tried harder (and connected to my spirit source or whatever it is this week) that I'd be able to "overcome these kinds of challenges" they've made it clear that as long as I'm "refusing to grow in this way" and "arrogantly not dealing with these easy things I could just deal with if I try harder", that I'm not welcome in their house.  They insist that doesn't mean *I'm* not welcome here and they just can't see how saying "You're welcome here but your ADHD (that we don't really believe in) isn't" isn't the same as saying "You're just not welcome here."  It really is about little things too (isn't it always?).  "You didn't clean the lint trap after you used the dryer."  "You didn't put my drill back in the charging socket."  "You didn't park in the space I asked you to park in."  I kind of blew my lid at my dad over the last one and said some unkind things I really wish I hadn't.  He was kind of taken aback about how strong a reaction he got just from telling me off about where I parked my car.  After a long and tearful discussion, I'm leaving this last visit to the house I grew up in to, for the foreseeable future, never have a lengthy visit or stay for more than a few hours again and not spend my visitation time with my son here anymore.   I'm feeling totally heart broken, especially because my son (and his grandparents) are reaping this price.  But my parent's don't consider this "asking me to change" they consider it "a simple demand that when I'm here I pay attention to small details and don't cause chaos in their orderly lives"  (not causing chaos in his order were almost my dad's exact words).  They're considering my insistance that this is REALLY hard and I can't live up to what they're asking to be "arrogant and disrespectful."  My mom left the room in a huff when I tried to explain that I have a handycap.  My dad practically plugged his ears when I started talking about meds (and why they don't really work for me).  They've known me my whole life!! How do they not get it!?!  I'm not actually asking for help.  I'm just sort of venting frustration and heartbreak on the internet.  I'm not sure there is any help to be had.   Anyway, thank you /r/adhd.  You've been a wonderful help in my life these past few years.  &lt;3  **tl;dr:** Parents don't believe in ADHD, even after knowing me my entire life, basically told me I'm not allowed to be ADHD in their house, don't think they're being unreasonable.
