acf970e65ce769cba392b880a7b05411b28f0bd62d1db63de8fb1eb5b9cd8b19;;;Brief introduction and question about motivation issues beyond ADHD (or maybe wrong prescription?);;;TL;DR Hi! Recently got on Adderall, seeing improvements, just not where I want to see them. Halp!   I was diagnosed with ADD as a child, nearing thirty years ago. I took Ritalin from 2nd grade until 6th grade when my dad decided on his own I'd "been on it long enough", even though by all accounts it was having its intended effect. Fast forward to recently, my wife bugged me for a year about getting rechecked. I did, still have it (of course). My doctor put me on Adderall XR 20mg.  Now I'm nearing the end of my first month on it. The adverse side effects are beginning to fade away (slight "lockjaw" feeling, headache, occasional mild euphoria, dry mouth and eyes, spacing out mid-sentence because the next word vanished from my brain suddenly).   As far as primary symptoms my wife used to complain about, they're definitely better. I don't struggle with the motivation to do simple daily chores like I used to. I'm showering more, cleaning the house and dishes. Simple stuff "normal" people take for granted. I'm going to the gym, getting plenty of exercise. I'm getting better at reading without having to go back and re-read or fight off the loud internal monolog telling me there's much more interesting things to do. My on the job training is improving (monitor and controlling processes that may take 30 minutes or more to react to changes, easy to get distracted and miss small yet pertinent changes).   So, improvements! Yay! (Exited muppet dance!)   Problem for me is that these improvements, while necessary for maintaining job, health, and personal relationships, none of these improvements are carrying over into those "quality of life" activities that keep me getting up in the morning and doing the basic life stuff. I'm a musician, got a band, side project, lots of ideas for other musical stuff. I've invested countless hours in group practices and performances, thousands of dollars into a wide assortment of gear. I have a basic home studio and all the accouterments needed to record whole songs all by myself. But I don't. I *love* playing with other people. But I hardly ever practice alone. And I never just play alone for enjoyment. I acknowledge the necessity of doing so to become a better musician. Indeed, I have a gig in a week which I'm not fully prepared for. But even knowing this doesn't translate into the motivation to just sit down and practice on my own. It's beginning to develop into a sort of personal crisis. I *should not* have this kind of trouble pursuing what should be at best a joyous process or at worst just tedious technical noodling. This same issue affects other quality of life activities... Can't do yoga outside of a class.   For years now I've mostly just avoided the frustration that these problems induce by just ignoring them completely. But now that I'm being treated for ADHD again the frustration is back. I don't know if I'm expecting too much of my Adderall, or if I need a different prescription, or some kind of counseling, or what. Maybe I'm just being impatient and the Adderall will begin to improve these areas eventually. All I know is these invisible chains holding me back are oppressive and extremely frustrating. I want to be rid of them and see how far I take my life's passions unfettered by this affliction.   Thanks for reading this far. Sorry I'm I'm too verbose.
