ad8e55a59122c230548b459c5d6e3759d4b61e02626b0061c54b1a7e7080db04;;;I hate myself for being the " funny guy";;;I always have some witty thing to say and blabber. Then when I'm alone and search deep within myself I figure out I am pretty stoic, coldlike figure that among people goes on autopilot of cracking jokes while processing inside some serious stuff.   For example I speak of reddit/4chan trolls and everyone laughs ( and i barely know what im talking ) and in my mind im thinking about physics and world peace.  If you would've asked me after cracking my joke to repeat it, I would ask you " what joke? ".   It's like I have this disconnection between my inner self and outer self.   Where outerself ( the impulsive part) was born because of social pressures for being labeled as absentminded/shy guy( the inner self ).   When I'm alone, I think and work like some grumpy/serious old man. And that's how I see myself.   Yet because of my big mouth people always think I'm childish. When in reality I'm pretty serious person.   How do I stop being such a loudmouth? Sure with guys I get accepted, but with girls I look childish and immature.
ad8e55a59122c230548b459c5d6e3759d4b61e02626b0061c54b1a7e7080db04;;;Not sure if I'm truly ADHD, been to a psych. She thinks I've got PTSD and depression.;;;As tittle says. When you check me through the symptoms list I am ADHD.   Except I never told my psychs about my childhood.  I was brought into this world in violence. Ive had alcoholic father who abused mother when I was a baby. I was crying all the time she said. Then she moved me to live alone with grandma.  My grandma is quite of a hyperactive woman. Quite disciplined and energetic. Doesnt have much time to chit chat.  She was quite overbearing and dominant. I was having anxiety and flight or fight moments all the time since i feared her. A lot.  I lived in my head and played games a lot  In school I was quite afraid. Once again I feared children and was to quick to cry at slightest joke/remark. But I was praised as a little genius.   I lived in videogames/nerd world.   Then in high school I became more disinterested in school and I hyperfocused on playing guitar and music. I was playing in bands and had quite of a confidence. I never wqs disciplined and strict in playing it. Ive had my own methods of learning things. Out of the box, so to say. I finished high school with 4/5 as average grade, and I was studying night before the exam.   Now Im in uni and I fail hard. Even in concerta, my brain zones out and reading words seems like staring at picture.    I am by personality tests, ENTP.  I am also quick to anger person.    In my country its not ADHD, its hyperkinetic disorder. And psych, parent of my friend, said knowing me that there is no way since she is working with kids and teens and prescribes Concerta to them often.  But that I have PTSD, depression and tendency to self destruct myself via procrastination. That I need to go on AD's and psychotherapy.   I have no idea what to do anymore...   Somebody give me a hand.
