adcb5ff6ff544436fdc71e767fb0fb0f6070ef00050d918dab144f227bbc6be5;;;20 mg vyvanse makes me feel "high" and causes muscle tension? ;;;I'm Inattentive not hyperactive, and i am taking the lowest dose of 20 mg Vyvanse. It causes my mood to lift, I become very talkative and chatty, and I focus singlemindedly on one task as intended.   I only take the meds like once a week, organize my life, study the weeks worth of material, then I continue the rest of the week unmedicated, building off of the foundations i built on the on-med days. I prefer this because i feel I am more creative off meds - random thoughts occur to me and they often lead to good ideas.  I'm concerned about this "high", it is very pleasurable and lasts all day and i find myself wanting to take meds even on days when i don't need to focus on anything - i resist the temptation of course but it makes me wonder if my dose is too high, that I should get cravings for it.  I am also concerned because it gives me muscle pain the next day...i think it might drain my electrolytes because it makes me pee a lot. As you can see i have a very low tolerance -i get the appetite loss and dry mouth too.  I've tried lowering my dose by breaking the capsule in water and drinking half of it (10mg). Problem is, if i do this, I can't focus for as many hours as I like...it takes three hours to hit and wears off in another three hours. The full dose lasts eight hours.  I am afraid of splitting the doses into two parts morning and evening because i have enough trouble sleeping without stimulants lingering in my blood.  My doctor says everything seems to be fine...personally I'd like it to be any better. Does anyone have any suggestions to improve this situation, or any experience with the pleasurable high or muscle pain?
adcb5ff6ff544436fdc71e767fb0fb0f6070ef00050d918dab144f227bbc6be5;;;I'm so frustrated rant/;;;This is fucking frustrating.  I want to do stuff with my life. Intellectually challenging stuff.  Forget want. HAVE to do. Because if I'm not intellectually challenged, I can't pay attention.  Can't pay attention, lower grades, put on the boring class tracks, even less attention, even lower grades. Leading to a shitty job. Leading to no FOCUS, leading to no passion...and I can't work without being passionate, my mind just won't do it!  I work three as hard as everyone I know. Spend almost all waking hours trying to study, trying to focus. But no. When I'm trying to do calculus my brain will start composing music, if I try to do chemistry I start doing math proofs in my head, if I write an essay there is an entirely different essay from the one I'm supposed to be writing running in my head..  When I got diagnosed, I got my IQ tested. Psychologist was beaming at me, both of us were grinning from ear to ear, him telling me that I am testing in the top 1% of IQs, that he hasn't ever seen anyone solve those block puzzles so FAST, that I am definitely over thinking everything, there is nothing wrong with me.  And then he does the TOVA, and the working memory tests, and my smile is gone. Because it doesn't matter how smart I am or how hard I work. Because my TOVA score is so bad that the results can't even be read. I know what every single one of these tests mean, and knew exactly what the diagnoses would be before i stepped in, but I never imagined pressing that damn button when the shape appeared would be so difficult.  All the intelligence and hard work in the world, and my achievements are ... average. Always, just average. If only he would apply himself. If only he weren't so LAZY-That one just makes my head explode.   So the shrink says the words which I've been thinking all my life. You've got so much potential. So many mental resources, that you can't apply because you can't focus. Take the medication, you will be able to unleash so much  But I take that medication, and all those thoughts that are rushing through my head, stopping me from focusing, turn off. Que amazing focus...at first. But suddenly, all my special abilities that separated me from the crowed start to disappear. I can't tell children funny stories made up on the spot without struggling. I don't automatically notice the expressions in the eyes of people I love, read their emotions, unless I am specifically trying to. I don't realize I'm losing my temper until I've lost it.   And I realized, putting those rushing thoughts to good use was the whole reason I wanted to succeed academically in the first place. Can't have it both ways, right?  Whatever, just keep pushing on...one day, I'll be in a position when all the thoughts in my head will be my strength, my advantage. One day...
