add361083a27b42eb9746c12c542e95a764affe895aff9e00d0b06f845c5c6f5;;;Any tips on being absolutely useless when it comes to being social?;;;I'm sorry for the extremely long post. I know I'm on /r/ADHD. I guess if i was to make a TL;DR, it would be: how can i overcome social anxiety while being the introvert that I am?  First off, I'm 21, diagnosed and medicated for about a year and a half now. I wasn't too social in high school and haven't been social in college. I believe I'm an introvert because I'm usually held back unless I'm with a small group of really good friends. I'm much more comfortable with even being on my own as opposed to going out and going to parties or any kind of gathering or event.   But I've been thinking it might be more of anxiety than being an introvert, unless those are known to go together. My entire family, grandparents, aunts, uncles, parents, you name it, is known to have issues with anxiety. So I take my social problems as maybe an effect of my anxiety? I just think about having to go out and be in an unfamiliar place with potentially unfamiliar people. And when I'm trying to talk to someone, maybe my anxiety takes over there too?  Yes I've been medicated for anxiety and it helps on the overall problem, but I still feel like no matter what, I have no social skills.  But it's not like I'm not used to being in a social environment. I've played sports all my life. Soccer since I could walk, and football throughout middle and high school and I'm more than willing to play any kind of sport thrown at me. Same goes to video games and such. It seems as if there's any competition involved, I'm much more willing to be involved.   Lastly, I feel like whenever I'm trying to get my thoughts into words, never are they able to express what I want them to, and frequently I'm starting comments or posts here and just scrap it because I feel almost embarrassed about it. Same with talking in person. I feel as if I can never get to a point and what I say just leaves everything hanging.
