ae74b9346fbd35e1fd0d6347a75f1fdae5f72c607a22a4b1822b0e096fb4b417;;;I am fed up with the ignorance about ADHD.;;;Ok, so I was looking on the internet and I saw a video from a news program I usually like called theyoungturks, however, this video was of them saying that ADHD is "overdiagnosed" and that "anyone can be diagnosed" (hint, they can't). They also say that 1 in 5 high school boys are diagnosed with ADHD, nope, its about 5% of school age boys, obviously this video was misinformed and offensive to me and others with ADHD. So I posted a comment that said I like their program, but what they were saying was incorrect and was very offensive. Two people replied to this with some of the most ignorant bullshit I have ever seen.  From "Tony Montana"- (WOW, thats original, naming yourself after a movie character so you can feel like a badass even if you aren't!)  That comment is pure hate, it's very offensive. ADHD is a fake bullshit disorder, it's proven fake. The symptoms of ADHD are caused by high testosterone which guys had a lot of before our water was polluted with estrogen.﻿  I have no idea what this guy is talking about. ADHD and...testosterone? I googled this and found absolutely nothing on estrogen or testosterone. It makes no physiological sense that estrogen would cause ADHD... just... I have no idea what this guy is even saying. Then, there was mr.chemtrail!  willfixyourpcApr 6, 2015 Daaamn, you have ADHD?? oh snap son! guess what, all of those chemicals injected in you, all the fluoride, the chemtrails might have caused your ADHD...﻿  Uhh nope, ADHD is mostly genetic, you can't just "catch" ADHD. Also, I love the fact that he constantly says "chemical" as a sort of bad word when EVERYTHING IS MADE OF CHEMICALS.  I seriously do not want to live on this planet anymore. Does anyone have advice on how to avoid these people or just ignore them because no matter how hard I try I just can't. I know these are youtube comments and are not representative of actual public opinion, but I have met many people who believe this, such as the youngturks.
