af31f94bc30f8fdcece131261beeb0a8f6f6c8224987e91604dfc308995655f5;;;ADD causing problems at my 2nd job.;;;I am 26 years old, have ADD and am not medicated due to lack of medical insurance, and not being able to afford to self pay. I have 2 jobs because my boyfriend and I are trying to get our own apartment, we currently live with roommates. I have worked at my main job for almost two years, and my second part time job for 3 months.  My main job is a clerk at a thrift store, and my second job is a delivery driver at a gas station/pizza/chicken place. Because of my ADD I have forgotten part of orders at the store and had to return and make second trips, I have forgot to cut pizzas among other “silly” mistakes that have made me feel/look stupid.   Last Monday everyone at the pizza/gas station was informed that they had suspended deliveries, 4 people have been let go, and I was not one of them. I was kept on even though I was the last one hired (first one that should be fired right?) and even though I have made all those mistakes. I believe that I was kept because I am always willing to cover other people’s shifts, and come in when it’s busy. I have fixed a lot of the mistakes I used to make, and been good for 2-3 weeks before we stopped deliveries, and when we are not busy I am constantly cleaning something, or refilling something.   The manager that was responsible for deciding these things is the type that thinks people shouldn’t be talking when they could be working. Even though I believe that people should have fun at work, be able to joke with co-workers and customers, as long as everything that needs to be done gets done, but he thinks otherwise. He thinks everyone should be work focused.  I have anxiety because I am so self conscious about being seen as stupid, that I have a very hard time talking with people, so I try to focus on what I am supposed to be doing, and talking when spoken too, and trying to speak because I don’t want people to think I don’t like them, or am snobbish/standoffish. So because I am trying to fix all my mistakes, and am constantly working he decided to keep me on.  Others don’t see it this way.  I have over heard conversations, some I’m sure I was meant to overhear, about I should not be there. One even very loudly mentioned my learning disorder. When I first started working there, one of the managers asked if something was going on with me, so I mentioned my ADD and inability to get meds for it. She acted all concerned, and said that her son has the same thing, and she’s been trying to help him, and she will try to come up with a system that works for me.  Which turned into her writing me up for every infraction, including things others do but don’t get in trouble for, trying to build a case to get me fired. The other manager was promoted and she got transferred to the other side of the store (chicken side.)   Another manager (there are 3 assistant managers and then the manager that decided to keep me on, and not let me go) Asked me to put labels on lids, and went on the other side of a wall, and had a loud conversation with a women from chicken side about how I have a learning disorder, and she’s not trying to be mean blah blah blah. I have anxiety, and am kind of sensitive anyway, so I just hurried through the closing duties and got in my car and cried on the way home. I don’t think it’s fair that I am being treated like I shouldn’t be there because of something I can not control. I don’t think it’s fair that one of the managers was punishing me because of something I can not control, and she should understand better because of her son, and she should not have shared my ADD with the others.  I am a hard worker, it takes me a little longer to get things but I do get them and I AM NOT STUPID. I have not made a mistake in WEEKS but does anyone notice that? No. All they want to focus on is my learning disorder and the mistakes I have made. I am constantly cleaning and refilling things, while they text on their phones, or talk to each other about how unfair people being let go was, and how there is nothing to do (which if this was true, then how come I could find stuff to do?)  I have a good work ethic, and work hard. I am willing to help others by switching shifts or covering for them, I am forcing myself to do things I am bad at until I get better at it so I can help better. I keep things refilled and cleaned, and can always be found working. That is why I kept my job. I understand the frustration at their friends being let go, but hating on me when none of that was my decision, and hating on me/punishing me for something I can not control is unfair.  I hate being this way, I hate ADD, I hate not being able to medicate it, and I hate that others are unable to understand or be patient.  TL;DR: I have ADD and have made silly mistakes while starting my second job, four people have been let go, not me and people think because I have a learning disorder that I should have been let go instead of the others. I HATE ADD.
af31f94bc30f8fdcece131261beeb0a8f6f6c8224987e91604dfc308995655f5;;;My roommate found the cure for ADD!;;;My roommate is a security guard at a hospital, he works night shifts. I woke up this morning to get ready for work, and he came home saying that he met Donald Trump. Who knows if he actually did because he is a pathological liar so you never can fully trust what he says.  I said "fuck Trump." And told him that I had canceled my shit medical insurance so that when the next enrollment period starts I could get on some decent medical insurance so  I could get on ADD meds, but Trump might have ruined that by making it a pre-existing condition.  So my roommate, in all his wisdom, said that while he was at work a certified DR diagnosed him with ADD because he saw him fidgeting. That's your only symptom and it was enough for a diagnosis? Okaaay.  He said the DR told him to treat ADD with    Decaffeinated coffee.   That's right kids, your morning cup of non caffienated coffee can cure all your ADD symptoms!  My roommates an idiot.
