af8726d9da4e48015521c5d69c9f94eec00785025235e2fb261046f32b0bd086;;;[rant] relationships will be the death of me;;;Today I reached a breaking point. I had done my best to build up some walls that needed to be built, mainly regarding people who insult / use my family to put me down and how I deal with them. I had learned to just let these things pass and not give in to petty attempts to rile me up. But today, someone very close to me used my mother and her illnesses to try to make a point. Now I am not one to be easily angered, in fact I have problems getting angry at people and am naturally calm regardless of if someone is yelling at me and all up in my face. But I didn't have that calm reserve today when my girlfriend crossed that line. I know it is because I am so close to her and because I trust her with so much and I feel like this is a betrayal, which it honestly is. She knows that fucking around with saying stuff regarding my mother will cause me to lose my shit. She thinks that it was fair to say because I was talking about her mother in a negative sense. The truth is though, it doesn't fucking matter. None of it does. I am dating someone who has a mentally unstable mother who manipulates and lies to get what she wants, no matter the consequences. And today she decided to take out her anger regarding her mother and her threats / emotional abuse on me. And I won't take it. I am going to do something I rarely can do, and that is say no. I am standing up and drawing a line in the sand because I will not let myself be walked all over like she lets her mother walk all over her. I grew up letting myself be walked on, bullied, and taken advantage of. I let my heart and caring nature be abused by anyone who was nice enough to let me talk to them. And when i turned the corner a couple years ago I promised myself that I would change and I would start fighting for myself. And so I will.  It will probably cause more pain and grief than giving in would. It could even cause a large enough rift in my relationship to possibly end it. But I don't know what else I can do. I can either regress or move forward
