aff1907cc42d7058e0d156045292c1e5280f7ac568a7eeabb41fdd37de74c5fc;;;Just took adderall for the first time this morning. I want to talk about how I feel.;;;First off, I need to let you know that I'm very paranoid about my diagnosis. If it turns out to be false then I have no idea what my next step is, or how to go about solving my problems. But I also don't want the wrong diagnosis. I've had symptoms of ADHD in childhood, and now at the age of 23, but I'm still trying to be as skeptical as possible.   So currently I've been prescribed 20mgs of adderall but I've decided to take 10mgs for the frst day (which I guess isnt a lot), just for testers. I tend to be a high energy person with a lot of anxiety (I'm sure a lot of us are), so when I first felt the effects of the medication my mind started outright racing. Which lead me to believe maybe I don't have ADHD because I'm so wired! Which lead to more anxiety because I thought I had the wrong diagnosis, ect, ect. But I've calmed down now. I've been able to sit in one place for longer than usual. I started to clean my room (for what seemed like the first time ever), but I became distracted and got on reddit.   I can't tell if this is helping or not yet. Usually I look for 2 main things to go away when I'm on medications (I've taken straterra before with mixed results)  1. My mind doesn't race as much. 2. I stop grinding my teeth  Niether of those things stopped completely with adderall (they did with stratterra). Although I'm wondering if maybe I should have probably taken the entire dose before trying to come to conclusions. What I'm really wondering is:  1. My concentration level is only slightly better with 10mgs of adderall. I can't decide if my mind is racing more now, or before. Does that mean I should try more? Or is it possible I don't even have ADHD? 2. I feel "wired" in a sense, but I haven't moved from my seat. normal? 3. Does it take a few days to get used to the feeling of this medication?  Maybe I just had certain expectations about adderall that were false. I see people without an adhd diagnosis taking it in college who are very concentrated and studying hard when they take it. I still feel bouncy. and maybe a little anxious. But there definitely is a calm feeling somewhere in there too. It's so weird!   I don't know how to react!  **EDIT:** I think it's also helpful to know that I freak out when I ingest any type of medication. Regardless of what it is, OTC or otherwise.
