b08da2c028a5d3296a0f30b317a0b371fcce0d44169586f3b2a15d39efd71552;;;Why all the hate for medications in this subreddit?;;;This started as a response to /u/podruzny, but I realized halfway through that it has become something else.    I found this subreddit maybe a week or two ago, and...I'm a bit confused by the people on here.  I was diagnosed with ADD when I was 8.  I'm 29 now.  I have never abused my drugs.  I knew it was possible, but it seemed stupid.  I noticed, even at that early age, that people responded to me better when I had taken my meds than when I didn't.  As the years passed, I noticed other things:  My mom wasn't so angry at me.  I could get my schoolwork done.  Other things, like puberty (mine) and literal insanity (my mother's) started becoming more prominent in my life.  At 17, I, too, had some serious anger issues.  Punching holes in walls, couldn't keep friends.  It wasn't the meds, it was my life that was the problem.  Took me a number of years and going FAR AWAY to college to figure it all out.  I stayed on the meds.  One adderall XR a day, no late night classes.  Make sure I sleep enough.  Don't skip days.  Take medication vacations over 3 day weekends (recommended, although it made me hate 3 day weekends).  I knew I was taking amphetamines.  20 years ago, when I was diagnosed, the doctor told me I would want to not be on the meds forever, because it would be damaging my heart.  That was scary.  Today, I'm still on the meds.  Or, rather, back on them.  Thanks to a) getting prego/having a baby b) losing my job and my insurance, I haven't taken them for over a year now, and it has been a wild ride.  I'm glad for the path I've taken, being responsible, getting my life in order....and it's funny to see how little I can get done when I don't have them in my system.  Funny meaning terrible.  I've hated it.  I love who I am on my medications  I went to the doctor yesterday, and he re-diagnosed me as ADD(inattentive type) using a screening tool.  First time I've been diagnosed since I was 8, and I was kind of shocked at how well many of the questions described my frustrations of the past year.  I've noticed that on this subreddit, there is not a lot of positivity surrounding the medications that the problem we all share, and I just have to wonder why?  Is the medication so much worse for everyone else?  Are there only a few people who talk about it?  Are your lives not enriched by having greater focus?  What;s up with that?
