b20e75b746b89a86ef70f8386a37754413b8d722e5afde4e864396424b1caeda;;;Short Essay about my ADHD Experience;;;This is a rough draft of a piece I am working on, tell me what you think!  ---------------  In October of 2013 I had one of the most epic meltdowns of my entire life. For completely freaking out, I was actually quite composed to the outside world, but I was constantly vibrating on the inside. I was walking around doing the best impression of the usual me, all the while it felt like my insides were being lightly squeezed by someone else’s hands. What set me off into this spiral of anxiety? I had realized that I had forgotten to write a test date into my disorganized excuse of a calendar, a test that I was unprepared for and that was scheduled to happen the next day. In my fourth year of university, after years of feeling like I was lazy and disorganized, I decided that maybe it was time to talk to someone.   I have always known that I probably would be diagnosed with ADHD if I went through with formal testing. In fact, in my final year of high school I started the testing process but gave up after enough people told me that since I had a high average it wasn’t worth my trouble. I passively agreed with everyone else, and even though studying was excruciating, I was clearly able to cope enough to excel at the time. The opinions of the people around me are what kept me from getting formally tested for another four years, only because (despite my many academic and personal accomplishments) I finally snapped. Alas, at the age of 21, after a lifetime of symptoms and red flags, a psychologist diagnosed me with Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder.   The diagnosis was a relief. I think that this is something a lot of individuals who are diagnosed with ADHD in early adulthood feel. The day before my diagnosis and the day after my diagnosis were probably exactly the same, and I am still the same person as before, but now I have a name that explains how my brain works. This is not an excuse as to why I operated in such an impulsive, yet disorganized way. Instead, it is an explanation. I now know what I was dealing with and can focus on management rather than letting the symptoms render me useless. The diagnosis gave me a platform to work from in order to make sure that I am being productive and putting my best self forward. It’s daunting, and working on the lifestyle changes that lessen the effects of my disorder sometimes feels impossible after many years of bad habits, but that is another story for another day.    The psychological symptoms that I have to deal with every day with ADHD is hard to manage not only because it causes my brain to move quicker than my mouth, but because lots of people don’t believe that it’s a real thing. Everyone has probably heard the arguments: “it’s just an excuse for laziness” or “our society makes us have ADHD, so stop watching TV.” These attitudes are what kept me from seeking support, and allows me to feel unease when I talk about my disorder openly. Both of these arguments place blame on my lack of mental strength; if most people are able to keep their minds in check despite our distracting environment, I should be able to as well. It’s sometimes hard not to feel like identifying myself as someone with ADHD is me admitting defeat, and that I don’t have the work ethic that others have. Even though I have been quite successful in what I do, and have many opportunities that others don’t, explaining that this has been difficult to accomplish still seems like a pity party.   Now I am medicated, an aspect of ADHD management that is often criticized, which reiterates the stigma. This is something I am afraid to talk openly about to anyone besides my closest friends, and even then I sometimes feel judgment. I am consistently left feeling as if I have given in where others haven’t, therefore the use of medication is just another indicator of my mental weakness. No matter how well the medication allows me to focus and get things done without anxiety, and how much my life has improved with a pill in the morning, my successes never seems to be justified because I need extra help to do it. When I take my medication I feel sane and ready to take on the world, something that most people have the ability to feel on their own. It is not like I am taking advantage of an option that not every has, becoming super human with every Adderall capsule. The medication is not making me work better than you, it’s bringing me to your level. Still, this is something that a lot of people still do not have the ability to understand or accept.   It is impossible for you to imagine how my mind works, just as it is impossible for me to understand how yours works. With respect to this notion, it is only fair to assume that someone with a mental illness or another psychiatric disorder is telling the truth. I know how my brain works better than you do. It quite honestly blows my mind that in a society that accentuates physical differences, we are unable to grasp the idea than our insides our different as well.  You may not agree with what I am saying, or that my way of dealing with my disorder is what you would do, it ultimately does not matter, because you are not me.    Ending the stigma surrounding mental illness and psychiatric disorders is not going to happen with just simple conversation. Although being as open as possible about whatever we are facing is important, this effort for open dialogue may be fruitless without a set of ears that are genuinely listening. In order to make progress, we have to step outside of our own minds and realize that not everyone is the same. I understand that this is sometimes difficult, but we must actively try and put ourselves in foreign shoes. If we can solidify that the differences between us do not need proof, the past version of me will reach out about his issues earlier than he did. That is, if he remembers to write it down in his calendar.   -----------  TL;DR - A short essay about my experience with ADHD diagnosis in adulthood, wondering if others had similar experiences or thoughts
