b2a7c56cdfe1058e08c8e252743e6fad60e02b632acb80e29cae7c2d411c9339;;;Went off strattera because of price, just taking Adderall (generic). Not sure its working alone... Advice?;;;I was on 60mg of Strattera and 20mg of Adderall daily, for the past 9 years with a little up-dosing or down dosing over that period of time but pretty regular.  I have weird insurance. I pay full price for prescriptions but then my work will reimburse me for 50%.  The strattera (no generic available) was close to $200/mo. The adderall (generic) $35. I am at a particularly tight point financially (story of my life) and decided to just not get Strattera for a couple months. The first couple of weeks off it was haaarrddd... I wanted to just die. But I knew that was going to happen and I fought very hard through the intense feelings of hopelessness. I still struggle but not as bad, normal, I have always had depression but treating the ADD has treated the depression (for the most part). It has been almost 2 months now taking only Adderall.  I am struggling at work. It is really hard to get through the day. In the morning I do my usual sprint through tasks. I have a very good job, very creative type thing, a lot of responsibility and flexibility. I feel lately like I am slowing down and I am definitely having a hard time focusing. My house is a mess. It is the messiest its been in a while. I feel like I am letting everyone down around me.  Do I get back on Strattera and just deal with the cost? Do I up my Adderall dosage? Is there other, cheaper drugs to try?  Any advice is appreciated. I feel like I am pretty much on my own when it comes to bringing this info to my doctor. Since being diagnosed 9 years ago, she pretty much just stuck with my original doctors recommendations and lets me decide if it needs adjustment based on how I feel. She is a family doctor &amp; gynecologist, and I do not get the impression she is entirely up on psychiatric drugs (don't get me wrong, she is otherwise a really good doctor). I just can't go to her with "I dont know what to do but I need to do something" I need to saying something more proactive like "I think it would be good if I take XX dose and possibly switch to BLABLA drug, what do you think?"  But I am at a loss, since I have been doing the same thing for 9 years I do not even know if there might be something better for me I am missing out on.
