b30c54949da0ec674376f4be8e1a1478439c78fd1a6d920829d934c533008b12;;;I need help picking a new med!;;;So for about 2 months I was started on 50mg Vyvanse which helped a lot. I got a lot more work done and started developing good habits when I wasn't taking it. My room was cleaner, I could finish work much faster, and it wasn't the feeling of taking a drug.    After that two months, my families insurance changed to where we had to pay anywhere from $50-$160 for medication, unless it was generic. Since Vyvanse was $160/mo, I asked my doctor for a new generic medication, and he prescribed me Generic Focalin IR.   I was a little confused since Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) and Focalin (dexmethylphenidate) have many differences, such as the chemical makeup and a huge difference in how long they last. I take Focalin 2 times a day, and it ends up being around 9-10 hours long, which fixed that confusion a little bit.   I like the fact that having the IR version gives me more of a choice when to take it since it works faster and lasts shorter, as opposed to with Vyvanse it would be strong for about 4 hours and I would slowly notice it wearing off. With the 2x a day, as soon as I notice it wearing off, I can take another which makes it more constant throughout the day.    The downside is Focalin is that it does feel more like a drug and is harder to focus on it. I feel like I need to be moving to get stuff done and its hard to sit down and for example do something like reading.   I know Concerta and Ritalin come in generic versions but are also methylphenidates like Focalin, where as the amphetamine based medications help me more. I would like to ask for generic Adderall or Dexedrine but my psychiatrist told me he rarely prescribes those though as they are more abused and more addicting.   I don't want to try another methylphenidate like Focalin, but I don't think he'll prescribe me either of the only 2 amphetamine based Generic medications.   What meds helped you guys the best? Or what is the best generic medication? Has anyone gone through anything similar?    *TLDR; I liked Vyvanse, Focalin feels more speedy, but I need generic med
