b50d461fbe7ef1e20619a0461a522b356e07ee4b3a4ea1b9daf51e4f6734140a;;;"It's on such-and-such street on the corner of so-and-so road" and other things that don't mean shit to me. Looooong vent ahead, I'm sorry in advance.;;;Fixed the title, mods!  I'm glad I found this sub. I've been lurking for awhile and I hope I've finally found "my people". Sorry for formatting issues, I'm on my phone.  So I guess my original question... I hate driving. I mean, I've lived in the same town since birth so I can drive all over and get where I basically need to go. However, if I need to go an hour away to go to the next "big" town/city over oh, hell no. I don't remember the names of streets or exits and I sure as hell don't remember numbers. I refuse to ever touch a map because my ADHD kicks into overdrive and I panic if I even try to understand it. I will use Waze occasionally, but... haha, half the time I'm distracted and don't hear it. I guess my main issue is "it's on such and such road off of so and so drive" and other bullshit. This means NOTHING to me. I get a deer in the headlights look and say, "I don't know the names of streets and roads and intersections." And then, I'm treated like I'm stupid. The kicker is, I'm not stupid. I'm actually really intelligent, just like everyone else here. It makes me wonder if people without ADHD drive around and constantly look at street signs, because I do not. Hardly any attention span (obviously) and total lack of interest. Sue me! After the initial reaction ("how do you not know this?") I usually ask for a landmark: a mall, a restaurant, a store. Then I am able to figure out where the hell they're talking about. I just feel like I'm constantly beating myself up for not retaining/noticing small details. This could be about anything, not just driving around and reading the names of places. Earlier this year I booked a hotel that I tried to cancel when my husband and I decided not to go and yep, we couldn't cancel it because in my agreement, blah blah blah, long story short, I got some kind of deal originally and could not get a refund. I was charged anyway and didn't even step foot in the state the hotel was in. Totally did not even see that when I booked initially. It's this kind of stupid crap my brain somehow doesn't notice. Or something?! So even though I'm not stupid, I constantly feel like I am. Is this just me or do any of you have issues like this? The hotel stuff I can get over because it's rare, but the driving around and freaking out and not knowing where specific roads are is what really gets to me, especially when people are shitty to me about it. Don't even get me started on going to the doctor by myself. That's a lot of smiling and nodding on my part.   I take Ritalin, (diagnosed around age 12 when my parents didn't understand why their seemingly smart child had all F's and 0's) but I'm already somewhat of an insomniac or something. I have NEVER slept, even as a baby. I'm not talking like "that baby never sleeps, that baby has colic!" I mean, my mother would put me in the bassinet and I would just stare at the ceiling. I think throughout my entire school career I would maybe sleep four hours a night and we were sent to bed around 9:30 and up around 7 or 8. I just started the Ritalin again last September (I was on it I think around 12, I'm 30 now) and I mean, I think it helps? However, I STILL DON'T RETAIN ANYTHING. And I sleep even less, so I'm always tired and feel like a zombie. I have been working with a tutor all year and we have been doing the same math section for almost four months. I think I have it and then we'll move to a different portion of that section... and then we'll go back and it's just gone. Rinse and repeat. My tutor is wonderful and patient and doesn't mind at all, but I feel like such a freaking failure. I constantly ask her how annoying I am and if I'm just the absolute worst she's ever had. She says no and that I'm nowhere near the worst she's ever had (sidenote: she's teaching a 60 year old man with a degree in Engineering who owns his own company HOW TO READ. He doesn't know how to read. He literally graduated because he was a football star, but I suck at basic math, of course) and I don't know. I'm very grateful for her and touched that she believes in me. We work for maybe an hour every day because she says after that my "eyes glaze over." I believe her. I'm supposed to be starting college in September and I'm just understandably terrified because like I said, the Ritalin helps but I still don't retain anything at all. Unless it's of interest to me, which I see being discussed in here on occasion. For example, I can tell you the entire plot to "Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing" by Judy Blume and give you quotes, character names and specific scenarios, but dear God, don't ask me to try and remember how to add/subtract/multiply/divide fractions because nope. I think I have put off going to college for SO long because I don't want to waste money. My grades were horrific in high school and I just know myself. I want to move on and get my life started in the education sense, but yeah, I'm terrified of failing/wasting money/not grasping anything that happens in the classroom. Just like old times!   Then there's the social awkwardness that I see being discussed a few posts down. Me in a nutshell. I was lucky enough to find a great guy that loves me and my quirks despite the fact that I'm basically Scarlett O'Hara, but other people? Ehhhh. They think I'm weird. Girls find me annoying and awkward. I've never been a girls-girl anyway (it also doesn't help that I don't really want kids so that alienates a good portion of women my age) and at 30, it's whatever. I have a few "bffs" and some close female family members so I don't need new friends, but sometimes it would be nice to have people to talk to and hang out with more. I'm mostly referring to work. I've recently been told I'm overdramatic (sorry...) and that I just say whatever pops into my mind without thinking. I actively try not to be like this and it doesn't work either. When I started my most recent job the guy training me was overly aggressive on the register (demanding that I memorize each code for each transaction, which I CAN do... in time) and I asked him to please take it easy on me because I'm eaten alive with ADHD and forgot my Ritalin that particular morning. He said in response, "I wish I had a crutch to fall back on" (ouch!) and then last night referred to me as overdramatic. So now I spend a lot of time wondering if I can even survive in the real, actual professional world, even if I somehow manage to procure a degree of some sort.  I'm mostly just venting but if anyone has any advice, I'll gladly take it and any help. This went way longer than I originally intended from my street signs rant, sorry! I was able to write this because I love to write but if any of you were able to make it through this entire thing, I seriously thank you.
