b5900eaf3008f51e8793f3efa4a53d2f73c35387962ac7d5e26aa35e9f20b406;;;ADHD and anger issues;;;Back story I'm 26, male, and have had ADHD as long as I can remember. Also currently on 54mg of concerta and 20mg ciprolex for anxiety.  I've never been good at controlling emotions or anger. As a kid I think my parents (who helped me as much as they could) thought I was being a difficult teenager so my outbursts, etc were 50% crazy kid 50% adhd. Growing into an adult has been a bit of a journey as well.  I'm good at being "normal" at work with my emotions and anger, I have other work issues but that's for another thread lol. However when people get very close to me, I stop being so "nice" and whenever I get stressed I "explode".  I was married once, we married young and were not right for each other... However I know I did a lot to hurt that relationship. My mood would change instantly, from laughing and being happy to screaming and punching the wall. I never got a handle of it, and I never treated her properly, and eventually we split up.  Now I'm engaged again, to an amazing person who is seeing my issues and being as patient as she can be. She wants to help me and wants me to get help myself, bevcuase obviously I need it. Heres last nights example:   &gt; Overall things are a little stressful in life, she is working on some imigration paperwork and I am at a newish job and just got a not so great review. But weve been through stress before. We had a nice evening and got up to do the dishes. I hate chores, I hate a messy kitchen but I hate cleaning it too. I get instantly stressed and anxious, but she tries to help me.  &gt;  &gt; Things are going good, until I put a frying pan in the dish washer. After here its very blurry. She tells me that it wont get clean, and I am going to wake up to it in the morning being messy. I got upset. What I think happened was me telling her just leave it, let me put it in, I just want to get it done. And her explaining to me why its a bad idea. I got more upset. I started going on about "is this worth arguing about, just leave it!" and got more and more upset. I left the kitchen and kept yelling "is this worth arguing over" which she calmly replied "I just wanted to explain ... ". In my mind I wanted her to say "its not worth it I'm sorry", but that's so stupid because she did nothing wrong.  &gt;  &gt; After this carried on and she started yelling out of frustration I was screaming and blaming her. The night ended with me throwing a glass on the floor and it shattering everywhere.  &gt;  &gt; We talked it through after, and again in the morning. Things are "ok" right now but we know I need help, and if I don't get it we can't do this forever. I don't' want to be like this, I hate screaming at people I love, breaking things, scaring people. I would NEVER hurt somebody physically but I fear what I'm doing might be worse.  &gt;  &gt; She said to me that its like I black out when I get angry and just explode not seeing or hearing whats around me. In my mind I just want the world to apologize and tell me they are sorry for making me mad, even though the truth is its not their fault.   I... I don't really know what to do. I'm going to talk to my family doctor (making an appointment today hopefully) with my partner, and also try to get into a psychologist that specalizes in ADHD. But I'm scared it wont work. I'm scared something "else" is wrong with me, or this is who I am. I'm scared to loose her but I'm scared if I keep her I will only be hurting her. I don't know what I'm expecting from this rant, its a new account, not a throw away. Maybe I just needed to offload today. And get real help tomorrow.
