b727f19e4909dad12baf9c04a925045e0a038fde2ef447618747eec9b4e83d09;;;Running up late fees again.;;;Pretty much every time I rent a DVD (yes we still have video shops in NZ) I end up bringing it back late and getting charged late fees. Somehow I then convince myself I'll get it right this time and rent another DVD. The problem then is often I can't bring myself to start the DVD because I don't feel like I have the ability to sit and watch the whole thing. Usually it happens when I get 2 movies and expend all my limited attention span watching the first.     But once I've failed to finish it and been charged the late fee it seems a crime to return it unwatched and pay all that money for nothing. So I promise myself I'll watch the next night, and fail again and the price is even higher so the need to watch it greater and so on.   New release DVDs cost $8/night to rent in NZ, so it isn't cheap to be several days late.  And yet here I am all over again.   Anyone have this kind of problem?   TL;DR: Constantly return DVDs days late without even watching them because of lack of attention span to start, swear it off, then do it all over again.
b727f19e4909dad12baf9c04a925045e0a038fde2ef447618747eec9b4e83d09;;;Barkley's view that ADHD sub-types/presentations don't exist.;;;TL;DR: Barkley argues everyone with ADHD is actually Combined type and the small number who are not hyperactive or impulsive at all have a different disorder. Would you agree the presentations are obsolete?  Barkley has stated that he doesn't believe the current presentations of ADHD (Primarily Inattentive, Primarily Hyperactive-Impulsive and Combined) actually exist.    His view is that since 90% of those with PH type are very young kids who change to combined type within a couple a couple years and up to 75% of those with PI type just fall a couple symptoms short of full Combined type symptoms they're all really Combined type and the minority of PI types who aren't hyperactive or impulsive at all have a totally different disorder (SCT).    I have seen here a lot of PI type people talking about fidgeting a lot, having racing thoughts, difficulty getting to sleep and emotional impulsiveness which would all be indicative of the hyperactive-impulsive symptoms.  So it does seem to me that a large share of the PI type people are just sub-clinical combined type now, or their internalised hyperactivity was simply missed by clinicians looking for the classic little boy hyperactivity.    I was diagnosed with the Combined type even though I didn't have the classic behaviour problems as a kid, but I don't know how common that is.  Have doctors put too much emphasis on poor behaviour in school as the primary sign of hyperactivity?    So would you agree that the current presentations don't really exist?
