b75b53450205776d9333ab7d49d7fe030185de4869aa5a025e94894b2aa5a9ec;;;How do you approach a doctor about being prescribed in a college town?;;;Hi guys, sorry if this has been asked, it's a little specific so I couldn't find anything similar when I looked through previous posts. I am diagnosed with ADD/ADHD, and I have previously been on Strattera. I did not like the hypersomnia that came with it, not to mention it did little for my symptoms even after two dosage increases. So I talked to my doctor about switching to a stimulant, and before we came to a decision, I switched to an insurance she didn't accept and that was the last doctor I've seen regarding my ADD.  Two years later, and I am attending a large university and as with most college age kids, Adderall and Vyvanse are being sold like it's not a felony... Regardless, I'm diagnosed and have no good reason to illegally purchase a drug I can be prescribed. At my community/state college, the workload was manageable with my symptoms. The transition to university, however, has been a shock and the workload is almost making my symptoms worse. I get good days where I overcome and conquer what I need to do. I feel so good about it, I try to keep it going. But then I fall into a period of "can't move, don't want to move, hate self for not being strong enough to make myself do what I need to do" for a week or so. It's like I'm depressed, only without the despair and hopelessness. I just can't motivate myself.  What I worry about, is due to the fact that this area is so inundated with college kids looking for a high/boost, a doctor is going to laugh in my face when I ask for a prescription. I don't even know if I should be seeking a general physician (as my last doctor was) or an actual psych doctor.  What I am asking, r/ADHD, is:  1. What type of doctor should I be seeking out for treatment?  2. How do I ask about being prescribed without sounding like another typical college adderall abuser?  Again, I'm sorry if this has been asked before. Thanks for taking time to read/answer!  EDIT: Formatting
