b97140c90146c61ce50441acc2ab44188a1f90b7a4860d5ea6f0341cbcca148c;;;How could you/we have done better in school?;;;I was thinking today about my education. What did I actually learn in elementary school, middle school, and high school?  What could they have done for me, and what should I have done?   I mean, let's be honest, learning how to be quiet, force out distractions, and focus on what the teacher is saying is the ideal for our current system.  That is not how I roll, and I'm now instead an incredibly shame filled person because I don't quite measure up.  "If it's so hard, how come the other kids can do it?"  This question pretty much fucked me up. I'm still undoing the damage.    You know what would have been "easy" and just as educational?   Playing.  Most of the lessons I learned, and the bulk of my memory from elementary school, is talking, playing, and learning with other students during recess. A teacher had us grow some vegetables, and thanks to that I actually remembered photosynthesis, the stages of the seeds, and even genetics. (I got a pretty good grasp on genetics in the 5th grade because our teacher thought it would be fun to plant peas. I learned punnett squares and shit. That was a good lesson, Mrs. Wohlheiter. Thank you.) I remember the solar system because we were out on the blacktop with beachballs, attempting to space ourselves out as proportionally as we could. That was fun.   Convexly.  I spent high school in a bitter struggle against my grades without medication. I learned how to write essays, pay attention in class, do homework in a way that suits me.  I learned how to talk to teachers about my problems instead of just pretending things are okay and will work themselves out.  I participated in class. I talked.  My mom, when I was 17, said "I think you're growing out of your ADHD."  I can safely say, having dropped out of college from all of the problems I thought I'd managed to solved in high school, that was not the case.  I'm still off meds.  I don't feel in control.  I was on meds during a point in my life where they really hindered me.  And then off meds when I really needed them.  What the fuck.    **So here's the TL;DR.** I should have been off of medication, and had more learning/play time in elementary school.  I should have been ON medication for the more academically important high school.  Also, I would have actually talked to my psychiatrist at this time in my life, instead of just wandering into a strange mans office with my mother and playing with magnetic marbles while they speculated about my behavior and what to do about it. I honestly had no idea that man was my psych.   How about you? What was school like for you? What would you change?
