b973ea72a4dfc9e77b1ba4577f778425e47bb987e1da65fe302ec57158ab85a6;;;ADHD/Trigeminal Neuralgia/Surgeries/Master's Program.......sigh;;;So life is starting to get pretty annoying in the past year.  And I just need to vent and ask if anyone has advice on what I could do to help my situation.  WARNING: LONG :( Sorry!  Ok so when I was in undergrad I started to have a headache 24/7/365 that put me in the hospital multiple times.  People started to think I was crazy, or organ failure, or brain cancer, etc. etc.  I was taken off my ADHD meds (Dexedrine XR 10mg daily). And between the ADHD running rampant and the fact i wanted to shoot myself because of the pain my grades plummeted and I would never be able to get into Med school with my GPA.  It took 12 doctors and 2 years to diagnose my Neuralgia.  Was on every pain killer known to man, Percs/fioricets/methadone/fentanyl, and even having botox shots.  I became addicted to pain killers and had to go through a 2 week self rehab of no pain killers at all which made me sicker than I've ever been in my life. Also I became an alcoholic pretty quickly from self medicating since the pain was unbearable...which led to other issues I wont mention here. So my life's plan went down the toilet pretty quickly.  However, I graduated.  Fast forward a couple years because the economy sucks and I couldn't find a fulltime job.  So i get my job and realize after a few months I don't want to do it anymore because there is no room for growth in my home state.  (I can't leave my family area for fear of what would happen with me truly on my own).  I get a 12 cent raise after a year and live in a pretty expensive area to live in and don't want to leave my town (I live with parents currently).  So I can't afford a house even with making 40k a year.  So i decide I want to find a new job.  Enter problem 2:  I broke my collar bone a long time ago and it apparently never set.  So I had to have surgery to take bone out of my hip and place it in my collar bone and have a metal plate over it.  So that happens I spend about 5k after insurance costs for it and of course it doesn't work so I need a second surgery.  I have my second surgery and I've been out of work for almost 5 months now because my job wont let me back on light duty.  My long term disability got denied on a technicality, so I am destroying my savings account that i was building up for buying my house.  Zero income, 3k more in hospital bills, car insurance for whatever reason went up 800 bucks a year.  I bought a new car in 2011 for 26k so my savings is taking a beating but i had a lot in there so I am still ok for now.  But I now decide I need to further my education to get a job that I can afford a house on.  So I go back on my dexedrine XR (Which of course i can't get refills on and have no way of getting to my doctor before or after work to pick up a new prescription because they open after i leave for work and close before i get home from work [for when i actually get back to work]) So I need to find a way to get my prescription now after I get back to work.  But the master's program is about 40k and is a master's in Health Administration because I want to run the ethics/compliance department in a hospital.  I hate relying on other people for financial support but I'll have to with my mother.  I just am getting completely fed up with everything happening at once.  Especially the surgeries, they basically pushed me over the edge of pissed at life because I have zero income and am bleeding over 1000 a month from my savings.  The ADHD and trigeminal neuralgia just are adding to my stress since I am always in pain and always have my ADHD symptoms even if they are lessened on Dexedrine.  Does anyone else have a remotely similar story and how they got past all of the crap or any suggestions for what I could do to make things easier?  No i wont go to a therapist because I can't afford it currently even after insurance costs as I need my savings for car/student loans/medical bills/insurance bills.   TL;DR: Life is getting extremely stressful in somewhat unique ways as trigeminal neuralgia adds a lot of stress and it isn't something younger people get often (i'm mid 20s).  Add in zero income due to medical technicality and trying to go back to school for a MS degree.  Need advice if possible.  Medications on: Neurontin 4000mg a day, Ranitidine 40mg a day, Dexedrine 10mg a day, Inderal 80mg a day, Phenegran as needed, Ativan as needed. (Sorry for medicine spelling mistakes)  Probably a very unique medicine setup for those here, just wanted to post it incase it gave any help on advice.  Sorry.
