b992a6d136e9f9186792d8e4372c0b3671d55e637d15590de71bb3fa84c31af9;;;Just got expelled from EMT school 3 weeks from graduation thanks to this curse;;;I'll try to keep this short and sweet. I didn't even sleep last night so apologies in advance.   To paint a picture. I'm 23 and I've been battling debilitating ADD since I was 5. I went to behavioral therapy as a child, I've been apart of many studies sans any ct scans. I didn't graduate highschool until I was 20 despite being given a 130 IQ at 7. I've been fired from more jobs than I have fingers. I've been wrapped Up in depression and self loathing since I was 16 because I could just never make it. I'm JUST finally realizing how great an impact ADD is making on my life, and not considering myself a screw up.   I've never been able to nail down a solid med regimen and I've been using 30mg aderall XR as needed. Which I'm now realizing was absolutely moronic.   I live on my own, with very minor support from the parents. I've been planning and workin towards goin to EMT school for 2 years, and this September I finally started, 11 weeks of full time class and then a 5 week practicum. I wasn't able to save any money prior to school thanks to living in a city where a run down 900 sq foot apt runs about 1400 a month. So I took out the maximum student loan I could. 13 grand. Well school was 9000 dollars all in, books and uniform. So that left 4000 for gas, rent, groceries (I'm an athlete, my groceries are substantial).   I worked my ass off during school, I was significantly late maybe once and was almost *always* the first one waiting outside the school, an absolute testament to how motivated I was... I managed to pull off about a 90% average at the end of the course and was the second highest in the class if you remove the second timers (there 6).   The program isn't like university. We had 2 mid terms and a final, all of which required ATLEAST a 75% or you had to rewrite, if that wasn't above 75% you were exited from the program. We also had scenarios for our midterms that if you missed a critical treatment or step, you immediately failed. So it was an extremely stressfullprogram. Our week was 4 8 hour days on with 4 days off (typical EMS schedule, except 12 hr shifts). I think I slept 3 to 4 hrs a night on school nights and maybe 6 on off days. Off days were spent literally studying all day except going to the gym. I was regarded as the maverick of the class, the guy who all the instructors expected to be working metro with them almost immediately after graduation.   During the program I dealt with so much extra stress, my jeep broke down and needed 1000 dollars worth of work. I missed my insurance payment just before Xmas when I ran out of money which required another loan to pay off the entire year (1800 dollars).  Then I stopped taking my meds after finals in December, I stopped managing my life, dishes piled up, I haven't done laundry since December, i had(have) NO money, my parents took over te burden of my rent. I never asked for help.   Then I slept in by 3 goddamned hours for my practicum orientation at school on December 17th. I literally slept through an alarm on max volume beside my head until it turned off. I remember thinking that night at 4 am after staring at the ceiling for 5 hrs "man just stay up there's no point". Anyways I still got my clinical placement, went on that and had an awesome time, the ER nurses said I'm one of the best EMT students they've had and wrote unreal reviews.  Got back to Calgary and a week later, Jan 5th was the orientation for ambulance practicum with Alberta Health Services that is only held bi monthly. Same thing happens, slept through the entire 45 minute orientation this time. I got put on academic suspension, with the clause that there will be absolutely no lates what so ever.   I went to my doctor looking for help, WAY too late at that point, he diagnosed my with general anxiety, put me on pristiq, which I stopped a week later. Feb 2nd I had my first 4 day tour and was an hour early everyday. The second tour last week I did the same thing, couldn't sleep, said to myself "just stay up" an hour before I had to get up. Slept in by 3 hours, and that was it, officially expelled on Friday.   6 months of my life down the drain, 20 grand in debt. I have to move home to pay off my loans, figure out my meds and hopefully get into see a specialist, and a therapist. I probably won't be able to afford to go back to school until September. The best part is that I have to go through all the tests and class again when I go back.   I'm just so mad at myself. I'm so sick of screwing everything up. So sick of this shit. I'm SO GODDAMN ANGRY. I let my stress build up because I couldn't handle my life thanks to this CURSE. Why do I always have to be a case of wasted potential, why?! My mom cried when I told her, my stepdad shook his head. I let the people I love so much down completely. I hate myself.    Tl;dr. Take your meds or you will lose everything you worked for in a flash.
