b9d40134d6b14ed8cc53be022d1fb88ea7452e7c25852affd6ef1710f7709a28;;;Devastated about realizing I have ADD [Rant];;;**[TL/DR: I just realized I have ADD and feel like there are no good options and I'll never realize my potential, hopes etc.]**   This is a shameless self-pitying shitpost because I just need to get some stuff off my chest. I’m in my early 30s and was diagnosed with ADD a few years back. A psychiatrist put me on Adderall, and the effects would never last, so he eventually titrated my dose up to 120 mg/day until I was losing hair, hallucinating, never eating, having delusions, alienating everyone with my erratic behavior, lost my girlfriend and almost lost my job. He said I just needed to do deep breathing exercises and I’d feel better… I now think he believed I was trying to get a big Rx to sell or abuse and just wanted the repeat business (he told me he had a truck driver patient who he prescribed 220 mg/day, so I’m sure he was comfortable facilitating abuse or resale). Back then I was not aware that these are massive amounts of that drug, all I knew after a while was that I’m losing my mind. So I finally I just quit seeing him and tapered off the medicine on my own and flushed a shitload of it, saying “well if I do have ADD, I’ll just work extra hard. It’s probably a bullshit diagnosis to sell speed to kids and keep asshats like that shrink employed.”    And so for a few years, I bootstrapped my way through life,  but I often under-delivered and disappointed myself. I had one fantastic, prestigious opportunity to do a huge self-directed project in another country and I totally fucked it up. I don’t know where the time went, I’d spend a lot of my day pacing around my apartment in a fog. I couldn’t explain it, *I just have poor self discipline*, I said. When I got back to the structure of life in the US and regular office hours, things got better, but I never had the discipline to study for grad school or even just systematically look for opportunities to get away from the security of my mediocre job and do something better. I always felt bad about myself and drank on it a lot, while maintaining professional airs and advancing in a career I didn’t enjoy.   Finally in 2016 I quit and started working for myself as a consultant. With nowhere to be, much lower accountability, and no structure, I procrastinated a lot and floundered. I somehow made enough money last year, but there were whole months when I did almost no work. I’ve hardly worked in the last 2 months.  Again, I paced around my apartment in a fog. I was getting drunk almost every day, and I finally quit drinking so I could focus and get things done. But after half a year of sobriety, I was as foggy, lethargic, unmotivated, and distractible as ever. My girlfriend moved in, and at first I thought she was just very organized… but by late fall, I realized it wasn’t her, I’m just a mess. I started to dread waking up, thinking about how every day feels like such an uphill battle, but still thinking, I’ll figure this out.    Then three weeks ago I found out one of my adult sisters was diagnosed with ADD a few months back. I read a few articles, then a book called Fast Minds… and realized, this is very real and I *do* have this. It explains so much about me. I always thought I was smart and capable, but just needed better discipline. No dude, this is your brain and this is your life.    I had this hope that I’d mature and learn discipline, but I now realize that this is just how I am. I had such fucking hopes for myself. I have squandered and missed so many opportunities, failed in so many relationships, and I have such a long history of letting myself down that I don’t see how it will get better, given the options. I am terrified of stimulants and from what I’ve read they don’t even work after a while anyways. And I am having trouble accepting the thought  that I have to take *any* kind of psy-meds my whole life to be normal. I thought I beat that, I thought I was better than that. I was looking through directories of therapists last night just feeling despondent… half these people can’t write a complete sentence or pick a suitable picture of themselves to put on the internet, and one of *these* clowns is going to help me get my life in order? And the other half that can prescribe meds, all these people have is a hammer, all they’re going to see is a nail. Hey doc, will taking speed every day cause hypertension and cardiomyopathy when I’m in my 50’s? *Duh, I don’t know, my patients seem to respond well to it and you have to weigh the risks, blah blah...* My girlfriend (now wife) is trying to be understanding, but grew up in a country where ADD is not a diagnosis, you’re either good enough for university by 8th grade or going to work in the factories or mines. Anyways, have to pull my shit together before she comes home and pretend I am okay when I actually just want to cry and punch holes in the wall.    Well I don’t often throw pity parties but thanks for dropping by!
