ba4a6f4dff8296bfd0469d819b99bc058a91826231b56d4687b30a0663cbccfd;;;Just need reassurance. Doc suggested I wasn't "implementing the right strategies" as she passed me the 'script I've been waiting on forever. A common frustration, right?;;;So I took part in a trial which is looking at the potential for cognitive behavioural therapy, without meds, to treat ADHD. I was diagnosed shortly before the 3 months of weekly group CBT began.   CBT was very helpful! Especially because I tried as much as I could to practice and implement the strategies. And I didn't expect it to work miracles. I went in fully expecting only *slow* change (if any) and knowing that results would depend on the effort I put into it. It ended in December, and now there are occasional follow-up sessions. I'm still trying to go through a worksheet now and then, to track my "hot thoughts," and to take good care of myself by eating well, sleeping, exercising, etc.   I would love it if I honestly felt like six more months of the same effort could make as much of a difference with my organization and focus as it has already with my emotions and  confidence (ie, not a big difference, but subtle and enough for me to notice a bit). But it just hasn't.  So, after much deliberation, I finally decided I shouldn't wait any longer to try meds, if anything to help me implement the CBT strategies more effectively and more often. So the doctor in charge of the study wrote me a prescription in an appointment today, and added, just as I was leaving, "The thing about the CBT is that you actually have to *implement* the strategies."  Auugghhh! No kidding, Doc!! They've only told us that about a hundred times. I smilingly replied that it *had* been very helpful in certain areas of my life and that I had deliberated quite a lot before finally deciding to ask for meds. Grrr.   TL/DR: Doc suggested I hadn't been trying hard enough at CBT as she handed me the 'script. I'm trying to let this go (as I've learned to do!) but it really bothered me. Obviously nothing is a "quick fix." I'm almost 26 and my ADHD has caused me a LOT of problems. I just kinda wanna get this show on the road and see if meds will actually do anything for me already.   And I'm looking for your reassurance that I am, in fact, justified in finally trying meds after CBT (which I plan to continue on my own).
