bbc2f3d80d5ba0d653d026866735b93b57dcad86f439b91a3ea675d4ee556dcf;;;Establishing Perspective on this sub;;;**TLDR: Don't bother reading if critical thinking isn't your thing**  Since I discovered on my own that I had ADHD at 32 years of age and still unmedicated for reasons I'm not even gonna tap on because I'm still angry, it has been extremely difficult coming to terms with not only psychologically, but physically and financially as well.   Unfortunately, in the year that I have subscribed to /r/adhd, I feel almost alone in the sense that everyone has been diagnosed at some point, with a few exceptions however. Even so, I see many of you who have been in relationships, had stable jobs, got married even, figured out your niche, and basically found your happiness. Unfortunately for me, most of these concepts are still foreign to me. I grew up in a poor and broken home and a lot of the shit I had to deal with growing up, I wouldn't put on my worst enemy, one of countless regrets I live with was hanging out with OG thugs. but hey they'd take a bullet for me so they had loyalty. The education system did nothing to help my disability because let's be honest the public education level in this country is 27th in the world in science and math. This uncomfortable truth was only extenuated by the fact that educated doctors, teachers, and my own parents for that matter were too ignorant and uninformed themselves to see the problem right before their eyes. Everything that who I am today I've been forced to figure out on my own. And for someone suffering from ADHD, anxiety, and depression, not having external structure in your life can generally lead to three conclusions: homeless, prison, or worse... suicide.  So one of the things that I learned over the past year in my self introspection and inflection here is it has become more difficult to relate to many of these stories, simply because I have no basis for comparison for being on medication ever, and many of the threads indicate that most of you had structure in your family or at least the finances to take the necessary steps to do this. I guess because my circumstances have been a lot more extreme than any of yours I sometimes disregard anyone's sympathy for me, because I hate sympathy or empathy for that matter,   But you know what I haven't heard on this sub ever? A tragic story similar to mine where it ends up with a happy ending. I've yet to read that one story regarding the individual who has been alone their entire life, been involved in illegal shit, shot at, was suicidal, been unemployed the last 7 out of 10 years, didn't have the support from family or friends because he/she alienated themselves from the people closest to them. Yet somehow later in their life figured out a way to get past all the mental walls and gain control of their lives. It wasn't until I started expanding my research onto the anxiety and depression subs where it indicated to me that the ADHD sufferers I'm describing end up there when the problem with their ADHD becomes exasperated, largely in part because anxiety and depression is the end result of long term ADHD being untreated. I wonder if anyone else has gone out of their way to read other individuals situations in those subs because it offers a lot of perspective and insight at the reality of what these co-morbid disorders can do to someone.  There's so many different facets that I can tackle where I'm going with this, but because of my ADHD i'm too busy jumping from topic to topic to focus on my self anymore because these issues have become more important:      -people don’t know their vote trumps mandated law      -citizens united      -shitty congress with lifelong benefits      -war on drugs      -private prisons paid for with taxes      -out of control financial sector      -ever decreasing civil liberties      -uninformative and misleading media      -still largely apathetic population      -2 party system that is essentially 1 party      -publication bias in pharmaceutical research      -censorship of the internet      -devastation to our health      -devastation to our ecosystem  Even though I have no control over any of the bigger issues that the world is facing, it none the less paints a vivid picture why I became the individual I am today. Because I suffered so much, I can actually see the world for what it really in all its facets: the corruption of government, the suffering and disenfranchised of the poor. the greed that has consumed the politicians and education system in this country. The torture, the lies, the over prescribing of drugs (yes it happens for the most part when greed is involved). By all means, take a look at my post history and you'll soon uncover how I really feel. I got a propensity for verbosity, but aren't all of us :p?  The only positive thing I can say about my ADHD is that it allowed me to jump from issue to subject like the frequency of a cheap pan radio. Everything fascinate me in all it's beautiful and cruel form, and I mean all of them. Is this what happens to individuals such as me who can't focus on one topic but can be generalized in all of them? I don't know, I've yet to read post where I could relate to someone else. It could simply be because they don't browse Reddit, don't know that they have ADHD, live in another country without internet, or in prison wondering how they got in there in the first place. All I know is, ignorance is bliss, and I wish I didn't know so god damn much information because of the painful truth it brings. And I wish the ADHD wouldn't fuck up my short term memory so much that whenever I argue with someone regarding an issue that I'm familiar with I can't recall most of that information but I know I'm right I just can't remember how I'm right but by then they already pegged me for being arrogant and dismiss anything I have to say after that. It'll drive your anxiety into overdrive and hammer the depression home. But if I don't, I'm even more depressed for not knowing. It's a double edged sword.   I just wish there were other who I can sit down with and have coffee with and talk about various topics of life: Obama signing section 1025 of the National Defense Authorization Act on New Year's Eve. Or why I explain how caustics subdivision on my V-Ray renders takes 2 hours instead of 3 because I never was good at Calculus. And then talk about this fucking good book ["The War of Art"](http://www.amazon.com/The-War-Art-Through-Creative/dp/1936891026/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1382739562&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=the+wart+of+art) that challenges the creative aspects of our brain to counter the negative resistance we experience internally. then change topics to the ancient site of Göbekli Tepe which has been carbon dated to being over 12,000 years old, which would basically rewrite the history books if this is completely true. And then maybe finish off the subject to how you are doing and how you have been, because the chameleon inside me would kick in at this point and I'd rather focus your problems than mine, because to me your issues are easier to solve.  Look... before anyone even thinks it, I'm not looking for empathy or any other type of sympathy, in fact because of my foolish pride, I resent anything that resembles pity. But it's also one of my biggest faults, I realize that, but please... spare me any type of "it's Ok, it will get better" type of nonsense, that's not my goal nor do I want or need it. Where I was going with this rant I honestly don't know, it started off with a focused direction, but I got lost in the details, and now I'm summarizing it with a completely different viewpoint. I guess what I initially was asking is how bad can it get if someone goes undiagnosed for so long. But I already knew the answer to that with my own investigative research, I just found it puzzling that I never once heard of something facing the trial by fire process and go through unscathed.  EDIT: no edits today, leaving as it is because sometimes I like to analyze my rants and focus where I made mistakes on the grammar, run on sentences, comma splices, double use of words, etc. Leaving the editing for later  God damn I need to stop writing...
