bd2f4dcb53dc8d5c0ab56def4fba6de8d35f3171b45446d4e0759d1f7c823c17;;;[Advice Request] How can I help my husband get his meds again?;;;TLDR: my husband is off his meds because he had to find a new doctor, and it will take 6 weeks for his medical records to get transferred. He is not doing well at all, is pretty much nonfunctional without them. Is there anything I can do to help things along?  Should I contact his new doctor to tell him how nonfunctional my husband is without his meds?  A little context: this is all in Canada. My husband was diagnosed with ADHD many years ago, and has been taking Dexedrine on and off for the last few years.  He doesn't like it much because of some of the side-effects, and has often quit for a while, only to have lots of problems, including loosing jobs, disappointing family, letting me down, etc. However, Dexedrine was all that was available at the time he was diagnosed.   My husband's original GP died a couple of years ago, so he had to find a mother doctor.  He found a GP who wasn't that comfortable with treating ADHD, but was willing to give him the prescription he's been on for a decade with his deceased GP.   Earlier this year my husband learned of Vyvanse and wanted to try it.  However, when he brought it up with the GP, the guy abruptly told him he wouldn't prescribe his ADHD drugs anymore. All he would do is give him drugs for depression. My husband said this guy called him an addict. Yeah, my husband fired him, and found another doctor.  So the new GP agreed to take my husband on, but wasn't going to prescribe anything until he got my husband's records; this is an entirely rational decision, I wouldn't do it either without some corroborating evidence. The problem is it will take at least 6 weeks to get the records from the practice the dead GP was a part of.  All of the guy's patient records are in some warehouse somewhere and need to be located.  Needless to say, things have not been going well.  My husband has missed a whole lot of work, and is only still employed because his employer knows what's going on and appreciate just how well he works when he is properly medicated. He's been having lots of difficulties with interacting with his family and me.  I don't want to get into too many details, but I'll tell you both his parents and I are really struggling to be supportive while at the same time making sure stuff gets done.  Both his parents and I would like to do something to help get him back on his meds and functional again.  The question is, what can we do?  I've considered contacting his new GP and telling him what is going on, and no, not asking him anything about my husband's medical information, just filling him in on my in-laws and my concerns. I'm not sure if this would be a good thing to do.  I would really appreciate any suggestions on how we can help get my husband back on his meds.  I'm concerned that he may loose his job if this keeps going on, and I'm  not going to be able to support both of us on a single income. I can't continue shouldering most of the responsibilities  at home for much longer.  Thanks in advance for any advice.
