be9a84e98e7d660f405b4710421823a04bce030762950f1edb49033f427b0d71;;;Where is the line between ADHD or similar illnesses vs. lack of motivation?;;;I've been looking up ADHD for a few years now and am convinced that I have yet. I have yet to be officially diagnosed, but hopefully when I go to my appointment tuesday, they will see that I do.  However, one thing that has been bugging me and conflicted me over the past few years, enough so that I did not go get tested, is where is the line between having ADHD and just lacking the motivation or drive to do things? I believe it's fairly common for us to do our hobbies/interest and actually be able to focus well on things we like, like browse reddit, play games, etc. But when it comes to work, school, social matters, we all seem to struggle. Indeed, rather than do the reading for a class, we'd rather read reddit.  So then, how exactly can we attribute this to ADHD? I found myself easily distracted and always doing other things than my schoolwork this summer. I had only one class that I needed to do well in, and I failed it. It's had a huge impact on my possibilities on major and I just have so many regrets... but I won't go into that.  Seriously though, my only duty was to do well in this class. I ended up spending most of my summer playing Diablo 3. I tried to do work, but rarely, and I was easily distracted and easily discouraged since I failed at breaking the work down into smaller bits, so I just always put it off.  My whole college career in general though has been somewhat like this. I am easily distracted and playing games most of the time, while my roommate is the opposite, always studying. He gets dean's honor roll, all A's, while having 20+ units, while me, I struggle taking 13 (minimum units) some of which are "easy" units (berkeley DeCal classes, student run). There's always the notion that if I had spent more time working, I would have done better.  So where is that point where it's ADHD that's hindering my progress, or my motivation, or wouldn't everyone kind of have a mental excuse that they're brain doesn't function to be motivated like that? If you tell a fat person or a smoker to stop eating so much/smoking, but he says he can't, what's being weak and what's a mental problem?  I don't know if I'm being clear...
