beaa5fa2f5edf14844ad0dc6d105b57245b3d1be002afad5314607703fc3a769;;;X-POST /r/Neuroscience: Not sure if this is the correct subreddit, but I have a question about my brain...;;;*1.*So, I was diagnosed with ADHD in kindergarden and i've been jumping around meds til around 9th grade where I landed on vyvanse, which is great it helps me laser focus and think way faster and react way faster than I could by myself. Sometimes I drink coffee which completely boost the bejeezes out of it and makes me feel like beethoven or something.       *2.*Anyways, I'm 18 and have a job as an IT coop and I want to go to college for computer science, I kind of what to do something white hat or to do with developing for phones. When I was in kindergarten I tested a 136 IQ and was labeled an abstract thinker or something? I failed most school and around 10th grade summer I started smoking pot which kept the failure going until second semester of my senior year where I got pissed off at how my life was going and quit, and got straight A's on my very last report card (woop).       *3.*I usually listen to music at work while I'm working on computer problems, I kind of coincide the music with my work so it cant be any music, I don't know how to describe it but songs with a beat like 5 bass thumps every 2 or so seconds kind of send like this weird focus, I kind of click to the bass and type to the treble and get this weird rythmatic fusion going? It's pretty weird. I quit going to my nuerologist because he overbooked his office and threw drugs at me to get the meeting over quickly (I was childhood friends with his son too so I can't imagine how he treated other people) My family doctor gives me prescriptions for the medication that worked at a lower dosage than the nuerologist gave me.       *4.*One more thing, I was really good at geometry and algebra as long as I'm like in the groove and focused but when it became overbearing my brain gave out and I couldnt focus and just played doodle jump and shit. When I got to adv algebra and trig I was trying my hardest but like, I don't know if it was enough. I didn't take math my senior year. So I guess my concern/question is do you guys think I can do a degree in computer science? Could I ever do something that requires that much intelligence and diligence?       BONUS. Fun facts: *1.* My brain has high alchohol tolerence and Low THC tolerance (relax I do neither anymore, but I plan to drink when it's legal for me) I had petit mal seizures when I was younger, I'm pretty sure I had one once when I smoked pot one time      *2.*I had undiagnosed depression until halfway through grade 12 from the end of 10th. Started with being cheated on by my 2 year girlfriend and having like super low self esteem, My doctor diagnosed me and gave me those zombie meds, quit taking them and kind of got pissed off at depression and then it went away after realizing I'm an alright guy.      *3.*My hand writing sucks balls      *4.*The only music I don't actively listen to is country polka and folk.      *5.*I got fired from a coney island      *6.*My mother conceived me on birth control and antibiotics      *7.*I had panic attacks for awhile until I started pot, and since I've quit they haven't really picked back up, probably because I learned to calm the F*ck down haha.
