bf60003f19e61b81a729702f26a3f0facd2eb48aee19dc7a494c6201d7dbdaeb;;;New(ish) to Adderall. Would like some answers and opinions.;;;Just got prescribed Adderall Xr and am on day 4 of 10mg once daily. I went to the doctor because I'm aware of my life long struggle with anxiety when it comes to events that are of importance to me, causing me to overthink, become stressed and sometimes fail. I also found it hard to focus. I would read a whole page in a book while thinking about something else and realize I didn't pay attention to anything I read.   The effects so far are working. I've ised Adderall before (Xr and Ir) and felt that hyper focus, ultra euphoric feeling but those were higher doses I think.   I'm here asking what you guys think/know about 10mg a day. My initial plan was to use it only when I needed to focus on doing paperwork or read as I want to become a realtor. It's day 4 in a row though and my doctor wants me to take it everyday so we can see how it works for a couple weeks and we will meet back up and talk about what I'd like to do next. I plan on staying on 10mg daily because I'm aware of how abused Adderall is. I am already addicted to dip (chew) and love my cups of coffee everyday (3 cups max). My anxiety is gone and that's because my overthinking has disappeared and I now have an unwavering confidence in myself. Of course I'd like to one day STOP taking Adderall and obviously nicotine but as I'm learning about my problems and facing them im not really sure what I'll do. I really like how relaxed I am and how I can snatch my thoughts out of the air instead of seeing them fly by. I will not surpass 15mg a day. I plan on being responsible and careful about my Adderall consumption. Will I be able to quit one day AND feel like my adhd has disappeared or at least turned down a bit? How dangerous is 10-15mg a day to my health? I see a lot of people talk about 60mg a day which makes me cringe. what's it like combining coffee, nicotine and Adderall? Am I even taking the right drug?   Sorry if I rambled a bit here. I enjoy practicing my new found ability to flood my thoughts. Thanks for reading.
