bfa3ff8fb1221ea92bed5156bd99b37bb90d799cf56b73bc5a1f148400349248;;;Help, please - Feels like I can't control rage, alternating between violent self-harm &amp; being a sobbing mess on the floor. Context in post.;;;Edit to update: Thank you. You all helped me stay calm(ish) through the worst of it; my doctor thinks it's mostly withdrawal symptoms from discontinuing lexapro too quickly. The cats have come out of hiding and I can hug my husband again so things are getting better. I'd been looking forward to being done with my old meds but that will just have to wait a few more weeks. Again, thank you!  Original post: Normally I can just acknowledge irritating things or frustration and move on but today it just keeps growing and won't go away. The only way I've found to keep together is by curling up in a quiet spot, sobbing it out, and trying to nap. From the moment I woke up it's been like this: I see something and it isn't perfect or convenient and I try to fix it but the fact of imperfection irritates me and pretty soon I'm slamming things, cursing, scratching my arms red, bashing my head with books or hands or walls, and the cats have run off under the furniture. This is all very, very unusual for me, I haven't been like this since high school over 10 years ago. Right now I can't go outside without looking sleeves or the word "fuck" and lots of red scratch lines will be visible. Self-harm is also very, very unusual for me.  I'm in the process of starting ADHD meds but because of prior depression my doctor and I are tapering off those (Wellbutrin &amp; lexapro) first. It's almost done and the only noticeable side effects have been persistent headaches, feeling cold, and falling asleep much faster than usual.  Has anyone else experienced this, or something like it? Even if you haven't quite been where I am would you please share how adjusting meds and resetting your personal normal has been? I'll be bringing this up to my Dr tomorrow but in the meantime I'm feeling confused and lonely.  TL;DR I'm diagnosed with ADHD &amp; in the process of weaning off antidepressants. I'm feeling extremely irritable &amp; uncontrolled, scratching myself, throwing things, hitting myself with books until the covers bend. Then I'll curl up in a sobbing ball. Wtf? Have appointment with psych. tomorrow.
