c00943ddb46c64442961783b125c32e0b76281715d1576d7a5441a13922cf5e5;;;How can I be the best husband that I can be despite the ADHD?;;;Hi all, first-time writer here.  I am getting married to my wonderful fiancee in three weeks. Our relationship is amazing despite being long-distance for the last year, and I can't wait until next week when I move out to be with her full-time!  Both of us have our share of mental health issues. For her, she's been working meds and therapy for depression and anxiety for five years. She's an absolute champ, and I am thankful for her proactiveness in taking care of herself. There are of course troubles with this sometimes, but she is great at self-advocating, and I work my butt off to do what I can to support her in her battles.  For me, my journey started three years ago with a major depressive episode, leading into a diagnosis last year of binge-eating disorder and depression. During therapy for this, I received ADHD diagnosis about three weeks ago. Because of this, my medication situation is still in a bit of flux, and I'm doing the best I can with what I've got until it stabilizes.  I've been doing a ton of reading since receiving the ADHD diagnosis, and I've seen a LOT of stuff saying it taxes marriages, as well as some strategies to deal with it. While my wife-to-be and I have excellent communication skills (from therapy and a general baseline of respect for each other and our needs), I am hoping to be just as proactive as her in dealing with possible troubles that could stem from my ADHD tendencies, including those that will directly affect our marriage.  As of right now:   -I'm building a lot more structure around my personal daily life, leading to significant improvement in memory and follow-through on tasks. She is very gracious with my forgetfulness, and she has helped me build and manage executive function as well as taking on tasks for which I am not well-suited (like serving as point person with the church paperwork).   -I'm also learning to advocate for my needs in task management without being passive-aggressive or combative, and my frustration and fear of failure as a result of forgetfulness is currently being attacked in therapy.   -We have already built the respect for each other's love languages into our relationship - despite my primary need for physical touch and her primary needs for gifts and acts of service, we each work to show love in the way the other can receive it rather than only in the way we want to give it. This in itself helps so much in resolving conflicts that we (and others) have experienced, and I am working to incorporate this into my structured plan of life to ensure that I follow through with acts of service and remember to give gifts appropriately (which I am normally terrible at remembering).  So finally, to the questions:  MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION: How can I be the best husband that I can be despite the ADHD?  Specifically, from ADHD partners, I'd love to know the following: -what are the best things you have done to help yourself be a better spouse? -What are problems you have faced, and how did you confront them?  Specifically, from partners of those with ADHD, I'd love to know: -What kinds of difficulties do you face in dealing with your spouse's ADHD, and what strategies do you use yourself to cope? -What can your ADHD partner do to alleviate the worst of it?  Any other general advice on this score would be greatly appreciated.
