c0b0fce428c929bbc3db5ad353eae8877d13a9d3c9277980a01728c7c94520c5;;;Hyperfocus/perseveration and medication: is it a problem of under- or over-stimulation? On meds, I can see it happening, but can't stop it. Off meds, I don't notice it until I've stopped. Any advice (for both on and off meds)?;;;I recently got diagnosed with ADHD-PI, and the meds are working wonders in my life. I pretty quickly got up to the max dose of Adderall XR that my psych was willing to prescribe (I'm unclear if 30 is a hard limit, or just the limit she has for me for the first "round" of prescripting) and when I went back, I explained it's working very well except I'm noticing hyperfocus on it. She said that's probably a sign of over-stimulation, but it keeps getting worse the longer I'm at this dose, and some of my other symptoms are becoming more apparent - notably, daydreaming, distractibility, and anxiety.  So now I'm trying to get a handle on what my "hyperfocus" actually is and if it's a symptom I always have dealt with, or a symptom occurring on the Adderall only, so I can discuss it estimate with my psych this week.  I've always struggled with "getting lost" in something to the point it consistently makes me late, because I massively lose track of time. It also makes others feel like I'm ignoring them, because I often can't put down my phone or book until I've reached a satisfactory stopping point in whatever I'm reading. Up until recently, I was calling that procrastination when it got in the way of me doing productive tasks. Now I think it's actually perseveration/hyperfocus and I just didn't have the right context for it.  While on Adderall, I seem to still have it, but it's like I can see it happening. There's two parts if my brain going at once - one that won't stop when I'm doing something, and one that is watching the clock going, "hey, if you don't stop now, you're going to be late to class again, which is ridiculous because it's a 3 minute walk from here." But no matter how much the logic yells at the focused part, I can't tear myself away until I'm already late and get that adrenaline shot of "you're going to miss the quiz or attendance now."  So I'm mainly looking to see if anyone else fights with perseveration even if they are recognizing that it's happening. If so, have you found a way to help with it?  Also, when I'm not medicated (in the evening for example) and unable to notice that I'm hyperfocusing/perseverating, does anyone have tips for my husband? It drives him up the wall. When he can't get me to stop doing something, but I can't find a way stop.  TL;DR Is it hyperfocus/perseveration if I know it's happening while I'm doing it? Im trying to figure out if my issues are under-stimulation or over-stimulation from Adderall. Does anyone have tips for dealing with perseveration (off meds) that might help my husband get my attention where it needs to be?
