c1ad8d7ed075175134472164b99d7bfcfb97024d741bbf73cf537a30ce04a82e;;;[Off my chest] Diagnosed recently, but with complications for meds;;;So, I've spent the last couple of weeks reading through the sub, and it seems like a delightfully supportive place, and therefore I feel comfortable ranting a bit here, as I think at least some of you will understand. (Though I'm still using a separate account, just because...)  I got diagnosed ADHD-PI a few weeks ago at age 31. Being a woman and always considered gifted, I've basically flown under the radar all my life, but I've also always been painfully aware that I was never performing as well as I felt like I could be... but who was I to complain, since I was always doing so well?  All in all, I was always managing with the least amount of effort, both academically and professionally. I've actually managed to hold down a well-paying full-time job for 10 years where I always get praise for my efforts... despite actively working *at most* 20% of the time I'm at the office - made worse by a somewhat recent office move where we now have an open office plan - curse the inventors of that!  I also somehow managed to get into university, despite never finishing high school (dropped out 3 times), and also managed to finish all my courses there (with grades ranging from A to D, depending on how much logic I could apply to the subject and/or how much I could ~~bullshit~~ cram the last few days before exams).   I always felt like everything was hard to start, I couldn't motivate myself etc. etc., but I never considered ADHD until I met my current bf, who himself has ADHD-PI, which of course led me to read up on it... and it was basically like reading about myself. I found my people! So yeah, I suspected it, but I was afraid that I wouldn't be believed if I went for a diagnosis.  I'm currently writing my final thesis, and it's just... not working out. Procrastination and fear of starting is keeping me from getting any work done, and it's making me absolutely miserable.  The feeling that everything was spiraling out of control more than ever finally led me to contact my GP, who sent me to a psychiatrist, who quickly diagnosed ADHD-PI (from an interview, no standardized test). The guidelines here say that if a psychiatrist prescribes stimulants, you have to get a few blood tests and an EKG done, so I did that as well.  Here's the thing. That EKG showed a 1st degree AV-block. In itself nothing to worry about - it's pretty normal, discovered randomly and gives me absolutely no symptoms and could very well be because I'm in quite good physical shape; however, it has delayed starting medication for a few weeks as psych wanted a go-ahead from my GP; precious time when it comes to my thesis, which is due in a month from now.  The end result is that I start medication in a week from now (methylphenidate, as that's what's available, and likely Ritalin to start - dexamphetamine is very rare and hard to get here, and Strattera is not a common choice either) - and the first couple of weeks I will have to go in for an EKG every day or two (thank fuck for socialized medicine, and that it's an in-and-out in 10min thing, and located 500m from my job).  All in all, I'm feeling a bit weirded out by the entire process:    - First of all, it felt really... transgressive talking about this with a stranger. My only other experience with the mental healthcare system was a visit to a psychologist 12 years ago in relation with a depression, and she was more interested in why I wore black clothes and if I had an eating disorder than actually listening to me, so I never went back.   - The feeling of relief when the psychiatrist agreed that I fit the diagnostic requirements of ADHD-PI, and that he could understand that all my coping mechanisms were only getting me so far, and that medication would probably help, was immense. It finally validated my feelings that there was something different about me; I wasn't just stupid or lazy.   - Suddenly randomly finding out that I have a heart problem, however minor it is, had me quite worried; not so much for my physical health, but that it might put a stop to being medicated.   - Hearing from my GP (not my psychiatrist) that medication was still a possibility, though it requires close monitoring to begin with, has made me somewhat hopeful again. Now I just hope that finding the right medication for me won't take forever.  All is not lost regarding the thesis. I'm still hoping I can finish it in time (and without pulling all-nighters a couple of days before like I would have done otherwise). It'll be hard work, but it's doable; and if not, it's not the end of the world as I can fairly easily postpone the deadline 3mths, but I don't want to, and it would be nice to finally have that sense of accomplishment; something to prove to myself that I'm not dumb.  And finally, it would be great to not constantly kick myself over not being able to motivate myself at work. To actually be able to work for more than 20% of the day. To filter out the distractions and not come home completely bombed out and unable to do anything else for the rest of the day.  So yes, I'm hopeful despite it all, and will definitely use this opportunity to build - and cement - some good habits.  Thanks for listening ;)  **tl;dr: Diagnosed ADHD-PI, but routine EKG prior to medication also discovered a minor heart problem, so the whole process has been a bit... bumpy.**
