c1c2b2223e4a8a126cc00bf83577611b9cf3fbeafc9fe04d9e854a57729f2cde;;;None of the stimulants work.;;;I'm 21 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD a month ago.  I've known I've had it my whole life but the nurse practitioner brought it up and recommended I get tested, so I did.  After I got diagnosed, I was prescribed Ritalin. Ritalin made me very sleepy, no focus, headaches, irritable, and depressed after it wore off.  I went back to the person and she prescribed me focalin and adderall generic (sand). She wanted me to try the focalin hoping it would work since she doesn't view adderall as the best substance. I agree with her.  I try focalin and the same thing happens.  I then try adderall and something fantastic happened. I sat still in class and focused the whole time. I had never experienced this before.  Next day comes, hoping for the same thing and it didn't do anything at all.  A week later, I tell her what happened and she upped my dose. She wrote another script for generic adderall 20 mg (teva).  So I first tried the new dosage with the sand generic and had about 25mg in my system. Same thing happens as the first time. Laser focus and sat relatively still. Not as focused as the first time.  I then tried the 20mg teva and all that happened was it made my body tingly.  It made me relaxed but I was still on the edge. I didn't notice anything at all. Still jumping from task to task, forgetting minor things then remembering them later. Attempting to clean my room and somehow end up buffing the entire dining room floor.  I was hoping it would help me with slowing down my body and keeping my mind on the task at hand rather than thinking about 20 different things at once. However it has only done that twice. The effects from the rest were so subtle that it didn't make any noticeable difference.  I am a college student and the professor stopped the class to tell me to stop talking. I didn't even realize I was being disruptive, talking, or anything. I felt like a 5 year old and wish that I could think about my actions instead of 50 other random irrelevant things at once.  Tomorrow, I'm seeing the doc again and I'm going to ask about either brand name adderall xr or vyvanse.   I'm looking for suggestions and help from others that experience this.  When I find something I like I can focus on it until someone says to me that it's 7am and I should go to bed. When it's something I like, I become a master at it. I am a software engineer and no problem can't be solved. I've been told by many people that I'm a genius but I feel so limited because I can't do the seemingly simple things that I label as chores.
