c2e08237fc236ec41be055f5064fb8ea607ca84050d8eaec156e7665ee0f1a17;;;Having difficulty working out what to do.;;;I mean in general!  I've been undiagnosed for 30 years, and recently started medication (ritalin).  Throughout the undiagnosed years, I have gradually moved into being more of a hermit. I found this to be the only solution to dealing with how differently my life worked to others. It was a massive strain to be around people who wanted to do things all the time, who did chores and had routines and knew what they were going to do with their days.  I have always filled my spare time with the internet. It's got to the stage where my time is divided up into two types: times I'm on the internet, and times when I'm not. And it seems now that the times I'm not on the internet, I see them as just interludes. Temporary pieces of time at the end of which I will be able to go back on the internet. Anything I can do concurrently with being on the computer, I do.  Internet-Shower-Internet. Internet-cook-internet. Eat while on the internet.  Internet-Work-Internet. Computer at home, smartphone if I'm travelling on a train.  Internet-see friends for day or two-internet. With interspersals of smartphone to stop me feeling anxious.  So obviously I have rather a huge internet addiction.  My problem now is that I want to tackle the problem. I want to reduce the importance of the internet on my life, and start doing other things with my time.  I want to be able to string together a bunch of things in a row without having to go back to the internet in between. I want to be able to get up, have a shower, do some chores, do some hobbies, visit a friend, come home, cook, eat, wash up, do some washing, and go to bed, without getting anxious or stuck.  But I have two problems here. First of all I automatically turn my computer on when I'm near it, which destroys the rest of my intentions. The other, and the one I hope you can shed light on, is that I can never work out what I'm going to do. I have a bunch of things I know I need to do, but I see them as kindof one-off things. So, once I've done my washing and cooking and stocked my cupboards and tidied up, there will be no chores left. What will I do then?  Basically I see a yawning chasm of time, and I don't know what to do with most of it.  What do people DO with their time??? Does leading a 'normal' life really fill all this time that I waste on the computer? (I know it's not all wasted time, but I'd say 3/4 of it definitely is) How on earth am I going to effectively replace any of it?  I think what makes me anxious is that I was never really able to look forward at long periods of the future before. The future was a theoretical place punctuated by plans that I'd made with others, and very few of my own plans. The rest of the future just felt like a replica of today, but dark and unknowable. Now I'm starting to be able to plan things for myself and to look at the general shape and direction of things in front of me, but I have nothing to populate it with. I don't know what I might do, so I'm afraid I'm going to continue to do nothing.  It's a huge amount of existential angst, I know!  TL;DR What do people actually **do** with all their time???
