c491bd37d2fa90f3a7b9938fa01bb4cac55afc5080fddd9ab9684004b54d39c2;;;Being treated like I'm trying to get a fix at the doctor;;;I am in my early 30's and was diagnosed as having ADHD and Major Depressive Disorder about 5 years ago. I was given a full evaluation such as the IQ test, the family history, the meetings over 3 months to discuss my daily life, the whole shebang. I was eventually put on 20mg of dextroamphetamine 3x a day (built up over time to see how I responded) and 300mg of Wellbutrin 1x a day by my then psychiatrist. This was at college so I'd have to get my prescriptions from my doctor when I was home.  Unfortunately my home doctor didn't like prescribing the dextroamphetamine because there is a drug problem in my area and I could tell that he didn't want to be doing it. He would always ask if it was "really necessary" and comment about how I wasn't currently working or in school. So I kind of just stopped asking for them from him because it was really stressful to have to explain myself each time as if I was a criminal.  Fast forward to today. No longer in school. I'm dealing with a shoulder injury that has already taken two surgeries and potentially will need another. I also struggle with increasing anxiety. I am now seeing a new doctor and he has sent me to a psychiatrist. I haven't taken any ADHD meds in the last year and a half or so, but have been on the wellbutrin the whole time, so I thought I would bring that up for discussion with the psych. He wanted to focus on the anxiety and the depression because he feels that's the "real" problem.  I had a bad reaction to the first anti-anxiety med he put me on so in my second meeting I again brought up that I feel like adhd is actually the larger problem in my life and that the anxiety and depression are exacerbated by my adhd symptoms. I did some research and found that vyvanse is also in tests to be used for major depressive disorder and might be a good fit. His response was "it's a stim. I could give anyone a stim and they would function better in their lives."  So again I feel like I'm having to beg for adhd medications, which also exacerbates my anxiety so I just don't. And then I feel defeated which exacerbates my depression... I just feel so stuck in my life because I can't focus on anything.  How do I get help for adhd without feeling like I have to defend myself at every turn?  tl;dr: Doctors think I'm just looking for a "stim" fix when I really just want to get my adhd under control.
