c60d9e6edb6cffd459bd49195a0fc49d92ba8adbce09012c774a8177d1dbd632;;;I can't do anything efficiently until last minute?;;;**TLDR: If I try to get a jump-start on an assignment, it is very slow going and the end product is not my best work. I can, however, develop a product that accurately reflects my intelligence *only* when under time pressure because I get into this "panic mode" in which my body almost forces me to focus because the alternative is failure. Anybody else?**  As a preface, I am a high school junior very recently diagnosed with moderate-severe ADHD-PI. This is all very new (and relieving) to me and I am attempting to gather as much information on the disorder as possible so I can find ways to cope. I am not yet medicated, but I have high hopes after learning the success rate -- I feel like it would be endlessly helpful.   When I have a boring task to tackle, such as school assignment, I find myself struggling to complete it unless I am doing it last minute. If I try to get a jump-start on something that is relatively easy yet uninteresting, it is a constant battle to maintain attention. My final product is fruit of a drawn-out, arduous struggle. Which, as you may imagine, does not exactly yield the best results. This kind of work is mediocre at best, littered with errors and sub par to what I know I can achieve.   It is when I procrastinate to the point in which I am sick to my stomach with nerves that I produce the kind of work that reflects my true capabilities. I am thrown into this kind of "panic mode" in which I realize if I don't do this now, I will FAIL. So I take a few deep breaths to try and calm myself, then proceed to complete my work in an uncharacteristically intense, focused frenzy. I retain more information, write more intelligently, express my ideas with more clarity, and, most importantly, finish my work at a normal pace. Instead of taking an hour to type an okay paragraph, laboriously forcing each and every sentence, I am able to bang out an intelligent, organized piece of writing in a fraction of the time.   So, basically, my entire school career has been a choice between completing my work on time, but in a frustrated, slow, and ultimately sub par fashion, or stress myself out to the point in which a "work now, you IDIOT!" switch is flipped in my brain, resulting in frenzied, anxious all-nighters in which I complete a paper that was assigned three weeks ago. Anybody else feel this way? Is this due to my ADD, or am I just a lazy procrastinator?
