c6881191a4e2f80a2845d1debe2def76cc364b52edff614e256e80aa0f40ee98;;;I want help but I can't get myself to get help.;;;Background: I was diagnosed with ADHD at a young age, and I have been dealing with it most of life. For most of that time, I never really had an understanding of what that actually meant. When I was put on medication, my parents pretty much just gave pills and told me I had to take them. No other explanations added that I know of.  Started with Concerta, and somewhere along the line I switched to Adderall (I hated both). Growing up, I was the kid who sat in the back of the class and didn't really talk to anyone and I was picked on quite a bit. When I was 15, I thought that it was all the meds fault that I was this way. I got my parents to stop making me take them.  It helped slightly in the way that I was a little more social (also the Adderall made me very paranoid). But hurt in other ways like grades slipping, lack of control over my emotions, and I've also grown up with a lack of control over my thoughts as well.  Within the past year or so, I've been studying up ADHD and symptoms among other facts and it has given me a lot answers to questions that I've had for a long time. I believe that in addition to ADHD, I have depression and anxiety to go with it. Though, being enlightened can only help you so much.  I'm now 20 years old and started taking Vyvanse about 2 weeks ago, first medication in 5 years (30 mg). Has helped a bit though I'm not sure it's the medicine for me. I'm really considering going to counseling and have been for a while. My parents have given me the option but I can't seem to pull myself together to do it on my own. I make up excuses for not doing it, like I don't want to spend the money, I don't have the time, and to me the biggest one is that I want to get through this without the counseling. I've really been adamant about that last one. Hell, the only reason I started taking Vyvanse is because I had a talk with my parents about some of the difficulties I've been having and finally got them to agree that I needed real help and that I wasn't just being melodramatic.  I'm really hoping to hear some of y'alls opinions on this. I've posted here before but never my story. Any feedback is appreciated!
