c6a0814a449ef3bb0df424a0a3563c3f0beb39329381a01fa120a95ab27e1ab6;;;Hello. It's me.;;;Hey guys. I found you a little while ago, and so I'm gonna tell you about me and how I'm doing.  I'm just 15 years old and I like computers and I'm from Europe. I hope my English is good enough, I learned it by Reddit, so thanks. People told me in German and English, that my sentences sound pretty childish, I hope you don't mind. They're misleading, they say. I got problems with any language.  I was diagnosed ADHD when I was 7 years old. It was the time I came back to my parents. I actually was raised by my grandparents, my grandmother was alcoholic. More often, she would be so drunk, that she just would lay around on the floor and shit her pants. Once she broke her leg because of that. My grandfather was also kinda harsh. He threw dinner onto my bed, so I could eat. He also shouted that loud, I couldn't develop speaking well enough.  My parents visited me and my sister like every day. They hated themselves, cause they depended on my grandparents. They knew I was so hyperactive and so on. They tell me now, I'd have been telling them about my problems from early on. I also like computers. They are fascinating. I started with computer with 2, or 4. My first machine was an old IBM PC, then a Windows XP. My parents knew something was wrong, they had a hard time when we would go on vacation. I'd do things really fast all day, and after around 1am I'd just fall asleep. Then, at 6am, I'm awake again. They were not happy.  My grandmother often told me, I shouldn't move so stupid. I was tilting for- and backwards. She just said, "Don't move like that, it's just done by morons!". The kids in my class also don't understand me. But they like me. I even go to a academic high school. I think it's called like that. I was the only one in my primary school. I do hard with talking to other people. My grandmother never got with me to a doctor. Or psychologist. Or whatever they are called.  I also hate school. Even tho I'm not that bad, I often get something like a 'bad point'. It's because I can't contribute in class. It's hard. You know working like a computer? It's like: Input? Yes? No?-&gt;wait(); It's calling wait all the time I have to be silent. And then I'm thinking. And then everything is going on in my head. My feet and hands start making music. I got music in my head all the time. Not like an earworm. It's more like the rhythm of my day. It's hard.  My parents are divorcing now. My father was in prison. He also got ADHD. Just without the H. My mother gave me a book about ADHD she bought when I was diagnosed. It's called ADD+H in there. It's the only book I'm able to read. He does understand many things in my disorder, but he's not the best in taking good care of the ones, he thinks I just made up. Like, I can't take responsibility in anything. More responsibility = less power = passing out. But he told me, we would fix that. I'm going to a psychologist next week or so. I was in a mental hospital for three weeks once and got Methylphenidate. It's pretty common here to get that drug when being diagnosed with ADHD. But my grandmother quit my therapy, she didn't like my behavior?  I like computers. When I'm working on a computer, I'm working as fast as my brain likes to. I like shortcuts on the keyboards and I'm programming in Java, PHP, and C. I'd like to learn Assembler, but I can't. I love Web Design. I just like that shit. Working with the computer is like telling the color of my desk. It's just like there for me, like talking my mother tongue. Or some people can listen to a song and tell you the musical notes. Wow. I was always impressed by them. I'd like to play the piano, but I couldn't learn that, I got a pretty low motor skill, even I'm good at soccer, when I'm getting the ball back to my team, else I don't know what soccer is.  The kids in my class are impressed by what I do, and how, but I don't know why. Some seem even jealous. They would tell me I got no hobbies, but that's just youth telling everyone they can't do something. I like girls much more than boys, I don't just mean romantically or in that kinda thing, but just talking with them makes much more sense. Except the two girls in class who are trying to catch other's attention by badmouthing. Yeah, thanks. You got me every time. -.-  Today, we had Math test, and at the beginning I couldn't read the text, because the Math teacher told the supervisor instructions. I'd have been strangling them, when they'd have talked any second more! It's fucking hard!! I can't do the test. I hate the Math teacher, he's like my grandmother, he can't accept his own faults, especially when told by me. What the hell, he made like three math problems, which are not even solvable. He's even more stupid than the geography teacher. And she's really thick.  I don't know why, I'm the only one dressing well in class. I'm the only one wearing a nice, long tie and a shirt. I like being complimented on it, It doesn't look nerdish, more fashionable. But why doesn't every one wear that. I don't understand. You could tell I'm really childish. I'm like stuck in childhood, I never gone beyond that very far. I mean, they laugh at me when I tell them my favorite programme is still SpongeBob SquarePants. I like him on TV. What the hell. That's why people might like me, but with that I won't go any far and I'm teased by that, I think. Have you ever been told of an SpongeBob-phile computer taking advantage of other computers to do useless tasks to be a computer? Sorry.
