c8b5ec3e3fa543854da867a59a87acf6c3ed77a32a8f751212b0359c49480624;;;How did I mess up my first job out of grad school so badly?;;;I'm in my 30s, diagnosed ADHD combined type less than a year ago, posted before about my work problems a month ago in this post: http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/1mtx4u/problems_at_work_even_on_medication/  I graduated with a master's in May after going back to school to change careers into a rehab therapist position. I work with patients in a nursing home. I had high hopes for this job--the pay is good, the facility is pretty and pleasant, and everything seemed good. Then things started going wrong. I don't have enough self-insight right now to figure out exactly how much I contributed to the problems, and how much was just due to weird/difficult work situations beyond my control. The two problems were productivity--taking too much time to do paperwork and not enough minutes with the clients--and interpersonal relationships. It seems like I made a lot of enemies during my 5 months there, and I'm not entirely sure why. If anyone who has experience/insight about ADHD and office politics and wants to PM me, I would be happy to discuss more details in private. On the public thread I want to avoid giving out details that could identify me.   I applied for another job doing the same type of work somewhere else, and got it, so I gave notice to my supervisor. I have a good feeling about my new supervisor so I think I'll get along better with her, but I still feel really sad and disappointed that this job didn't work out. Now that people know at work that I'm leaving, when they ask me about it I have to fight back the tears and feel so embarrassed to be emotional at work. Glad as I am to have found another job, I know I need to understand what went wrong at this one in order to not repeat the same mistakes.   Looking back I can definitely see how some things I did were mistakes, and they were probably due to being impulsive. I have a low tolerance for doing nothing, so I tend to do the thing that seems like a good idea at the time, even if it requires asking someone else for help. When I was new to the job I probably leaned too much on the other departments asking them for help and making special requests, and it didn't take long for them to start complaining about me behind my back and telling stories to my boss, making me sound as bad as possible. Sometimes the patients have complained about me too, saying I'm too perky or too "happy", or too pushy I guess?  But I'm under pressure to spend a certain number of minutes with each patient on my caseload to keep my productivity up, and if they really don't want to work with me I do let them skip it for the day or even quit altogether. Some of the people I work with are dealing with serious health issues and emotional losses, so they are sensitive to little things I don't notice and take offense when I'm cheerful (as is my usual personality). I took it hard when I heard this complaint and have been trying to tone down the perkiness when working with patients, but that makes me feel like a depressed zombie.    I should mention that I seem to have a good rapport with most of the patients I work with, about 80%, and it is only the minority of patients who don't always want to work with me (and these same patients often have issues with the other rehab therapists, too).    Since I posted last I had my dosage of Vyvanse increased to 30 mg. The sense of focus lasts longer into the day and it helps my organization and energy to get things done, but I've noticed being more weepy in the evenings since I increased the dose--could be more of a crash effect as it wears off, or could just be that I am more emotional with all of the changes taking place.  TL;DR Made enemies at work due to impulsivity, and some patients think I'm too perky and positive. How can I get people to like me better at my new job?
