cb229c2bce547092a605b093e67faebd2fb2a3506e2c1f3fcf3030a0dafe8e70;;;I'm really new at this whole thing. I was recently diagnosed, and not sure what to expect.;;;Well. This is all a huge, new thing and it's scary and exciting all at once.  Yesterday I was diagnosed with ADHD. I didn't suspect anything like this, I was in because I was depressed. But while I was there, I filled out a sheet where I said "Yes, I do this often, no I never do this, sometimes I do this", etc. Well, I said "I often do this" to all of the tell-tale signs of ADHD. The doctor explained a bit what was going on, and gave me a prescription for Vynase. I haven't started on them yet. Starting Saturday, I'm taking 20 mg every morning for 10 days and seeing him again.  I told some of my friends about what was going on, and some of them are... worried. Most of us aren't "normal", really, and they're concerned that taking this kind of medication will turn me into a mindless zombie. As well, a significant number of them are vocally against ADHD medication, claiming that there are better ways to deal with it. (I wonder if they realize that, though they're allowed to believe that, bringing it up after I tell them that I'm going to start taking ADHD medication isn't going to make me feel any better.)  Anyway, the reason I'm posting is that things people have said are awakening fears I didn't know I had. When they said that I would lose my personality, even though I know that's silly, it got me thinking. How much of the person that I know as "me" is the disorder poking through?  I don't want to go on the medicine and stop liking the things I used to like or (even worse!) find myself unable to find anything in common with my friends. We're all kind of weird, and I like that, but I'm pretty scared of losing them.  If I remember correctly, it said on the page I filled out that having difficulty writing a conclusion after all the hard work is done is normal for people with ADHD, so I feel no shame in what is probably going to be a shitty final paragraph.  I'm scared, and I'm excited, and I just need to talk. For 15 years of my life I've slipped through the cracks, and now I'm (kind of) getting a chance to be normal and I just want to talk to someone. You guys have all been through this (or something similar), and I figured this is where I could turn to. So... Hi! :)
