cc2fb6608bd20ac6014d43b368b631c7758733b1d4d08b72a42057b60af9e63e;;;I need some GOLDEN advice here.;;;Hello all. I'm ADHD comorbid with conduct disorder according to doctors. I have many other co occurring PDs developed due to the undiagnosed ADHD for so many years. I'm a total loser. Or so I thought. I have always wanted to have things, be successful, be liked, but I just can't do it! I cannot do it at all. Corporate rules frighten me, I cannot even control my impulses. I stand no chance at life at this point. I'm as low functioning as it gets and it sucks. I not only want my material values met to my expectations, but I want these expectations to be made through me. Not someone else. But I simply can't make it in this society. I do not mean to be dramatic but this is the conclusion I've subconsciously come to due to years and years of failure confusion and internal chaos. Doctors are still considering BPD DPD ASPD SPD and so much more due to my manipulative lustful nature. I don't know when I'm actively conveying thoughts or projecting what I want someone to see onto them. And then of course neither do my doctors. This is hurting the full diagnosis but I simply cannot help it! The only ambition I have is to have ambition. I'm not someone who enjoys being useless and taken care of. In fact it brings me too much shame to harbor. My mind just races and races it never stops ever it's not human like I am I need to sleep but it doesn't. I can read full pages of books and not remember a word of it and I can play video games in a zoned out state. My mind has utterly no focus power. I can't beat this world. It hurts so much. I want to beat it I want it to be a good time but I can't and it just isn't a good time. My whole life since kindergarten I've compulsively stolen, lied, manipulated, and been in pain. I'm still not 100℅ sure what has been manifesting in my mind and neither are the doctors. I've tortured animals suddenly a few times through my childhood and even right up until 17 (18 now with urges to keep doing) but I hate it! I'm a good bright and brilliant person underneath I can feel him I know he's there! But I can't unleash myself. I feel so impaired and helpless. I'm at the point of questioning my reality and having bad disconnections from reality as most people know it. I cannot control my emotions or actions and I certainly can't get a stable life going. I'm so lost I just want to scream and cry but I've internalized so much that I just can't. There's a lot more to this story but I always look over details so please feel free to ask.  Ps: I apologize for the messiness I can't help that it barely makes sense
