ccc8a659089646612f246b836138e4132f54988f09c5310bb0f6a3a81a79b3b8;;;False negative or should I give up?;;;I'm a high school senior. I got tested for ADHD a couple of weeks ago, which involved a brief patient history and a battery of tests. After weeks of waiting, I got the result back: not ADHD, just some minor depression and anxiety (not serious at all).  But I don't believe this result. There's a lot of behaviors I do that are just so similar. The chronic procrastination can be explained by other things, including laziness and depression(?) and anxiety, and my constant tardiness to my first class due to a complete inability to get up in the morning isn't technically symptomatic of ADHD.  But there's more than just that! I fidget with my legs or something in my hands (a pencil, cloth, etc.) all the time. I daydream very often, and if I'm alone when I do so, I pace or run around or jump off of stuff, usually without realizing I'm doing so. Also, caffeine seems to slow me down: I actually feel tired and give up if I get up to pace.  There's also reasons I may not have ADHD. I'm a pretty organized person, and I don't lose things that I need for class, and I don't think I'm forgetful. The caffeine effect could be placebo effect..  I think the report said that I did okay on the attention tests, thus the throwing out of this diagnosis, but I'm not sure. Even if that's true, how can I explain all these behaviors I have?  So how do I continue? Should I keep pushing that I might have ADHD, or do I give up and accept that the problems I have aren't due to a disorder?  tl;dr: I tested negative for ADHD, but I have lots of ADHD-like behavior. And some behaviors that aren't. Now what?
ccc8a659089646612f246b836138e4132f54988f09c5310bb0f6a3a81a79b3b8;;;ADHD or Normal?;;;I'm sort of lost..  After a psychologist's report that said I didn't have ADHD, I got referred to a psychiatrist for depression.  After I mentioned that I didn't feel depressed all the time, and that I felt like ADHD makes more sense. After about 15-20 minutes, he wanted to prescribe medications because I displayed massive procrastination, distractedness, fidgeting... He also said I didn't have "ADHD", but just a lot of the symptoms. It was rather shocking to me because it happened so quickly. I was expecting something longer that practically went over my entire life to try to figure it out...  He gave me Focalin XR for 30 days. First day was really weird. I felt like.. maybe zombie-ish for 5 hours, after which I was as hyperactive and daydreamy as ever (perhaps more?). I thought it wore off, but then at the 12 hour mark, I had palpitations and insomnia and such. This scared me away for about a week. After I started taking it again, I didn't feel any of these things, but I also didn't feel like it helped any of the ADHD-like things very much. The one exception is that after I took it in the morning as my alarm went off, it's almost trivial to get up 30-45 minutes later (whereas before, it was absolutely impossible). I also wasn't able to fall asleep again like I usually do, which doesn't make much sense because the pill probably hasn't had time to dissolve or whatever yet.  So I'm thinking of finding a new psychiatrist because this 30-minute appointment seemed irresponsibly fast to diagnose me (or rather, not diagnose me?). Another issue is that I don't really care about meds. I just want to know whether it was ADHD holding me back all these years.  I'm still somewhat at an identity crisis with that. The psychological report said I don't have it, but I find my scores rather odd. I took two intelligence tests. One scored me at 127 (not administered face-to-face, was via computer) and the other at 109 (through the psych). However, from the WAIS, my working memory was 102, and my processing speed was 89. However, my other tests seemed to go okay. The Connors Continuous Performance Test said everything was average except for one score of impulsive on one part. The final conclusion was that attention-demanding tasks were my worst scores but not deficient enough to be disorder-level.  But I still have all these issues. Looking back on my transcript, so many of just my good grades were borderline, only low As because I either did near-perfect on tests or made up a bunch of work at the last second. And chronic tardiness to school because of issues getting up have plagued me since 8th grade and have gotten me detentions, failing grades, and in-school suspensions. And (usually in private) I daydream constantly, and if I get too lost in that, I'm running around and jumping on things and not even aware of it. And I fidget a lot (tap my leg, play with my shirt or some fabric, etc.)  But then when I see someone else mention that they procrastinated the entire night or keep hitting snooze, or see someone tapping their foot, I get discouraged and think that maybe I'm just normal and failed all this time because of my own willpower or whatever. It's getting tiring not having a yes or no diagnosis..  (Well that was a rather long and scattered post...) tl;dr: I don't have ADHD. I got meds. I still think I have it. But what if I'm just regular? And how do I figure it out when the process of going from doctor to doctor is taking so long? :(
