cd389c72a3295b2c4bf76e73b7eeab2a41f15463a9071037acc3f3d2536a9e46;;;ADHD and Med School?;;;I'm a pre-med student, recently diagnosed with ADHD-PI. Still figuring out medication and the like, but so far things are going pretty well on that front. However, though medication is helping, it's not fixing everything.   The biggest problem is insomnia. Most nights without any sleep aids I take anywhere from 3 to 8 hours to fall asleep. Sometimes I simply don't sleep until the middle of the next day. I will reset my sleep schedule for a while, only to find it quickly spiraling back out of control. So I can't realistically take any morning classes.   I'm still trying to find some sleeping medication that works; Ambien and Lunesta might as well have been placebos for all the good they did. I just started Vistaril, we'll see if that does anything for me. I've tried lots of the non-drug treatments as well; meditation helps some, but is difficult and doesn't do all that much.  To cut to the chase, though, my question is this: Are there any pre-med, current med students, residents, doctors, or students in comparable programs who have ADHD and have any tips for me? Is it even realistic to want to go to med school with ADHD? It already caused me to fail out of undergrad once, and I'm still recovering from that; I'm terrified of failing again, especially in such a high-visibility and high-stakes kind of place.   I know being able to be awake in the morning would be necessary, so I'm not going to even apply until I have figured out the insomnia at least a little. But there's other stuff I can see being a problem, and studying that amount of material for that long seems like an enormous challenge even for someone without ADHD.  EDIT: I just started on Vyvanse 60mg, have taken Ritalin and Strattera in the past (but not simultaneously, obviously). The Vistaril is up to four 25mg capsules, taken at bedtime.   **TL;DR:** Med student hopeful with ADHD including major insomnia. Is med school realistic, even possible? Any helpful anecdotes, tips, experiences, etc.?
