cdf57e7b4588f947367d4425b67044058d85b14369f9e76ab03a36b9569d9b52;;;I've hit a dose of adderall that is actually working - but I'm focusing on all the wrong things?;;;Hi friends,  I've been taking Adderall XR for over a year and I'm still titrating up. I spent a long time at each dosage level because I was never really sure if there was a difference. I figured since I have so few responsibilities in my life right now, it was just hard for me to see the difference if there was one.  Then a week or so ago I went up to 25mg. For the first time I'm confident that there is a difference but I'm not sure it's good. I've been hyperfocusing more than usual, and with more extreme consequences. This week I:  * didn't eat anything before 5 PM most days (loss of appetite from the medication played a role here, but it's also that I knew I had to eat and didn't because I was so absorbed in whatever I was doing on the Internet) * showed up an hour late for a volunteer shift (new low, way lower than my previous new low), because I couldn't make myself stop what I was doing and leave on time * was given an urgent task to do at work, went back to what I was doing and immediately forgot about the urgent thing - did I mention it was urgent?? * missed my stop on the bus and didn't realize it for 15 minutes, which put me 20-30 minutes behind schedule for going to *BABYSIT*. The rest of the bus ride I kept thinking "how do people think I'm responsible enough to look after their children!?" and that sort of thing. I hate feeling like that. That was the last straw for me. I'm normally very anxious about missing my stop so this was completely out of character and it convinced me that all these things listed couldn't have been coincidental.  Every time I see my psychiatrist she asks what *I* think we should do (increase the dose, stay at the same one for another month, maybe try a different medication entirely). I have a feeling she'll do that this time, which is why I'm posting here in advance to be more prepared. Sometimes I wish she was more authoritative.  **I guess I'm looking for advice from people who have been in a similar situation. If you felt like Adderall was working, but you weren't getting "positive" results - did you need to adjust your habits to compensate (if so, in what ways and how did you get yourself to actually stick to the new routine)? Should I try a higher dose? How exactly did you decide when you were at the *right* dose? Thanks!!**  PS sorry for posting twice in two days - didn't see a rule about this and my last one was a discussion not a self-post, so I figured this was fine? Having a particularly eventful week ADHD-wise.
