cec54056bbd1a1dffcefa07cf73dd8e4e5a9743550b331b9a7424953e5442564;;;[Rant/Ask for Advice] Worked extra hard last semester, still flunked more than half of my subjects and is now kicked from my engineering course. I'm getting close to ending my pathetic life, but I still want to fight. How do you guys cope without meds?;;;Disclaimer: I haven't been diagnosed, but I'm saving up to see a psychiatrist so that, if confirmed, I'll be able to take meds and perhaps fix my life. I just want to know how to cope with things in the meantime.  I'm a 4th year engineering student, and for the six semesters I've spent in uni, only two have fully-passed units. Last semester, I flunked so bad that I broke some retention rules in my degree program, and got kicked. They didn't approve my appeal. I'm planning to appeal again.  Anyway, *I am so fucking done with this bullshit I have to put up with everyday*.   It's always a daily struggle to keep up, I'm always forgetting everything, during class I have to take notes to keep my attention but my attention goes to maintaining a pretty handwriting instead, otherwise I just stare blankly at the slides.  I always don't know where to start. I have to finish everything all at once because I will forget them all if I don't. I do pomodoros where I alternate between tasks so that I get to make progress in everything at once. That way I get to study at least one or two topics per subject every weekend, even if they're not all completed.   I've been trying to maintain a bullet journal, but I always lose track every other week. I've been trying to stay healthy so that my mind will stop fucking me up, I've been writing little notes all over the place to guide myself, I've used every single productivity/habit-building app in the play store, set so many alarms that I end up ignoring, I don't know, everything???   I don't know anything. I'm always called an airhead. Because I always don't know what I'm doing or where I'm going. I always don't understand. I always don't remember. I always don't notice. I can't focus on anything. I need some of those ADHD meds they take, I just want to be able to *know* and *remember* and *understand* and *realize* things that seem so obvious to everyone else. Why can't I?   I'm worried about what will happen to me if I can't be prescribed those meds. I'm worried about what will happen to me if I can't reappeal or shift in time. My life feels so worthless, I feel like the world doesn't need someone as stupid as I am.   I remember my professor laughing at me when I consulted him for the exam, because I didn't realize that current density is density.   I remember being ashamed of everything I am, of everything I will never achieve anymore.   I told them that I did work hard. I told them that I love my course and I want to stay and that I will work extra hard. They didn't believe me. They said my academic performance doesn't reflect any interest or effort I claimed to have. It's so frustrating.  I don't know where to go anymore, I'm more clueless than I've ever been in my life, and I'm running out of hope. I've always considered ending my life. But I'm going to keep fighting. Maybe somehow I can get myself out of this hole?  How do you guys cope without meds? I'm just so lost, I feel like I've tried everything and yet nothing works. I feel so hopeless.  How do I go on? T_T  TL;DR not yet diagnosed but saving up, flunked sooo baaad, kicked out of degree program, want to die because fk im such an airhead i dont know what to do with my life, gib me some meeeds AAA how do u cope without it tnx  P.S.sorry if it's incoherent or anything i hope it makes sense somehow hahaha thank you very much for reading until this point  also i was too lazy to make a throwaway, so if you know me irl (since i've been pretty specific i think), pls pretend you didn't see this post aight?
