cf3a7a37f2e26f37a57b4882eb5493941e6b86f68b0201998e8dd5b8a9325b92;;;I'm not sure what to do.;;;I'm going to try and keep this tl;dr as possible.  I have been diagnosed in the past with GAD and depression, I also suffered from some other issues which was being narrowed down to either bipolar disorder (mother is diagnosed) or adult ADD. I was on Straterra for a brief time, but my insurance ran out and so did my pills. The more stress I was under, the worse things got.  I went into a hole of depression due to being laid off, went through many different symptoms of either ADD or bipolar disorder and while some of it was beneficial, other times it was not. I would focus hard on learning new things, but got really distracted. I work in information security and the time I had while being laid off and hyper stressed helped me get this career. Stressors are piling up and the symptoms have started flaring. I have suddenly been asked to increase my responsibility at work and I have a significant workload now. As more work gets piled on, the more I get stressed, the less work I do. I have a lot of anxiety writing this post right now thinking about it all.  Now that I'm thinking of this, it may be an anxiety thing. I freeze in the face of stress.  I have no idea what to do. I am having a very difficult time settling on a doctor. I stare at the screen for my insurance company, unable to make a phone call because I have no data on these people or my options. Then I fall into the trap of Googling these people to learn more and then somehow end up on Reddit again...  This is at a boiling point. I have a very important report for a client due today, as well as recertifiying my entire company for a program and a bunch of testing for clients. I am going to fail at a few of these tasks today and I face consequences.  I have taken adderall recreationally in the last few months, but I was hung over and sleep deprived, so I couldn't quite feel the effects.  Does anyone have any good input for me? I live in the greater Orlando area, if anyone can recommend a doctor, I'd appreciate that as well.  edit: felt compelled to edit this to include that my experiences echo most of the "do I have ADD" threads or experience threads. Gifted child, no motivation "He could succeed if he tried". I am a very smart person, but I have a difficult time succeeding in life.
