d005797885aef06a9104a5876e9a6766b1ae09c1ed56d05e58f107ee4816258d;;;How can I drive better and not cause an accident like in this video?;;;I hate driving because of the risks. I can barely speak with a GF sitting next to me. It sucks.   Here's what I do. Every so often I hear about accidents and I watch a video. It helps me to prepare for when I get behind the wheel. I hate being this way but I want to improve. I read stats and I ask myself questions like below. Since I can't drive with you to an accident watch the attached video.  This stat scared me!   &gt;[Overall, having ADHD increased a man's risk of a traffic crash by 47 percent and a woman's risk by 45 percent, the researchers found.](http://www.webmd.com/add-adhd/news/20140129/drivers-with-adhd-may-be-at-higher-risk-for-serious-crashes)   I have been in too many car accidents. While I have never been found responsible (only one no fault) I have been a passenger or driving when hit close to 10 times. The last time a young woman turned right I to me when I was going 40 mph. Totalled my car and cost me a fortune even though she was found at fault and had insurance. She was texting. And she was so out of it she told me she had done the same thing two months earlier. You should have seen the look on her poor father when he pulled up to two more totalled cars.   I have my issues with adrenaline. Ever since I can remember I have pushed things too far. My friends and I have done some risky things and usually got off unscathed. That said there have been too many occasions when i have honestly wished i could turn back the clock for something i have said or done out of impulse.  I'm not saying I don't have fun. I just dont make driving my source of fun. Out of all the crazy things ive done in pursuit of adrenaline free diving at night in the Pacific ocean is probably the top. You can only see that beam of light in front of you! I've only gone a handful of times.  I have to make driving an exception in my life. I have to slow down and do my best to solely focus on driving. Call it mindfulness or paranoia! There have just been countless times I've wished I could have had an undo button for real life. Nope. Hasn't happened for me yet.   Try this excercise.   [Removed video.]  While watching the first video (not gory, just a car crash) I couldnt help but ask myself the following questions:  * Did she mean to hit a parked CalTrans truck on the side of the freeway? * Did she regret speeding in a rented van with two passengers? * Did she say she was pregnant when on the gurney? * Did she get the optional insurance when she rented the van? * Did she realize that her personal car insurance most likely won't cover this? * Did she realize the rental company will want her to pay for all costs until paid? * Did she realize there were four people in the CalTrans truck? * Did she knows the extent of the injuries she caused the CalTrans worker on the gurney? * Did she have any idea how serious the concussion is for that worker? * Did she think when she decided to drive that she would change the lives of so many people?  I am sure she has many more questions racing through her head. She too must wish that she could go back in time. But she can't. Neither can I. None of us can.  Everyone is different. My friends would probably laugh at this. But if you've ever wished you hadn't  had said or done something after it was too late, you know why I posted this. I wanted to write this down in the hopes I might be a little more careful and live to dodge another accident.  No excuse or diagnosis is worth the cost of wishing I would've done things differently.  What do you guys do to avoid accidents? I live in socal and I swear it's like that classic video game *Frogger* except I'm driving with traffic!
