d089fdc9bd3baac08ff94b7a7588075e58dd611c48026ac79996bc19da45fbf4;;;A bad psychologist experience (you are not add!);;;I am mid forties. I was diagnosed add maybe 15 years ago. I have a very intellectual job and I really struggle. I have had one of the worst years of my life (other stuff as well as the add/work stuff), and was recently not feeling I could go on.  My workplace offers a free psychologist. Figured it was free, had nothing to lose.   The personal stuff I have been going though recently is humiliating. I was very depressed with zero self esteem and was nervous about getting my whole story out to this guy.  He spent the first few minutes big noting himself. Then, very early on, he told me with complete surety "You do not have ADD" Evidently, my problems are because of Aspergers!  It seems that, as low as I was feeling, I just wasnT keeping up eye contact.So that was that. Aspergers.  Were you a loner as a kid? Yes. Aspergers!  I was a shy and anxious kid who would hyperfocus on hobbies and interests. I never had any fixations as he insisted I had. I never talked fixedly about my narrow interests as he assured me I would have.  My problems are evidently  just that I didn't fit in "You just don't fit in", Why? because Aspergers.   I have a small number of close friends. I am socially nervous and have a bad self image. But no, you don't fit in because you have Aspergers, like 25 percent of people who come to me. . Also, I am evidently stubborn, because Aspergers. Why am I stubborn? "Because you you were coaching me to say you had add. Clearly your psychiatrist diagnosed you because you coached her"  While he was talking to me a bird loudly crashed into the window.  I looked at the window when i heard the crash. "what was the second thing I just said?" I could repeat it. So clearly I did not have add or the bird would have distracted me and I would not have heard his simple English.  I just want to point out I think Aspergers people, in my experience, are pretty cool. I do not think they are known for there diplomacy, or are peopke 8thers turn to for advice when they have to deal subtly with difficult relationship and emotional issues. Maybe I am wrong!  Oh, and my son who I briefly described to him has Aspergers too! Yay.
