d24e740bfdb5e38833380c86fbe170669b376d7d6dda1b6a798562508a3c5085;;;I've been having low blood pressure on Vyvanse. Is this normal?;;;(reposted with new title)  I'm currently on Vyvanse 40mg (got prescribed about 1.5-2 months ago), and I've noticed my blood pressure is really low...I think. When I stand up or do much walking, I get a tiny bit lightheaded.   I've also had two episodes so far where my vision sort of shifts and I start hyperventilating.   The first time (last Friday), I was feeling a bit of GI discomfort (odd because I hadn't eaten *too* much that day) and when I bent down and sideways in a funny way to type on my laptop, I suddenly felt like I was about to puke. By the time I reached the toilet with a cooking pot in my hand, ready for leakage from either end, my vision was twisty and dark. I'd just managed to bark out to my mom that I wasn't feeling well, and I'm surprised I managed to get that out. I sat on the toilet with my face in my hands, elbows on my knees, breathing hard through my nose, for next five minutes or so.  The second time, last Sunday, I was enjoying a nice shower when I felt the feeling again (minus the nausea). *Oh no,* I thought, and I went to grab my towel and run for my bed, but it was not to be. I either lost control of my leg muscles or caught my flip-flop on the wall of my bathtub and went down. My legs were shaking while I was down, and the only thought that was running through my mind was *I can't control my body.* (I actually could after a few seconds, but I think the shock of losing my balance rattled my attic a little) Oddly enough, though we have a tile floor, the fall didn't hurt and I only have a colorless bruise on my left shoulder. I spent a few seconds on the floor before I could push myself up and put some towels on the toilet so I could sit. I spent the next five minutes in the same position as the previous episode, then stood up, washed my face, and wobbled back to my room.   This hasn't happened since Sunday.  More info:   These both happened at about 1am, so would tiredness have something to do with it?  My appetite has been kinda low, so I thought blood sugar might play a part too.  I'm on Celexa 20mg, if it helps. The first incident also happened a few hours after I took two capsules (not sure of the size of them) of sodium docusate.  I've had some difficulty with urination in the past few days too - I just peed for the first time in at least two days, maybe more. It didn't hurt or anything, but it seems like I've gotten a bladder of steel.  I've got a normal build-5'6.5, 150lb, female.    **TL;DR: I get lightheaded a lot and had two episodes where I became dizzy and my vision darkened.**  Does anyone have any experience with this? Does it go away after a while? I don't want to pay for an appointment with my prescriber only to find out it's nothing...  Thanks!
