d25e29c19f9215f15cf2cf6d9ad63825c7cca7aa259e56d3ffc6ea7434319550;;;Ritalin shortage rant and the following aftermath.;;;Just needed a place to vent/complain where someone will get what I'm saying,   Well it's been about 3 weeks since I've had my meds because:   "Our supplier has a shortage and we don't know when we will get any in stock haha lol XD"  -funny ditzy clerk behind the pharmacy register  I don't blame her, she's nice, she's caring, she doesn't give me that look when I say I'm here for my Ritalin pick up/drop off like other pharmacies, she's a delight to talk to a great pharmacist and has the best banter. 10/10   For the first week or so I handled it, I stuck to my routine, kept lists upon lists of daily activities and things that need to get done, it's rough but the new skills I developed while on my medication are helping, things are getting done.  Second week things start falling apart, forgetting important tasks, getting harder and harder to get out of bed on time, forgetting car keys 3 or four times a day, Reddit is becoming a severe time waster, people are slowly noticing my inattention and my newly acquired set of skills are quickly faltering.  Week three I'm a wreck, close friends of mine are trying to help keep me together, waking me up, leaving notes of where my keys are. Acquaintances think my problems stem from Ritalin being a crutch/addiction and that I'm going through withdrawals, and that I need Jesus/Hulk Hogan/Booze to help me through my tough times.(Not saying those last two won't help)  I have started 6-8 projects and have gotten no more than 3-4% complete so far, I have ordered 3-4 arduino boards and 15-20 servos, batteries, and connectors for a project that is very poorly defined.   I have sent 3 order forms this week to the 3D print lab and two have been returned for not having a file attached, in fact as I write this received another email saying my print order from this morning is empty......  My skills are pretty much useless at this point as I spend more time finding and losing my notepad and pen then actually writing on it, I'm barely coping.  I doubt anyone will read this but if you did read to the bottom thank you for your time, I'm sorry this probably was very boring for you and full of grammar/spelling errors, you should probably get back to work before you get in trouble haha =).  Tldr: A telling of how the structure I have carefully and painstakingly built over the past 3 years of meds and therapy burns down around me over the last 2 weeks. Haha lol XD!!  It is humbling and obviously a good learning experience. I wish it on no one.
