d27f04858cc28109e6888fef19845b5af81fe70eb1ea81f2c066ca6e9a28c3fb;;;Need help adjusting to university life.;;;So, I got through A levels with three A's in Chemistry, Physics and Maths. To be honest, physics and maths required little work, and I even got a C for my last physics test yet got high A overall. Chemistry took a lot of work to drag my grades up from a low B to the A I needed, and involved a bunch of retakes along with my last set of tests, but I put in the work, it paid off, and, as well as feeling really proud with myself (chemistry is tough as nuts, an A is an achievement for anyone) I made it into the top University for Mechanical Engineering in the country.  So I thought everything would turn out great: I'd overcome my ADHD at a medication level I was happy with (I no longer felt too messed up when on Ritalin) and overachieved, and made it into a course at a great university where the course was all about the things in physics that I am most interested in, maths (which I would say I am naturally talented at, I always finished my work in class, and was prompted by the Head of Maths to do an AS in further maths, even though it was completely unnecessary), and also electronics (which I have kind of taught myself since year 9, for hobby projects).  However, since arriving, I found it increasingly difficult to turn up to lectures or classes, and within a month was proud if I turned up to one lecture that day. I find it really difficult to get up in the mornings without my mum nagging me (I did buy an alarm clock with powerful vibrator that goes under the pillow and shakes you awake, definitely gets me awake in the morning, but I still can't stay awake), and have found it impossible to get to sleep at night. Even though before I was prescribed melatonin to help me sleep, recently it's been much worse. I've even ended up staying awake all night several times since starting at uni.  It's been really tough to get any work done, which is out of character for me even with the ADHD (considering this is the stuff I read about for **FUN** throughout secondary school) and as such have missed like half of my coursework. Also, I am seriously behind on my maths, where we are supposed to study a module then do a test each week (I  mean, they're getting us to teach *ourselves* maths. Fuck.). So yeah. Since starting in October, I have ended up learning very little, and I hate that I'm fucking up so badly something I was good at in the past.  Lastly, something that has turned into a real bitch, is my inability to eat. It's like, I'm really hungry and my stomach is really shouting at me to eat, but there's this really weird mental block that I just can't put the food into my mouth, and if I did, I couldn't eat it. I think what helped me to eat lunch in the past was the routine, that it was lunchtime and everyone was eating, so it was easier to force down food because it was an idol process, but there isn't a "lunchtime" anymore. Seriously, I could take a stake into a 4 pm lecture and eat it if a wanted.  So, I guess any and all advice would be awesome. It really sucks that I thought I pretty much had ADHD under control, then have it come back with a vengeance. But, I am really struggling with this, and I'm not really sure what to do.
