d2b43d67aae2b4ae64a54cd6e39fa49b232fecb014874e75ad88be051e539774;;;I feel like nothing will be able to help me;;;Hello. I'm 20F, ADHD-PI, going to University but honestly I'm already feeling like giving up (I don't plan on actually doing it, but the feeling is definitely there).   I've been wanting to try out meds for over a year now, with no success. I'm a case of "always did well in school until college". Because of that, I was denied a diagnosis. They say I should be able to get over this without any drugs since I always have. They blame things other than ADHD for my problems too: stress, negative thinking, not liking school...   Honestly, I don't even know what to believe anymore. I'm afraid drugs won't help me. As they told me, "meds aren't the solution, you have to work on your own problems". What if they're right? It might fix my attention, but it won't keep me from being a disorganized and procrastinating mess. I'm afraid it won't even fix my attention at all or give me terrible side effects.    I've been in therapy for 2 years, discussing ADHD for about 1 year. Hasn't been of any help. This isn't CBT, just regular talk therapy (I don't know what it's supposed to be called). My therapist is having a baby just now that I've reached my breaking point too.   The thing is that I'm seeing a new psychiatrist on Monday. I'm so scared of so many things. First of all, I'm scared of not being able to tell her my whole story. I'm terrible at expressing myself. My mind might go blank too, like it usually does. Or she might not want to listen and just tell me everything I've heard before. There's so much that could go wrong.    And what if I get the medicine and I just fuck it all up? I'm afraid I might. My mom told me I'm only getting this chance too.   I can't even think of studying and it's not ADHD anymore at this point. I just feel sad and hopeless. And I like what I study too, I really wanted to have a good career. Maybe I could if I "tried hard enough". But I don't think I have that kind of strength. I hate that I'm falling right into the "smart but lazy" stereotype. I may never reach all that amazing potential they said I had. The potential was just a myth, a lie, a mistake.
