d543fbdf713cd09ba869d794f5af69184a3319d50c2b7c51ae075932c709988f;;;My doctor and I had an interesting discussion about ADHD and breakups this month;;;First time posting, sorry if this has been brought up.  So I recently broke up with my SO.  Well, recently as in back in January/February, but it still feels pretty recent.  I ended up telling my doctor at our routine visit, and how I felt kind of...  weird that I didn't feel sad about it, other than maybe on one or two occasions.  Unrelated to ADHD, the details are that my SO basically never wanted to spend time, but I always did.  We had different drives, too, but basically while we had much in common, he just never really wanted to be around me.  So I guess I got "used" to him not wanting to spend time, until out of the blue (to me) he suddenly did, and I felt enough was enough - I didn't want to play this game of "Will he want to spend time?  What do I need to do to get his attention?  Am I just not good enough?" (this is already bad for someone who has self esteem issues).  Well, long story short, this is after I'd been on a steady dose of Concerta for 2-3 months (previously, I'd only taken it every couple of days, so I never felt the "full" effects, apparently).  The issues in the relationship had been ongoing for years at this point - so my doctor found it FASCINATING that I chose NOW to end the relationship (well, a few months ago).  According to him, it's not unheard of for an ADHD person to just suddenly end things when they are receiving proper treatment - it's almost like you "forget" that you're miserable, or start focusing on something else, and that the breakup kind of falls under "getting things done" (in a sense).  Anyway, what brought on this post is a thought today - I realized I don't tend to have too much trouble moving on from relationships, even ones that lasted years.  I'm wondering if this is unusual...  Because I'm wondering if its similar to the focusing thing my doctor mentioned?  On the other hand, I WAS "used" to not having my SO nearby, so I guess moving on from that isn't too difficult.  Tl:Dr: Doctor said that it's not unusual for an ADHD person to end a crappy relationship shortly after receiving proper treatment.  Also, DAE find themselves moving on pretty quickly?
