d5c45f2348aa7efd01de0518d3c3ac79f781346e8059d16583abbe96554db7c7;;;how I feel about my recent diagnosis (slight rant);;;Relief: I finally know that it's not all in my head. I can create an actual workable plan for the future. I now know that my previous failures were not fully due to me being lazy and that my successes were hard earned. I have an explanation for many of the things that have frustrated me about myself and my academic life.   Anger: I'm mad. I'm mad at myself for not seeing a doctor a year ago when I first read the symptoms of ADHD and saw myself in them. I'm mad at the teachers who wrote "very smart, makes careless mistakes. frequently off task and talks too much in class" on every report card but did not suggest that something more was wrong. I'm mad at the school system that does not train them to look past the stereotype of what an ADHD person is like. I'm mad at my parents for not noticing. I'm mad at my mom especially for saying over and over "you're a very lazy girl" when I was a child and a teenager, embedding those words into my psyche. I'm mad at myself for being mad at these people when it's not their fault that it took me more than 21 years and all but my last semester of college to be diagnosed.   Nervousness: I'm starting medication on Wednesday and I'm nervous about side effects. I'm nervous that I might have an experience like my brother did (his short time on ritalin induced a manic fit that ended with him physically injuring his former best friend). I'm nervous that my friends and classmates are going to ask me if they can buy my meds off of me. I'm nervous of the people who will inevitably believe that ADHD is made up.     Hope: I'm going to grad school soon. I feel hope that I can show improvement in my last semester of college. More than that, I'm hopeful that I can use that to show that I am capable of much more than my gpa would suggest, hopefully getting me into a better grad school than my GPA would necessarily earn on its own merits. I'm hopeful that I can get my life together, get myself out of debt, keep my apartment organized, and be on time to class and work. I'm hopeful that the future will be better.
