d6b51a36eda7699e94298ed45753f76be931777fc0cd1f7c58cf79ef987ba9bd;;;The biggest accomplishment in my life;;;Hello everyone! I wanted to share a short story about my struggle with ADHD. I was diagnosed with ADHD around the time I was 8 years old and was put in a special education program for most of my education until junior year of high school. I always felt personally that I didn't have a unique skill set or anything that I was good at because the time it took for me to learn things. For those not familiar with special education programs is typically the majority of your time is spent in the same classroom for most of the day with periods inbetween that you go eat lunch or you are taking an elective class with the rest of the school integrated. By the time I reached high school I was asked what electives I could take and since I was a freshman and had not proved how well I would perform in a regular class I was only given 1 choice. I had spent a good majority of time looking through the syllabus and wanted to take a foreign language class. My special education teacher incharge of my education plan and had full reign over what classes I could take and had told me no. When I asked why my teacher had stated with my disability I would not be able to comprehend the language and be able to pass it at the same pace as other students. So I decided to take Earth Science instead and passed with a B. My mom had decided that we have a fresh start and we moved to Maryland. This was the first time in a long time I was not a special ed student and was able to choose all of my electives and classes I wanted to take. So of course I had taken spanish 1 which was a 2 semester class and passed with a C! Next school year I took spanish 2 both semesters due to lack of transferable electives to Maryland I graduated a year late. After high school I had thought I forgotten what I learned so I found my textbook from high school and read it. As I read the book I felt the words coming back to memory just like a song you haven't heard in a long time. From that point on I read the next book in the series and practiced everyday. Now I am in my 9th year studying spanish 6 of them studying alone. I speak, read, write and even have dreams in spanish even talking in my sleep. I even decided to travel internationally for the first time alone to Colombia, South America and continue to do so every chance I get. Although I may not be fluent I am on the right path to fluency with enough time and dedication.   Bonus: http://imgur.com/a/G3931  I tutor University students studying English as a second language voluntarily when I travel to Colombia i'm in the white shirt
