d77a59dc7230b1e3404df3dedb6f4a95f56314f6b9447b65fa81121d32c7c9dd;;;Do my symptoms seem most typical of ADHD, anxiety, depression, or something else?;;;****Apologies for the crazy length****  I'm 19 years old and was diagnosed with depression when I was 16. Since then I've been on and off 3 different anti-depressant/anti-anxiety meds. None have helped at all, and I last stopped taking them in January of this year. (Meds I've been on: Prozac, Cypralex, Pristiq.)    Here are my symptoms:    - I find it very difficult to communicate verbally. This is the most major issue I have in my life. When I talk, it comes out as an incoherent, mixed jumble. I can't explain myself properly. I say things that I don't mean. As I'm explaining something to someone, *I* even realize what I'm saying doesn't make sense.  I can tell they're confused and I can't blame them for it, but I don't know how to explain myself better. Despite this, I seem to be fine with written communication.  - Ties into the above, but I can't pass messages along. If I'm talking to someone on the phone and they want me to pass a brief message to a coworker, I have to either write or type down everything they say, no matter how short the message. Writing and typing help, but sometimes they aren't practical.    - I can't watch a full movie or TV show. I get bored and leave ten minutes in. I like websites, though. Reddit and stumbleupon are great, and I can spend forever on each. I haven't watched a movie for probably 7 months, and a show in even longer.   - I neglect details that, when pointed out to me, were so glaringly obvious and unmissable. This happens a lot of the time at work -- ex: someone asks me to do X, Y and Z, but I just do Y and Z, and forget all about X.   - I have tried and failed at learning the guitar, piano, getting my driver's license (haven't even gotten my G1 yet), any sports that I try (at the gym I get overwhelming anxiety from the thought of not being able to find a free machine...)   Other pertinent info:   - I've never been diagnosed with a learning disability, but do believe I have dyscalculia. Numbers simply do not make sense to me. Adding, subtracting, multiplying and dividing do not come naturally to me, especially the last two.   - My Dad has chronic depression which he's on meds for, and my grandpa was severely bipolar.   - I have a summer job right now and will be going into my third year of university in the fall.   - I have never been hyperactive, talkative or social, even in elementary school. I am a very quiet person in general, to the point of being pretty antisocial. I want to be with others, but I find it difficult to open up to them since I can't seem to communicate my thoughts or feelings very accurately.    That's about it, I think. I've gone from being convinced it was depression, to being sure it was anxiety, and now suspecting it's ADHD. Problem is that when I told my Mom about my new suspicions, she told me she thinks I'm over-diagnosing myself, and that most of these "symptoms" are normal. While I agree with her about me maybe pathologizing behaviours that aren't necessarily indicative of a mental disorder, together these symptoms make my life a living hell. It's like I'm at war with myself. I seem to sabotage myself in the most insidious ways.    **TLDR: I think my anxiety and depression stem from verbal communicative issues and I'm not sure whether I'm interpreting normal behaviours as being ADHD, misconstruing my anxiety or depression as being ADHD, or whether I truly do have ADHD**
