d9af79581d049a2f1ba402de511ae6c465623ec43506587aa05f4ce137193982;;;Minding my Mindfulness.;;;Oh, hello!  Today, I'll do something different. I'll make a post, all for myself. Instead of hijacking everybody else's threads, I'll ask my questions over here :D  Now, as the title goes, this is about Minding my Mindfulness. What this means is that I want to learn to be more mindful of what I'm doing, where I'm doing it, and how long I'm doing it for. Most specifically, my talking. But I can also happily extend this to other things that lead me down the road of non-productivity.  What has caused me to ask you awesome folks in here for advice is my work situation. I've got an awesomely understanding boss that seems to shield me from a lot of flak I'd otherwise get because I sometimes get my priorities all askew, or I just otherwise don't do things in the ways that I should. And he listens to what I've to say in regards to my challenges, and helps me find ways to make things work for me. However, there has been a recurring item of concern that's been coming up in our regular reviews which has me frustrated.  I like to talk. And I can't always stop myself. Even when I know I should.  But we all like to talk, right?  I tend to go so long my throat goes dry, my medication wears off, and then I lose pretty much all control of stopping myself. We are talking up to an hour or two, sometimes. Working in a busy workplace, this is usually not a good thing. Especially when I'm stopping a colleague from working during this time as well.  So again back to my title;  * **TL;DR:** How can I become more mindful of my mindfulness? What kinds of processes are there that I can put in place to check myself regularly and to pull myself out of these damaging situations? I've been working pretty damn hard, both at work, and at managing myself. However sometimes it just isn't enough, which tells me that I've not got all bases covered.  Any help would be great, and I'll be sure to do better than my best to make this work.  And thanks for putting up with my text wall. I'd prefer to use more whitespace, but it won't let me :(
