db28eeb9a397a1ab82df6ac127595355dd1a7609d993e8cd9deed27ce4680fdc;;;Anxiety about seeing GP for initial questions;;;Hi all,  I am a 23 y/o Male and have never been diagnosed with any mental problems. Up until the last 6 months I didn't even know what ADHD was, recently I've been having major problems focusing and prioritizing tasks at work and at home. I graduated college last year after 5 straight years with summer school and normal semesters. I have always been a sub par student my entire life ( C's get degrees eh? ) but managed to make it through school. When I was in high school my parents originally sent me to a private school but I couldn't keep up academically or socially with my peers so I moved to public school after my freshman year. I then proceeded to not care / get C's and F's and somehow managed to get into a decent state school for college. I set the bar high and started with an engineering major, 3 semesters later I dropped out of that school (due to bad grades) and went back to my home town at a lesser known university and studied computer science. I managed to make it through all of my classes with low B-s and C-s ( I failed calc 2 four different times). I never thought I had a problem and that I was just slower then all my peers but I recently found out my older brother has ADHD and has been medicated for years. He told me about some of the problems he had and they are so similar to mine I want to get checked out by the doc to see what's up. I have never talked to anyone about mental problems i've had and am pretty nervous about telling my doctor about what's going on.   Some things that are affecting me at the moment:  - I have a new job, I'm a programmer and lately I've been assigned to work on about 5 different projects. Each one of these projects has tasks, anytime I'm working on a task and a co worker comes by to brief me on another task I immediately gain anxiety and begin working on it (neglecting the original task) this causes me to have a spider web of tasks which take me forever to complete because I get so distracted and worked up over new tasks that get brought to me.  - I constantly get up and walk around in the middle of tasks at work because I need to 'take a break' putting me further behind. This happens around 10-15 times a day.  - The only way I completed anything in school or work is by making ridiculous lists. It's good to have a record but I could be using that time to work...  - I always feel terrible when I wake up and when I get off of work. By terrible I mean I dread going to work (my job isn't even bad) and Afterward I can't even make myself clean my room.  - I buy random shit I don't need on impulse now that I have a job and am out of school. (Really trying hard to stop this one) not just small things I bought a brand new car as soon as I got my job because I think I was in what I've read is a 'Mania' stage or something ...  - I hyper focus on things that should not be a priority and then feel bad about it later ( this post )  Did you guys have anxiety as well when first going to the doctor? I've never talked to anyone about this and half way feel like I'm just slow.
