db5a3bb77265c725f833d935542c60d9ae3d336e0ca0ebe10652fb436938cec5;;;Diagnosed a few months ago, only been given Concerta in increasing dosages, still doing nothing. Is it worth it to continue taking higher doses?;;;Hi! I was diagnosed with ADHD-C in late May this year, after realising I had symptoms throughout my life. My doctor gave me 18mg of Concerta to start off with, which I took for a month. It did nothing, no side effects, no anxiety/appetite/etc changes and no benefits. Then I went up to 36mg, which I finished 3 days ago - again, no difference at all.   At this point I went to my review appointment and told the (temp) doctor I wanted to change to another drug. He was like "Well I can if you want, but don't you think it'd be a shame to stop Concerta now when a higher dose might help? If you change and the new drug doesn't work and you end up back on Concerta we'll have to titrate back up". Me being me and unable to say no for fear of being judged, said ok to this and I'm now taking 2x 27mg a day (54mg, I think the 54mg tablets are bigger and I struggled to swallow 36mg so decided on this method).   Anyway, 3 days on 54mg and I still feel nothing. On the few days I've forgotten a dose that day, I've felt no different. I feel like I'm on placebos. I know meds don't help everybody, but I feel it's really the time to explore other options. This last doctor I saw has now told me GP to up me to 72mg and that "I'm nowhere near done yet, I can go up to over 100".   PS: I don't always drink, but I can have a pint of cider and feel no different to usual, also I can have my coffee each morning and still don't feel like it affects me (I just like the taste)! I avoided both of these drinks during the first month (18mg) and had decaff coffee the first half of the second month (36mg) and normal coffee the second half and I continue to do so on 54mg with no effects.  I feel this is going to take ages and I'm anxious to know if other meds can help me and I wanted people's opinions on my situation, please. :)  tl;dr: Doc wants me to keep taking an increased dose of Concerta for a month at a time rather than switch to something else, I feel it's a waste of time as it does nothing, currently at 54mg. Want to know if anyone would insist on a med change or stick with Concerta. Thanks!
