db8769573ed116a2ba55e76307348bfa2f9395848922e85c2b627a6b38b070dc;;;How do you deal without support? [Rantish];;;It's been a struggle for me. My family is very traditional, close minded, and my parents are very strict, authoritative types. When I was little, it was very obvious to everyone around me that I had problems. My elementary school suggested my parents get me assessed for ADHD over and over again. My parents said I didn't have any problems and that I just needed more discipline. This continued throughout my academic career. I tried to get assessed for it during college, but the counselors there were kind of standoffish and didn't think I had a problem. I can understand that with the drug seeking behavior from a lot of college students.   I finally got fed up with it as an adult at age 29. I was digging through the house trying to find my childhood report cards to show my psychologist at our intake meeting. My mother, being her usual nosy self, tried to distract and deter me as I was looking through boxes for my report cards. Like an idiot, I told her why I wanted them, and she's been on this incessant tirade about how I'm okay and I have no problems and I'm being a huge drama queen.   Yes, I'm 29. I live with my parents. I've been in two long term abusive relationships because my self-esteem has been horrible. My life is a mess. My room is a mess. My work is a mess. I can't remember to take out the trash, do my laundry, etc. My savings is a joke, and I don't trust myself to be able to move out, live on my own in a lifestyle that I can maintain, and still save money to own property. I drive away all of my friends because I'm annoying, or I get really critical and fed up with something shitty they do, or I become withdrawn and I avoid people. I make new acquaintances easily when I feel social because I look young for my age and I act quirky and weird, which is more acceptable coming from a girl my age. I even call myself a girl, not a woman, lol.   Anyway, my mom saw me come back from the pharmacy and wanted to know what prescriptions I went to go get. My psychologist told me not to tell her if she's going to be a huge cunt about it. I've been pretty good about that for a while, but I mentioned that I needed to take certain medication and I wasn't sure if Obamacare would cover my medical necessities in a more financially responsible way. She flips out and tells me that I am normal and that nothing is wrong with me and to not take medication. I get tired of listening to her and go to my room.  She does that psycho thing she does where she stands outside of my room and starts pounding on the door and screams at me. My dad gets involved and he tells me that there's nothing wrong with me. They are both yelling at me through the door telling me all kinds of verbal diarrhea about how I don't need medication and that I've been doing just fine and I'm fully functional and how I'm stupid and gullible for paying for medication because that's what big pharma wants. Yes, because a $10 co-pay a month is a huge scam.   I have a huge headache and I've been struggling with deciding if I should be taking Wellbutrin. My psychiatrist prescribed it to me and I had some issues with it because we never discussed a depression diagnosis and she keeps on saying that I need to take Wellbutrin (buproprin) for my depression, which will help my ADHD symptoms.   I don't know if I agree with the depression diagnosis. I think the way that I feel about things is generally because of my upbringing and my family. Now that my mom knows for certain that I'm taking medication, she's going to be incessantly hounding/nagging at me. This means knocking on my door and yelling at me randomly. Crying through the crack of the door in the middle of the night. Constant guilt trips. Getting other people to tell me that I'm okay. Going through my mail, prescription bottles, leaving me articles from Dr. Phil about how to be healthy using natural methods, lots of screaming and hitting things when we cross paths.   I've talked to my psychologist and we both agree that my living situation is very toxic for many different reasons. The thing is that I'm not financially in a situation where I feel comfortable moving out and being able to sustain myself without failing miserably. I've just started dealing with the ADHD diagnosis and I'm starting with the little things first and hoping to improve in larger ways as I build routines and confidence in myself.   It's just really hard because I don't have a lot of support coming from anywhere. My family thinks that mental disorders do not exist and are due to people choosing to behave in that way. My co-workers and friends trivialize ADHD and think that it's something that everyone kind of has and it's not a big deal. When I've mentioned that I have it and take medication for it, they kind of laugh and say they don't notice. My boyfriend has been great about listening to me rant and rant and rant and agonize over all of the decisions I've had to make and the woes that I've encountered, but I can't dump all of this emotional negativity on him. He has been wonderful throughout all of this, but I don't want to make our limited time together about all of my issues.   It's all a very heavy load to carry around and my mom has a listening and denial problem. I try very hard to ignore her, but she can't leave me alone and I'm trapped in her house. I wish she would leave me alone. Sitting down with her and talking yields no results because she is incapable to listening to anyone else and has to do things her way.   How do you deal with a lack of support when it seems like the people around you trivialize the chaos in your life?   TL;DR - I'm a mess and everyone thinks I'm fine and making a big deal out of nothing.
