dbddc39ce411a1479866d04ff8e7fcd161f3cabeb62d54bc178ae3be44579ce5;;;My SO has told me he has ADHD - how can I help?;;;My partner and I have been together for almost four years and has just told me he thinks he has ADHD. It's been a great relationship, but there's definitely been a lot of ups and downs! We used to live together which took a huge toll on me, mainly because I found him "lazy" and extremely messy, and something we are trying to sort out.  We've been long distance for the past year which has been great for me to have some of my own space, however, my SO is planning on moving down, and I am a little apprehensive. I have been visiting him this week and he told me that he was diagnosed as a child with ADHD, which he didn't think was true, but has now realised he still has a lot of symptoms. He told me how he struggles to think too far ahead in the future and to prioritize tasks, particularly ones that he can live with, like dirty plates/broken appliances etc. It also could be an explanation as to his addiction to his computer/Xbox (though aren't a lot of people?) and why he dropped out of school so early - he says he "hates deadlines".  It's been scary but a relief to hear him tell me this, although it hasn't been diagnosed officially by a doctor since he was young. I've been reading up a lot about it to see what I can do to help and if there is any solution for us to comfortably live together, without me losing myself and constant arguments. I know there will have to be compromise! However I compromised too much in the past to the point that I felt awfully depressed when we lived together, particularly from feeling like I had no space as I constantly needed to pick his stuff out of the way in order to cook/sit/go to bed - it never felt like a home to me. I'd really like to be able to live together again one day and move forward from our stressful beginnings!  I would love to hear from you guys how you deal with intimate relationships and things you find helpful from your SO? I've already realised my constant nagging hadn't helped - he accused me of expecting him to be "perfect" and I can see how me overwhelming him would make him feel rubbish.   Currently the only thing we've discussed  about living together is to have separate rooms so at least I have a bit of haven, particularly as I am studying a degree at the moment so spend quite a bit of time at home. How can I approach this topic anymore (if I should)?  Thank you so much for taking the time to read and I really appreciate any thoughts or tips you might have.
