dc7b5a9e9d411e6b512963160e5d8fb4a747c898f2728bd97e923a835abc8f73;;;Feeling pretty beaten down by a dad who thinks he can "tough love" my problem away;;;After complications with anxiety/undiagnosed ADHD/getting diagnosed with ADHD and trying to find the right prescription, I found myself leaving my second year of college with an ‘Incomplete’ for both semesters. If I didn’t complete the work over the summer, I wouldn’t be able to return to school. But summer is long, and past failures are terrifying. So, for the first two months of summer, I didn't sink, and I didn't swim; I just floated. How can you choose a direction, when every direction seems to end with sinking?  With just over a month left before school, my dad picked me up from where I’m living to take me to where my family was vacationing, but after only three days of being there, he tells me he's taking me to his house so I can take care of the work I need to do, and then he'll drive me back. At first I panicked, but once I thought about it, I realized that it was as good a time as any, but my dad had been seeming unusually aggressive toward me, and I had concerns about trying to work with him stressing me out.  After a day to settle in, I started working, and spent the day re-familiarizing myself with the material. Once I felt my medication wearing off, I started looking into resources for ADHD, and came across the Edge Foundation's website, where I found myself reading all of the articles I could find. I learned so much about my disorder and the myriad ways I had no idea about that it affected my life. Most importantly I found so many tips for working with ADHD, and for the first time in a long time, I felt....hopeful.   I continued reading through their articles today until my dad came home for lunch and asked me how my work was going. When I told him what I was doing, he refused to listen to me explain how significant it was and how much it was going to change things, and accused me of procrastinating. It hurt so bad to have all of that hope I'd found be so trivialized.   A little while later, I tried to approach him to explain that while, initially, him being a hard on me had helped me start moving, him continuing to approach me aggressively about my work and berating me for not working like he thought I should be was completely shutting me down and leaving me feeling defensive, anxious, and emotionally exhausted. But he refused to change. I tried again to explain what had happened in the past and why I thought I could change things now, and he told me I wasn't disordered, I was just stubborn and prideful. Eventually I managed to get through to him that he was speaking from ignorance and got him to agree to educate himself. I sent him the Russell Barkley video recommended in this subreddit's FAQ, and a piece by Patricia Quinn on ADHD in girls hoping that once he had a basic understanding, I could start to reason with him.   He only watched the video before instigating another argument with me and used the fact that Barkley considers Predominately Inattentive Type to be distinct from ADHD to negate any part of the video I said I identified with. He then made me go through the DSM-V criteria for ADHD, argued with me on every symptom I felt I had, excluding only the painfully obvious, and told me I was being stubborn/not open to his argument any time I tried to support a symptom with my experiences or Quinn’s work. In the end, I still scored as ADHD-PI, but he just said he was going to research the symptoms to see if it could be something else, like some kind of “strain” of anxiety.   I just don't even know what to do at this point. His actions are keeping me in a cycle of crying my eyes out, trying to calm down, having him start something, and crying my eyes out again. I've tried reasoning with him, I've tried asking him to back off for a few days, I've tried to educate him, but he absolutely refuses to do anything differently and continues to try to assert that I'm the one who's just not being open minded. Not only is he attacking the reality of a disorder I’m still coming to terms with, he’s MAKING me fail at the thing he’s trying to force me to do, and that terrifies me.  **tl;dr: with my college career on the line, my dad is trying to force me to do what I need to do, but in reality is MAKING me fail, is forcing me have to prove my ADHD to him, is trying to diagnose me instead with anything else, and absolutely won't listen to reason. What do?**
