dcb4a5eca4100a0670699e147bdc53055ae9b9f89185afb68b743fa3423b12d6;;;Off meds for 13 months (pregnant + nursing) and I am feeling %100 confident in my ADHD diagnosis and how well the medication worked for me.;;;F/31 Currently nursing a 4.5 month old baby and have been off Vyvanse for 13+ months.  I am desperate to get back on my meds but so torn between nursing my baby and feeling like the person I'm supposed to be.  Pros and Cons list to quit nursing isn't working.  Any advice would be helpful. I was only just beginning my journey with a medicated diagnosis 3 months before I became pregnant with my son (figures, when i am finally happy and thriving i am blessed with a baby).  I chose not to continue with my meds while pregnant or nursing.  BACKGROUND:  Having been diagnosed at 30 years old after months with a counselor and one visit with a therapist, I was skeptical that ADHD was my issue.  With assistance from my counselor, I made a list of life problems that I wanted to solve and took it into my first meeting with the therapist.  Messy, overweight, unmotivated, procrastinating, obsessive binge-eater...   I was shocked that she diagnosed me with ADHD because I had preconceived and uneducated ideas of what ADHD was and thought that It wasn't a fitting diagnosis.  I resigned to the fact that I was not a therapist and had nothing to lose so I began taking the Vyvanse 15mg that she prescribed. It was like someone turned the lights on and I could see my path as opposed to stumbling around a darkened room trying desperately to find success.  I could kick myself for not going to seek help sooner.  My life had gotten significantly better in such a short period of time.  I was at the end of a bachelors degree program at diagnosis and homework that literally took me close to 5 hours to complete was finished in maybe an hour and a half.    Sex was better because I could finally be in the moment and focus on the act instead of my mind drifting to a million different places.  I wasn't obsessing over food (eating because I couldn't stop thinking about eating) and lost 25 pounds.  Those kind of results are hard to ignore now as I have gained 65 pounds throughout the pregnancy and have yet to lose anything. So with the weight gain, reoccurrence of binge eating, an unorganized house all with an unyielding internal running commentary about how Im failing at all of these things... It must be worth it to continue breastfeeding my kid. Isn't it?  Am I selfish?  The internal battle is all consuming.  Update 8/10/16: I called my psychiatrist's office today and scheduled an appt. for September 8th (the day after my 32nd birthday) and hopefully at this appointment we will discuss the possibility of my going back on Vyvanse.   Just in time I might add. My husband and I had a talk today where he expressed how overwhelmed he feels picking up my slack with the housework and our baby (he does WAY more than me and I know it).  I will keep you updated.
