dccc51bf86a449d25d9779fc0727d00fac23436e754546fe07e918d9f2ebe81a;;;Hopefully about to be prescribed Concerta. What’s it like?;;;So I finally got it together to ring up about my ADHD assessment and, as my g/f had prophesied, they had a cancellation. Instead of waiting till the start of December (which is when it turns out I’d have been seeing someone) I was able to go along last Thursday and be seen. It was in a different town but that was fine, and I was able to take my girlfriend with me. That suited both of us down to the ground – her because it meant she’d get a chance to try to describe just what it’s like living with me, and just what the state of my life was when she first met me, living in my atrociously messy dadflat and barely able to keep enough clothes clean for myself, let alone the kids. For myself I was glad to have her along because it provided some very welcome emotional support, and most importantly meant I wouldn’t forget anything I needed to mention. More precisely it meant I wouldn’t waste lots of energy worrying that I’d forget something.  The letter had said the appointment would take about an hour. After fifty minutes of talking we had only just charted my history and it became clear that I’d have to come back a second time. My life has been a chequered one. That said, at that point the psychiatrist vouchsafed that he was more than happy to call it ADHD. Again, having my g/f along was immensely helpful, not least as I had taken along the initial assessment questionnaire which I’d been given beforehand, and on which I’d scored as “very likely to have ADHD”. Seeing that for the first time, she laughed aloud at the idea that I scored myself only a “2 – sometimes” for things like interrupting and losing things, when she’d definitely rate me a 4!  **Tl;dr** – Doctor agrees it’s ADHD and I’m going back next week to finish off assessment, have blood pressure taken etc.  The usual thing he does, he says, is prescribe Concerta. Does anyone have any idea what I can expect it to be like? My dearest wish is to be able to finish reading a book without it becoming a titanic, tearful struggle which I always lose. An even dearer wish is to be able to get on with my work (writing) but I’m even afraid to hope for that.
dccc51bf86a449d25d9779fc0727d00fac23436e754546fe07e918d9f2ebe81a;;;ADHD being perceived as a "fad" disorder;;;Last night I mentioned in passing to my sister-in-law that I've got ADHD. Cue eye-roll: "Oh, what, have you been doing a Buzzfeed quiz or something?"  I've had similar reactions over the years as stepparent to an ADHD stepson (and an aspie stepdaughter). Both seem to trigger this thing in people where they assume it's a vague self-diagnosis and it's up to me to prove its validity to them. I just wondered if anybody had any thoughts on why this should be, and what a constructive response would look like. There's no point in me getting cross (usually) but if I could find the right way to gently suggest that these are serious issues that warrant being taken as seriously as any other diagnosis, I might feel less like I'm wasting my time mentioning it.
