dcf783d59a1b7fcac1f80e60800474d55b34e974a797e20905e1dbd63fca81ea;;;I'm sick of taking medicine. Is there an Alternative?;;;Hey everyone. I'm really nervous about posting here. Knowing how harsh the internet can be. But I'm giving it a shot.  Since the 3rd grade, I have been taking medicine to help cope with my ADD and Anxiety. ADD runs on my dad's side of the family and Anxiety is very common on my mom's. Anyway, i have been in and out of medication after medication, pill after pill after pill after pill and I'm sick of it. I'm 19 now and i took my first year off of medication halfway though highschool and I can say, I've never felt better. I feel like myself, I'm more creative and happier.  I wish I could say the same about my grades, though... My first HS semester was awesome. After i went off my meds, they dropped so hard i barely graduated. Now I'm in college and I can't do a single fucking thing. My stress gets the better of me and I can't focus for more than 5 seconds without drifting off into nowhere. I can't sit in class without moving or doing something, anything to change my attention. I, without a doubt will be on academic probation after only taking 2 damn classes.   My parents don't give a shit. They both work great jobs but never went to college. And they are trying to compare and to tell me they know what it's like. They tell me I'm lazy that I need to grow up and im making eveything up.   Telling this to a kid that can't even play a video game if he wanted to, really fuckin' kills. Yes, i cant focus on a video game.  I have tried everything from a shrink to hypnotherapy and I'm pretty sure sold my soul to satan to have a normal mind. But nothing is working. I've been changing my diet to high-nutrient foods. Nothing.  I needed to rant somewhere. I just want to know if there is an alternative to drugs  TL:DR Sick of using medication, is there just as an effective alternative?  Thanks guys  EDIT: I'm active 24/7. I play high-level hockey, run all the time, gym, airsoft, rugby. So physical activity does not help me.
