dd347b573803d171a8d3ea1e6533222bf1e1d63a89fe745a0fc71360bb5d5aff;;;How do I get ADHD support quickly (UK)?;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD while in the US but now i'm in the UK, I have to wait months to see a psychiatrist before getting a diagnosis. The doctor has put me temporarily on Concerta XR which was effective for a few weeks but is now not working for me at all.  I just started a new job and, while I can work thanks to hyperfocus, I can't communicate with people, meditate, read .etc because my mind is constantly running with thoughts. All the work I've put in to be organized and have a healthy life is falling apart due to my need for new medication.  I'm worried my depression will return because basic tasks are becoming overwhelmingly difficult again. If anyone has any advise I would greatly appreciate it.  TL;DR: Urgent ADHD medication support in the UK - what are my options?
dd347b573803d171a8d3ea1e6533222bf1e1d63a89fe745a0fc71360bb5d5aff;;;I treat everything as a problem that needs to be solved;;;So I've always been the problem solving type. Whenever something needs to be fixed, wether that be a broken laptop or someone telling me they're struggling with  Math, my immediate reaction is to try and fix it.  This is great because it means I'm great at fixing things and I'm also super willing to help people with their problems but it comes at the cost of treating everything like a problem, and, in some ways, looking for problems.  --   An example - my girlfriend tells me she's bored at work because her manager hasn't given her anything to do. My immediate reaction is to give her ideas and try and entertain her.   The thing is, people are capable of handling their own problems. Sometimes something as simple as being bored doesn't need to be solved and others maybe prefer to just allow things to go as is. Sometimes when people complain, they just want someone to listen rather than to try and help.  --  I think this might be a comorbid symptom of ADHD. I can get pretty anxious about not doing/sorting things which has led me to being this OCD-like personality where I have a compulsion to not relax / not allow things to get out of hand... Ever!  It's got it's pros but unfortunately it can be a bit much for others, especially when it can be received as "you need to sort your life out so I'm going to try and help you".  Also, when I find myself with a problem that I can't directly solve immediately (formerly undiagnosed ADHD and now this dizzy thing I keep getting) I get overwhelmed and incredibly worked up.  --  **tl;dr:** Do to ever find yourself needing to fix problems all the time?
