dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;It's taking forever to get meds, I need advice. (xposted from ADHD);;;**preemptive TL;DR: it'll be a month before I can see my doctor and I'm at my wits' end. Should I try asking college students for pills? If so, how?**  Ok, here's the long version: I've recently obtained an official diagnosis of ADD. I've known for a while, if that makes sense - three high school teachers and a college prof went to my parents asking that I be tested, and a family member who is a child psychologist has been urging me to get a diagnosed for over a decade.  Anyway, I went to do this because due to life changes (baby, promotion), I cannot hold it together anymore. The behavioral modifications that helped me in the past aren't sustainable right now. The dr recommended medication.  I would probably have never gone to the dr if things hadn't gotten really bad. I am not, repeat NOT, functioning as an adult right now. I can take care of the baby (because god forbid that I should screw that up), but concentrating so hard and so long to stay steady with her is making my work suffer, and I can't manage anything else in life. I'll go three or four days in a row without eating at home or showering. To clarify, I am not depressed, just so distractable right now that it's taken me 3 hours to write this post. It's bad.  Is it stupid or short-sighted of me to consider purchasing black-market prescriptions to get through the wait? I have no idea how to go about it, either. Can anyone advise me?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Does it ever take you a really long time to absorb information?;;;Right now i'm doing some math problems on the khan academy website and i've been on the same topic (word problems w/algebra and ages) for 2.5 hours and i still dont get it. Its like my brain just will not function, i feel frozen mentally and to be honest i feel kind of stupid.... what can i do? I'm not on meds but i know for a fact i have adult ADHD (26 years old).
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Somewhat TMI questions for female ADHD sufferers who are on medication for it. (x/post from ADD);;;24F female, diagnosed ADD at a young age was on ritalin for 6 years and it had absolutely no effect whatsoever.Took myself off it and never looked back kinda just coped. However recently it was revealed to me that my ADD might more far reaching than I ever thought possible... specifically with my sex life.  Now to be fair I got the grab bag when it comes to things that could effect sex. ADD, hashimotos thyroiditis, history of anxiety and depression, was morbidly obese most of my teenage and adult life. So who knows what it really is.  My friend who is a mostly inattentive type is married to a mostly hyperactive type we got to talk and alot of the problems I have are things she and he have felt and felt some relief from while on adderall.   Some things I suffer from : Not being able to focus during sex. Not even joking here I can't even masturbate without needing a song stuck in my head.    Only getting wet with new people. This has made for a lot of impulsive jumping in and out of relationships and making mistakes. I love my current boyfriend to death and I get aroused by him in everything but the physical lubrication response. I attribute this to the low arousal theory thing. I only really feel alive at big one time events i.e. concerts/raves.  My brother had good luck with adderall and I got to try some for two weeks through a friend and it seemed to help.  My questions would be along the lines of... does anyone else have or has had lubrication issues? Did your sex life get better?  I guess in the end I'm just hoping for some advice or at least to know I'm not alone in these type of problems and that medication for ADHD may offer some relief.  Got an appt with a new GP to start the process of getting on medication.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Vyvanase vs adderall vs concerta ;;;I was just diagnosed with adhd a couple months ago and prescribed adderall IR.  It has been unbelievable!  I'm considering switching to XR, but am also curious about the other medicines used to treat adhd.  Please tell me your experiences with other meds!  thnx!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD as a child but stopped taking medication...;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD as a child but stopped taking medication because I didn't like to be medicated. However, being 22 and having to start school/having issues with work and life due to my inattentiveness I'm looking to start medication again.   The problem is that I just got health insurance and I don't want to seem like I'm just trying to score drugs. Is there a right/wrong way to bring this up on my first visit with my doctor without seeming like I'm some sort of drug dealer/druggie? Or am I just being too paranoid about the whole situation?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Just prescribed Ritalin...afraid to start taking it?;;;I was diagnosed and prescribed Ritalin today. She said she normally prescribes Adderall, but, due to the shortage, temporarily stopped. I've heard lots of bad things about Ritalin, and I'm nervous to start it. I meet with her again in a month and might ask about Adderall or Vyvanse due to health reasons. Should I be worried about taking Ritalin until then? I'm 18, active, very healthy, and on no other medications other than Flonase
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;r/ADHD, do you have any other developmental/learning disorders, and how have you learned to cope with it all?;;;Just wondering. I got diagnosed a few months ago with ADHD predominantly inattentive and an NLD, or nonverbal learning disorder. I was doing some research yesterday after taking my first dose of Concerta when I realized how many of these behavioral quirks I've developed to deal with my problems. For example:  - I talk to myself whenever I'm under duress. The NLD means I process everything through words, and since kids with ADHD tend to be bad at 'self-talk', I've learned to literally stop and force myself to explain to myself what's happening.  - I fidget all the fucking time (air guitar/piano/drums, picking at my hair, pacing, organizing things, etc). It's not because I have the hyperactivity thing going on; it's because doing something else that doesn't require a lot of brainpower stops my brain from running off on me. This also means people often think I'm ignoring them when I'm really trying my best to focus by doing something else while they talk.  Do you have any quirks that are explained by your ADHD or any other learning disorder?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;meds wearing off, can you tell? or is it all in my head? ;;;ok. college sophomore, prescribed adderall 10 mg instant release two weeks ago. it's night and day for me. i'm actually absorbing what i'm reading when i'm studying, and can sit down for more than twenty minutes at a time. it's wonderful. however, i take it in the morning, and by 7 pm or so i feel exhaused and too tired to think. i'm wondering if you can tell the meds are wearing off and what that feels like to you?   now that I think about it though, it's very likely I'm just tired because i'm so busy during the day, seems like most college students are tired all the time.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;MDMA fixed my ADHD;;;when i accept that i have ADHD, i put so much effort into everything . the thought just holds on to me and my symptoms start to appear i lose focus of everything while thinking too much. Since i tried MDMA i noticed that i should accept that i shouldn't be doing this, its whats causing me to lose focus, I just put too much thought into trying to help myself out of this "ADHD" and puff it vanished. It didn't come back for a couple of days until i started questioning myself again about if the MDMA gave me a temporary effect when i had come under a great deal of stress from an event, But finally i accepted that i shouldn't try so hard and this instantly made me capable of focusing on everything and i know i don't have ADHD anymore.   I'm just letting everyone know that this worked for me. Fucking saved my life.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Been doing this lately to improve my attention;;;Whenever i notice that i perfectly paid attention to anything, i take a note down on what it is, and observe how i did it. Same goes to things i lose my attention on. When the list grows, i observe it and compare my results then learn what had been causing me to lose attention in the first place. I notice that there is a pattern and what figure out what i can do about it.  This may help you too to take control of it, try and see.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Shitty day, need input :(.;;;Kind of a bad day today.  I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 13, however, my parents were the kind of people who believed "you don't need Adderall, you need a belt." I went untreated for 8 years. During the untreated years I did horribly in school; I was never motivated to do anything expect focus on video games. I dropped out in 10th grade and was in and out of juvenile for stupid shit. I was originally put on probation for graffiti at 15, and continuously broke my probation. Not going to school, being a smart ass. I never accepted authority.   When I turned 18 I did bullshit labor jobs. I was a electrical apprentice at one time, but after a while I realized I didn't want to come home drenched in sweat every night. I enrolled in GED classes at the community college, it was pretty difficult and a alien concept to me ―  I have never applied myself to school work, and to do it was strange. I got my GED when I was 19 and enrolled in college.  The first two semesters of college were tough. I took a placement test, and was placed in remedial math, the lowest level. I pulled C's the first two semesters, and dropped math, I couldn't do it. After two semesters I decided I needed help. I was depressed, I was unmotivated, I was an asshole to everyone around me, and I couldn't hold a job; I would get one, be into it at first, then slowly over time become bored and quit.  The doctor placed we on Wellbutrin at first, and it slightly helped. It gave me a slight warm fuzzy feeling, and made me not dread studying so much, however, I was still having major trouble just comprehending school. During lectures my mind would think about anything and everything expect the lecture. The Wellbutrin wouldn't let me get my dick hard either, it was back to the doctor.  The doctor put me on Adderall, and my life changed completely. The semester was almost over, but I managed to pull up 2 of my grades to B's. The next semester was 2 A's, 2 B's. Adderall gave me the motivation to focus, to sit down and study. I was nicer, and overall I was a better person. My friends and family started to compliment the change.  This current semester was going great, I have been busting my ass, and was expecting all A's, this would be a first I ever pulled all A's. The most amazing improvement was the math. Holy fuck I realized I am good at math!  This semester I have been using the adderall everyday, and not taking a break, as said before I have been busting my ass. I had a math test today ― all week I had studied and nailed it down. Thursday I decided after months of use, I should take a break. I took a break Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and decided not to take the adderall today, Monday, the day of the test. I stumbled and fumbled and was unable to do simple arithmetic, thankfully I had my graphing calculator and knew how to check my work, I did the math problems over and over until I got the answer I should of. I turned my test in and walked out.  My teacher emailed me 30 minutes later to my edu address; I had skipped a entire page, and had put several answers in the wrong place. She wanted me to come back ASAP. This was at 9am, and I didn't read the email until 8pm.  Lately I have been getting more and more bummed. I keep thinking "will I ever be able to function like a normal adult without taking stimulants?" I want to become a engineering, and I'm 100% sure I can do it if I bust my ass. This new goal in my life is very reachable and it motivates me to do better.  However, I know that without adderall, I will never be able to do the intense school work, and this is a bitter bullet to bite.  Sorry for the long rant guys. I'm pretty depressed about the math class thing, I have busted my ass and had a 98 average. I'm not sure what my math teacher will do, if she awards me a zero it will bring my average down to a 78; a C.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How do you respond to people who don't believe that you have ADHD or say that it is merely an excuse?;;;Background story:  So I was diagnosed with ADHD (predominately inattentive type, but a few combined symptoms) four weeks ago...I've always gotten decent grades in school (top 5% of my class in high school, honors student, etc), but it's taken extra work on my part to focus and pay attention. I literally have three checklists and assignment lists (iProcrastinate, Google Calendar, and post-it notes) to keep myself on task, and even then it doesn't always work. After talking to my mom (who was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid and is currently on Vyvanse) about my struggles focusing during lecture/studying (I'm a freshman in college), she suggested I visit a psychiatrist.   After a 30 minute intensive interview, the doctor diagnosed me with moderate ADHD. According to her, it tends to run in families, and having a parent with it drastically increases one's chances. She initially prescribed me Ritalin, but I had a horrible reaction. I had migraines, felt anxious, and didn't feel like myself. A sort of foggy mental feeling took over. Thy psychiatrist said that such a reaction was rare (but I've read otherwise on here and other sites), but she would try changing medicines. She said she prefers Adderall, but due to the shortage would have to prescribe something else. She changed my prescription to 40mg Vyvanse, and the difference is night and day. I'm usually anti-medicine (for superfluous reasons, of course), but if this is how everyone else feels all the time, I'm jealous of what I've been missing out on.   It's now extremely easy to concentrate, and I crave knowledge (as dumb as that sounds). I sat down to take notes on a chapter for one of my classes and was dumbfounded when I looked at the clock and saw that only 25 minutes had passed. Usually it takes me 1+ hours due to the scattered thoughts and distractions. It was almost as if time was on pause. I can finally focus on what my professors are saying (unless it's really really boring, but that's not the medicine's fault). Studying for exams is no longer a stressful burden to get myself to sit down, it just happens. Thus far, I only take the medicine on weekdays (I can manage my other symptoms during the weekends), and it drastically improves my days, academically, and with my interactions with my friends.   My mom said she has noticed a huge improvement when talking to me on the phone (I live 5 hours from home and only see them on breaks), and my suite mates said they feel like I pay more attention to them when we're hanging out. I no longer interrupt people when they're speaking, and I am able to listen to others better.  My problem, however, has been with naysayers who say they don't understand why I'm on medication. My stepdad told my mom that I did perfectly fine in high school and don't need to rely on medication to get through college because it's addictive and not necessary. Over Thanksgiving, he told me "You're 18 now, so if you want to screw up your body, then by all means be my guest. Just be aware of the consequences" My roommate accused me of cheating because "the medicine makes you smarter and you just need to get over being lazy" My aunt also said she doesn't understand why I'm taking medication. My mom and biological dad are the most supportive, but they heard my frustrations before the medicine and I called them the first few days I took the medicine to tell them how I felt with the improvements. I'm just getting frustrated with people who act like because I had good grades nothing could be wrong with me. I'm not selling the medicine, I'm only taking the prescribed amount, and I'm giving myself a break on the weekends. Nothing I'm doing is irresponsible, yet some people are acting like I'm a drug addict now. How do you guys deal with this?  TL;DR: How do you deal with the naysayers who criticize the legitimacy of ADHD or question why you're on medicine?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Do I have 'ADHD'? ;;;So, I'm just gonna' jump to it, I'm 16 years old and currently at college (college starts at 16 in the UK) and im having trouble revising for exams that are coming up. In high school, I was awesome at exams because we did alot of past exam papers in class under supervision of the teacher so I got A's in most of my exams, but when it came to coursework that went towards my grade, I got F's... because I would finish most of it but then not be able to finish it at home. I can't explain it, everyone just says to me "stop being lazy and just work" or "get off your pc then" but its not that easy, i've sat here doing NOTHING instead of doing homework/studying, its not an addiction to my pc because most of the time that im on it I just end up doing nothing... I really need some help on this and ideas on what I should do, because I wanna' get my life sorted out, I have the potential for great things but I just can't get myself to revise and get the grade and its annoying the HELL OUT OF ME. Also, teachers say that I daydream a fair bit and I do pretty much never sit still on my chair for too long...But again, this is only outside of college, in college I get my classwork done to a great standard most of the time and other than moving my position on my chair alot im totally normal in college, but outside of college I just cannot work, and I need to work to be able to pass college and not end up with a life I don't want and I tell this to myself everyday but I just cannot work, is it willpower/motivation or am I just being stupidly lazy? But I have been told by a redditor (so im not sure..) that I may have ADHD p1 or pi or something, what do you guys think? please help !
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Ritalin, first thoughts. Any advice?;;;Hi Reddit,  After being diagnosed with adhd i decided to try out medication to increase my focus. I am on 10mg Ritalin pills right now.  The positive effect is that i feel more calm and relaxed which is a good thing. It also increases my desire to be productive, although my focus could have been better.  The downside is that it works out very quickly, 2 to 3 hours and i feel i'm losing my concentration but still feel quite "drugged".  Can i expect that over time Ritalin will increase my ability to focus, and finish tasks? I still feel too distracted from time to time.   Would concerta help me? The constant come-down from Ritalin is very annoying.   Will the drugged-out, feeling-slow effect become less over time?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD-Pi, Cycling of Apathy, Anxiety, and slight Hypomania;;;i'm confident i'm not Bi-Polar II, as when i'm hyper i do not lose control  but these 'cycles' seem to be controlled by my perceptions of things, when i'm getting home from work or school i get very excited, when i'm at work or school i'm usually sluggish and slow and daydreamy, and usually apathetic when i have to do something, i feel like doing nothing and ill just lay in my bed or watch a movie  i think i can control these though, i've been 'hyper' at school and work, and i've been sluggish at home, recently i've transformed my excitement into focused guitar playing (all week i've been playing 5 hours a day actual practice too)   it seems like i am constantly seeking stimulation, and when i can't get physical stimulation it i get lost in my thoughts, i even get anxiety if this happens at school (if i'm lost in my head talking to people is weird)  how can i avoid slipping into headspace at places like school because it fucks up my ability to talk to people, and i'm sure people find it weird that some days i talk to everyone and others i act inhibited and awkward  also right now, my thoughts are rushing so much i don't know what to do, fuck  any of you have experience on finding things to focus on (like tricks or tips?), so often i have such a huge list of shit i want to do that i end up doing **nothing**  i have a ritalin prescription, but i don't want to get dependent on it
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I've been taking Adderall for nearly 10 years, what do I do next?;;;I am 23 (f) and I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 15 and I've been taking Adderall every day since then. Currently my dosage is at 30mg and I'm afraid its effects are no longer helping me. Halfway through college I began losing motivation and I ended up barely scraping by to graduation. Since graduating I haven't been able to muster up motivation and confidence to move forward towards a career. I'm thinking this is related to my medication not working as well as it should, but I could be wrong.   I feel stuck and unable to do the things I know is best for me. At the moment I don't have health insurance (paying full price for my medication is enough of a financial burden) so consulting a doctor on a whim is not a feasible option for me.  **tl;dr** I feel like my medication isn't helping as much anymore, has anyone else experienced this? Should I implement some kind of lifestyle/behavioral technique to augment the medication? Should I increase my dosage? Change medication? What has worked for you?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;[UK] What plan of action should I take?;;;I'm 18, from the Midlands and I believe I have ADHD. I remember from starting school being told that I need to "Stop daydreaming" and doing more work. I was a late bloomer where my writing skills were concerned, but verbally I've always been, I guess you could say 'Fully Functional' (My mum says that for the first few days of me talking she was hooked on every word, but after about a week she just wanted me to shut up).  I was diagnosed with "Blank Page Syndrome" in ~2002. I know exactly why I was, even writing this, everything is coming out in random order and I spend a lot of time re-jigging anything I type. But my issues with English kept coming and still plague me today with huge, terrible hand writing.  I talk fast and (even I think) a lot, I struggle to concentrate at school, when listening to people, when reading most things. If I can't get up and do something from my chair, I fidget. At home it's OK, I just go and make cup of tea #20 today. At school I just drum on my legs or just... well fidget and I'm generally a bit of a nuisance. Attempting to focus against this will usually gets me pretty worked up (I just feel like breaking down and crying in the middle of a lesson). I'm ashamed to say I've started smoking more to calm me down.  I've cut out a lot of fizzy pop and other foods that I know just make me worse (Irn Bru, you're a ginger temptress), but often I get giddy and just want to jump around. Alcohol is a bitch as it just makes me want to run and climb trees and shit.  I've read about "hyper focus" and the only subject I ever think this could apply to me on is mobile phones. I love the things. Always have from the first time I laid my eyes upon a Nokia 6110 back in probably '99. When I was little, the best deals of computing were had at what were called computer fairs. I used to go with my dad, find the stalls that did phone modifications and repairs and just ask if I could watch just to see how these things worked inside.   Skip forward to 16, and I got crappy grades at my end of compulsory education exams (GCSEs). Was rejected from returning to my old school and went to a local college, improved my GCSE results and have since returned to my original school where I am honestly very happy.  Now during my time away from school, I visited a GP and spoke to him. Other than being rather condescending and telling me that I was wrong, He started asking me questions like "What do you think I can do for you?" and "Do you think there's a magic pill I can give you?" which I believe was a (pretty shite) attempt to have me admit to trying to get drugs out of him. I've been told that, as a GP, he has no authority to declare me ADHD or not, and that I can demand to be referred to a specialist. But, well honestly I'd feel embarrassed going back and doing that.  Is there a way forward, directly to a specialist, or do I need a GP to refer me?  PS. Does anyone else have a really strong 'urge' to bite down when they're having trouble focusing? I don't chew my pen (which is common) so much as I bite it to breaking point. A baby's dummy is lovely, but they break so easily.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I need a little support/advice r/ADHD!;;;Hi guys! Before I get to the heart of this post I'll give a little background: female, 18, diagnosed with ADHD combined type about 3 months ago (this is not a surprise, just never bothered to get it diagnosed)  Anyway, my doctor gave me a Ritalin prescription along with Strattera and said to take the Ritalin when I felt I needed it. This has caused quite the conundrum for me. I feel guilty whenever I want to take Ritalin because I feel like I "should be able" to do whatever without the added help. I feel judged because I *could* do said activity without it, but it's hard. As a result, even though it really helps, I've taken it 5 times in the past 3 months.   Does anyone else have the same issue? Does anyone have advice about what to do?! I'm definitely feeling lost and a little sad.  **TL;DR: ADHD girl told to take Ritalin whenever she feels she needs it. Feels too guilty to take it even though it really helps because it feels like cheating and because she feels like she can still do the activity without it, it's just harder. Needs advice and support!**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Very little (if any) talk about Sluggish Cognitive Tempo, let's start.;;;Wikipedia article on [SCT](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sluggish_cognitive_tempo), for those who haven't heard about it yet. Russell Barkley mentions in one of his talk, IIRC, that about 50% of those with ADHD-PI actually has SCT.  Any thoughts on the validity and in general about SCT?  I'm now in my second year of university, and have now realized I've always had ADHD-PI. Just getting to the stage where I'm trying to study is hard enough, but actually studying is practically impossible. Never struggled in school, but never had to study. I have all the diagnosis criteria for ADHD-PI in the DSM-IV, but SCT describes it better, perfectly to be honest. Will be seeing a Psychiatrist late next month.  So I'm wondering, are there those of you who think you have SCT? Did you mention it to your psychiatrist, did he change your treatment, and to what? How much have treatment helped you?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Medications so far have failed, anyone have suggestions;;;Adderal; well it makes me really really angry, and can't talk at all; hell lately I'm not anything and i can barely talk. I have a decent lexicon, but i stutter a lot...i didn't used to and sometimes i'll be fine but other times idk.  Wellbutrin ; made me feel stupid as all sin could barely function, i could focus but not function at a fast speed.  Anyone have any other good suggestions for meds, i also have hyperthyroidism and a fast metabolism so I would rather not take stimulants because i want to gain weight and put on mass.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Weights or cardio;;;So i have a hard time bulking up but i love the cardio because of my ADD..SO  If i cut the cardio out and just focused on rapid weight training will that do the same thing for me (mentally) or maybe just went down to 10 minutes of sprinting.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Cayenne pepper helps me a lot!;;;Hello,  I am diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive type.  I am currently taking Vyvanse 30mg.  I am a 39 year old female and was just diagnosed a year ago.  I have found the medication to be extremely helpful for me at work.    Pros:  Focus at work, not forgetting to write appointments in my calendar, able to feel motivated to stick to a task until completion, able to do my chores once I get home, a general sense of well-being and excitement to do work, suppressed appetite causing me to eat only healthy food.  Cons:  Hard time settling down at night (unless I drink Rooibos tea), feeling like I can't stop working, forgetting to eat, and the worst... not really wanting to have sex.  Recently, my boyfriend who also has ADHD developed an ear infection.  He didn't want to go to the doctor so we looked up natural remedies.  We found information on Cayenne pepper that sounded a little too good to be true, but its cheap and there was no harm in trying it.  We both added 1/4 tsp. to warm water and chugged it.  We drank cold water right after to sooth the hot spice feeling.  Within 5 minutes the ear pain he had was gone, it moved the fluid out of his nose and Eustachian tube.  We also both felt a huge sense of well-being and our heart rate and blood pressure felt significantly better.  We just felt good.  We have been doing this now every day and his ear infection was completely gone within two days.  The reason I'm posting this here is because I have noticed that when I take this Cayenne pepper 'tea', I notice a complete reversal in the negative side effects of taking Vyvanse.  I usually split mine in half because 30mg feels like a bit too much for me and 15-20 seems to be just right.  Cayenne pepper helps reduce blood pressure and normalizes your heart rate.  I tested this and sure enough, my resting heart rate on Vyvanse is usually around 96-102.  I took it and literally 5 minutes later it had dropped 15 beats per minute!  Plus I just feel it happening.  I also noticed that I was really wanting to have sex.  I also notice that I am feeling hungry.  I don't mind not feeling hungry, but clearly, we need to eat and forgetting does become a problem on my mood.  I'm new to Reddit, so I don't know if the link I included will work, but if it doesn't, look up "17 Health Benefits of Cayenne Pepper."  It doesn't solve ADHD directly, but if you take medication, you may find that it drastically reduces or eliminates the negative side effects you may experience.  Thanks!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Im raging!;;;Ever since i got the Adhd inattentive diagnosis. I feel like im in a Kafka world. Frustrated and angry as hell.   The system been pretty nice to me. Acctually a suprise but the people in my life makes my blood boiling with rage.  Like many of you i have/had anxiety, panic attack, paranoia, left schools, no social life, addictions, etc etc. Classic textbook Add.  Now this has been a Crazy struggle almost driving my life in the gutter. Then i got lucky and meet the right people to that inform me of this. I went through all stages of denial and etc. When i researched it myself on the net, i almost cried how accurate it potraited my life. Like someone finally understood me. Feelt like i could be saved.  Now the very few people i decided to tell, didnt give a shit. One said this "you always blame something". Another one just went quit... and this fucker has called me in the middle of the nights with his gf problems. When i spoke to him... nothing.   A few family members says - Some people use that as an excuse! you could do anything if you just applied yourself. They marganilize the diagnosis.   In my world. We are talking about a small part of the brain not functioning well, that had me selfdestructing and leading me right into the gutter.. This hell i been through has been that?? Wtf If no one gives a shit about that, its almost like they wish  for me to go through this hell i been through.   Im at the point now that i will take whatever meds they give me. Do whatever i got to do to get better and when i do! Im cutting ties with everyone! (not family of course).  How do you deal with the rage of getting diagnosed?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;WTF? Is there a drugless cure?;;;Hey guys, I've had ADD all my life, was diagnosed not that long ago like two years ago. I wanted Adderall so I could get high and work. Now I am trying to not beat ADD but more like do stuff without drugs. Taking speed everyday seems a rather crude fix.   Is there a way to do this without drugs? Is there a way to fix it? I found out that I prefer to have earplugs in most of the time since sounds bother me a lot. Drowning it out in music helps, but I don't prefer it. I just mentioned this because it helped me and perhaps someone else will realize that they don't like exterior sounds as well.   I know diet and exercise are good ways to get rid of it. Any suggestions on what to avoid and what exercises?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What careers would be good for me that would also work with someone who has ADHD?;;;My favorite subjects are: Psychology, Child development, Debates, Marketing, Economics, History, Cosmetology, writing, and I sorta wanna be a caregiver :b.      I don't do well at: Organization and mental math.       Id prefer to not have to go to a Uni. Because... my grades aren't lovely :I.   **EDIT: also, what do YOU guys like? And help each other! Selfish posts are lame, we should all get involved!**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I'm reading Sex at Dawn and came across this passage that I feel could apply to ADHD. Thoughts?;;;"...as we’ve seen, researchers trying to describe human nature are highly susceptible to Flintstonization: unconsciously tending to “discover” features that look familiar, and thereby universalizing contemporary social configurations while inadvertently blocking insight into the truth. Journalist Louis Menand noted this tendency in a piece in The New Yorker, writing, “The sciences of human nature tend to validate the practices and preferences of whatever regime happens to be sponsoring them. In totalitarian regimes, dissidence is treated as a mental illness. In apartheid regimes, interracial contact is treated as unnatural. In free-market regimes, self-interest is treated as hardwired.” Paradoxically, in each of these cases, so-called natural behavior has to be encouraged and unnatural aberrations punished.  The now-forgotten diseases drapetomania and dysaethesia aethiopica illustrate this point. Both were described in 1851 by Dr. Samuel Cartwright, a leading authority on the medical care of “Negroes” in Louisiana and a leading thinker in the pro-slavery movement. In his article “Diseases and Peculiarities of the Negro Race,” Dr. Cartwright explained that drapetomania was the disease “causing Negroes to run away … the absconding from service” to their white owners, while dysaethesia aethiopica was characterized by “hebetude of and obtuse sensibility of the body.” He noted that slave overseers often referred to this disease, more simply, as “rascality.”" [Sex at Dawn](http://luptaanticapitalista.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/sex-at-dawn-the-prehistoric-origins-of-modern-sexuality.pdf), Chapter 8  I have been diagnosed with ADHD and totally think the symptoms are real, but I think its classification as a disorder is the product of a culture the emphasizes productivity over humanity. As a human being, I don't want to sit still and be lectured to until I'm sufficiently indoctrinated to participate in life. This configuration goes against our biology and I think a large portion of people diagnosed with ADHD have subconsciously realized this and therefore find no motivation to go through the repetitive motions that characterize our education system. If you don't take a break after highschool, you'll have sat and listened to teachers and been submitted to their valuations of your worth (grades) for a total of 17 years! That shit is wack. Life is way bigger than institutions, whose boring rituals are a waste of something so precious and fleeting as life. I think part of ADHD is the subconscious realization of this. What do you think?  TL;DR ADHD symptoms are real, but it isn't a disorder. It is a reaction to the culture of production and the dehumanization that culture entails.  UPDATE: Here's a link to a journal article regarding an [evolutionary approach to education](http://www.pdfhost.net/index.php?Action=Download&amp;File=6a40e8d11a40ac0a0555d49019ec56bc)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I need advice;;;So, I am a 20 year old male college student and have recently realized certain things about myself that are consistent with ADD symptoms.  What was mainly shocking for me is reading an article with a ton of symptoms and seeing that they line up perfectly with my mom, my sister, and me (mainly being inattentive for me but almost all symptoms were applicable to my mom and sister)  I've always been an inattentive person. I have trouble paying attention in class, especially now that I'm in college and teachers are less so "teachers" as much as "lecturers." Although, I still tend to make good grades because I am a very good test taker and usually am able to teach things to myself right before the test. I have a bad habit of starting projects and not finishing them, and I procrastinate on EVERYTHING. I also tend to have annoying habits that have gotten on peoples' nerves over the years (mainly during school) like beating my foot, clicking my pin, tapping my hands/fingers on the desk. Furthermore, in high school, I not once finished an assigned reading book that the class was working on. I always started and then got to page 3-4 and realized that I didn't comprehend any of what I just read and was thinking about something totally different. I've always summed these things up to normal. Although I generally hide it pretty well, I have a lot of insecurities which I attribute mainly to being made fun of incessantly in elementary school and middle school. (largely because I did not conform to societal expectations in terms of dress and hygiene until late middle school) It never crossed my mind that other people don't have these same difficulties.  Am I just imagining these things? I want to get tested, but neither of my parents would ever pay for that sort of thing. There is a history of mental illness on my mom's side of the family. (her mom is paranoid schizophrenic). My dad has lupus although that's not a mental illness as much as a central nervous system issue. My dad is supportive about me making a decision to do whatever I want but doesn't have the funds to pay for testing, and my mom would just write everything off as ridiculous. Do you think I should get tested for it with my own money? Furthermore, if I do get diagnosed with ADD, are the medications harmful? My dad seems to have the impression that the main drugs prescribed for ADD are permanently mind-altering and highly addictive, which scares me a lot.  Anyway, that pretty much sums up my situation.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What was it like for you growing up? How have you learned to adapt and cope, particularly those who are treatment-resistant or going without medication? AKA Is there hope for me and my family with a life coach?;;;My oldest child is turning 10 this summer. Since his birth, my family life has been nothing short of chaotic. I never knew I struggled with attention issues until I was required to split my focus; previously, I'd always been very energetic, capable, obedient, etc. He is on medication, but my husband and I would really like to try to take him off, at least for this coming summer. Since he started meds, our lives have been less tense and stressful, but we are still without any structure.   After ten years, I'm about done and fed up with the lack of structure in our lives. Thing is, I don't know how to create it. And I can't continue operating under the delusion that I should be able to simply do it, because all it does is make me feel pretty rotten about myself. My son struggles quite a bit, and I feel like I've failed him and my family because I've never been successful at modeling appropriate behavior for him. And my daughter... She is just like me, which makes me worry even more. It's not a simple matter of just doing it. I tend to become paralyzed in the face of any task, and in the grips of that paralysis I'll become hyper-focused on, say, organizing the dishes in the dishwasher, as opposed to... well, creating overall structure for my LIFE.   I'm on medication, but nothing has ever helped eliminate my inability to focus, ever. No slowing of thoughts, no sudden clarity, nothing like what I've heard other people experience. I'm trying not to let this break my heart, quite honestly. I've gone through most types of medication and hit the upper limits when it comes to dosage amounts. I currently take 60 mg of fast-acting Adderall, but this is only to help me stay awake once the late afternoon hits, or I have to drive anywhere more than 30 minutes from home. Frustratingly enough, I can take the full 60 mg in the morning, but still have no problem falling asleep for an additional three hours afterwards. My doctor doesn't understand my metabolism.   Sorry, I'm rambling. Basically, my life is the pits and my whole family is suffering. I know I need to be more structured, but there's more to it than knowing. I need guidance, and I wonder if it'd be best in the form of a bird on my fricken shoulder. A little peck and a chirp to keep me on task.   **TL; DR - Is a life coach my only hope? Has anybody used one here, and what was the experience like? Meds haven't helped. I don't want to turn into a crazy bird lady. Please. I need details, points of comparison, something to work with from people who get it and are living, really living.**    PS - This stuff is really devastating. I know people laugh and say, "Oooh, mailbox!" but it's so much more than that to me. I'm really to the point of feeling like there's no hope, and that I've done irreparable damage to my kids in the meantime. They're too old to rescue, you know? What if they never learn to cope because I never did and never showed them how? It's run over into all aspects of my life and it's overwhelming. I feel like I'm trapped, but I can't simply take stock of my prison - I must run in place for hours on end, or collapse in a boneless heap of general surrender and hope others will find me, or - please! - take over. If I could slow down long enough to ascertain what my first step should be, even have the option of taking that first step, then maybe I could start to improve. I want to cry. How on earth do people keep their posts so damn short?! Thank you for any input, and your time. I'm off to therapy. ARGH.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I'm not sure if I'm self-diagnosing myself accurately, but I'm terrified of the stigma of being a 20/M going to a psychiatrist for ADHD (more details inside).;;;First of all, I'm sorry if this question is asked too often, but it's nice to get replies addressed specifically to my situation.   Kind of a lot to set up the stage. I went to my school psychiatrist who was convinced I had depression and social anxiety and prescribed me with almost all of the SSRI's under the sun. I was also seeing a therapist at the time, who helped me deal with a lot of issues dealing with self-esteem. The antidepressants made me feel lethargic, unmotivated, and constantly in a fog, which is partially what I had gone to get fixed in the first place. Still, she kept switching me to new ones despite my protests (no luck on trying out Wellbutrin). Eventually I just didn't take them anymore and, thanks to the therapy, I'm probably the happiest I've ever been.  However, whereas before I was distracted by negative thoughts and fear of what others were thinking (which is what led to the depression diagnosis to begin with), I've found now I'm just distracted by anything else I can get my hands on. And I'm still just as unmotivated and unable to stick with anything for more than a few minutes (this post is all the result of too much caffeine) as before. My energy levels also fluctuate pretty dramatically (I don't know if this is related?), where I'll be gung-ho to try new things and make lists of everything I need to do (or write extremely long self-posts on Reddit with thousands of parentheticals), and then crash and dramatically plop on the couch (I should note that I doubt this is the result of caffeine, since it happens equally on days where I have too much and when I have none). I meditate with varying degrees of success, as well as exercise pretty frequently, but I've largely been unsuccessful in holding a lucid train of thought throughout the day to the point where it's getting in the way of school, my social relationships, and my confidence in my ability to get things accomplished. Conversations are difficult to hold, and I noticed myself getting completely distracted last night MID-LAUGH. I don't even know how that happens.  The problem: I've already been to a psychiatrist and ADHD was never even brought up. I've always figured that if I had it, I would know by now, and if I didn't know, my psychiatrist would have pointed it out as a possibility. I've taken Adderall to study before, and I felt that it brought out my potential (I didn't really get the euphoria, took a small dose), but I legitimately wouldn't plan on taking it other than as intended. HOWEVER, I know I could just have a severe case of laziness, and I know there is a huge stigma with college kids claiming they show signs of ADHD out of the blue. Am I just the result of the Internet age, poor time management, and no self-discipline? I've looked into PLENTY of time management techniques, but I abandon them once I get convinced they're not for me.  tl;dr: If I haven't been diagnosed with ADHD by 20, am I likely just trying to convince myself so I'll have an easy way out? The concept of prolonged concentration is totally foreign to me, but should I be able to surmount this challenge by myself?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Low dose of Adderall Induces calm, clear headed-ness. Could I have ADD/ADHD?;;;*Yes I know this may be considered "illicit" however, I am an adult with a genuine medical concern. If I am breaking rules please feel free to follow subreddit procedure as necessary and I apologize for wasting your time.*   I took an oral dose of 20/mg short release Adderall about 3 hours ago. The whole time I have felt calm, focused, and relaxed. I am finding it much easier than usual to carry on conversations, and less socially anxious. (I have been studying in a small group of classmates, whom I am usually very shy around). Are these typical results one would get if they have ADD/ADHD? From what others have told me they get hyper, super talkative, and move "a million miles an hour" when they take Amphetamine. Generally I have trouble focusing, and struggle with extended conversation. I worry that I may have an un-diagnosed mental issue, as it seems that this lack of focus and social inability has increased gradually since puberty. Could someone please point me in the proper direction?   I have brought these issues up with my family previously, but they are very old fashioned and see psychologists as "quacks" and wouldn't warrant me seeing them. Now that I am older (22) I can provide this service for myself. Is this a good idea, or will they not take this seriously either?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Already diagnosed, how do I get treatment without insurance?;;;I was diagnosed with add in high school and received treatment for many years through my university.  I am taking a couple classes at a local tech college, but their clinic doesn't seem to be substantial enough to offer treatment services for add.  How can I find a doctor who will prescribe medication for me and how do I minimize the cost?  Do I need to arrange a transfer of medical records myself before the appointment?  Should I research which medications are most affordable for me before I meet with the doctor so I can specifically request them?    The fact that I don't want to meet with a doctor frequently, don't have a lot of money to spare and want to choose my medication (probably the short term generic adderal or ritalin, I have taken both in the past) makes it seem like I will appear to be a drug seeker.  I'm not interested in straterra or vyvanse or something that I haven't taken because I'm not familiar with their side effects, they are more expensive and they would require multiple (expensive) visits to evaluate dosage and discuss how it is affecting me.  How do I put the doctor's mind at ease over this concern?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I've been focusing on maintaining healthy lifestyle habits for treatment. One that seems to be really helping is eating an egg each morning.;;;Background: I was having a very hard time focusing for a while or thinking clearly for that matter. I also had a palpable blunt pain (like permanent muscle pain akin to lactic acid build up from exertion) in my head. I looked into what I was doing and eating and one thing I realized was that my diet had barely any cholesterol. The symptoms got worst when I didn't have enough sleep (apparently among other things we produce cholesterol when we sleep?).   I've read that cholesterol is very important to our brain's activity. Just a tip for anyone suffering from adhd and/or depression to try if you don't have enough in your diet. If you have too much never mind. Most food you will find is rich in sugar, sodium and carbohydrates, though you would be surprised how little cholesterol you find in a lot of foods.   Of course this should be part of a whole good nutrition routine. Biggest meals should be breakfast and lunch, smaller dinner (contrary to American habits which don't follow energy needs over the course of the day). Fruits, vegetables make sure to get these in before you are full.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Need some input from experienced Adderall users.;;;Ok so i was recently diagnosed with ADHD and Bi-Polar.  My doc gave me Adderall 15MG twice a day to start.  The first 3 days i took it, i felt AMAZING, motivated, head was clear, happy, excited.  After those few days, i started just feeling, stuck in a "gray" state. Not caring about anything now, even video games which were always fun, are just blah. My mind seems empty and there is no feeling.  Does he need to increase my dosage? Maybe throw other meds in there? Does someone become that quickly tolerant to Adderall?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I'm a university-student and I suspect I suffer from ADHD. Where should I start to get help?;;;After reading almost every thread posted here in the last 5 weeks I am almost completly sure about me suffering from ADHD as there is so many people here who are diagnosed and had close to the exact same experience growing up and studying as me it can't be anything else.  So what should I do now?   **tl;dr**: I am very sure I suffer from ADHD. What do?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Skeptical Psychiatrist scared me away from treatment;;;About a year ago I went to a psychiatrist since I was having trouble concentrating.  Upon our first meeting she seemed pretty angry when I told her I thought I had ADD after hearing a local radio host explain his symptoms, and those closely mirroring mine .  She said something to the effect of "No, I don't treat for that," but heard me out nonetheless.   She diagnosed me with Adult ADD, but was extremely skeptical and kept warning me not to ask her for another prescription on multiple occasions.  I do not think I could have exhibited less of a drug addicted personality.  She picked the dose, and the medication, A choice I thought she was more well versed in making anyway.  Even after a year of going to her I feel extremely uncomfortable, and like a criminal when I go in there, so I have since stopped going.  My question is,  is it common for psychiatrist to have a preconceived notion that Adult ADD is a bogus condition?  I have very limited choices on where to go according to my insurance, but for sure will not go to this doctor again.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Ideas for high-stimulus hobbies? ;;;I am a 21yo recently diagnosed with attention deficit, and am currently taking Vyvanse &amp; exploring suitable lifestyle adjustments (due to related anxiety, etc.) with a therapist as well.   One idea was to set aside time and/or an activity just for myself, and that I 100% enjoy, but this is difficult. I enjoy my job and my schoolwork, but I find the pressure to to keep up or succeed is a large part of that enjoyment and motivation. Other than that, my favorite activities are skiing and ziplining (yep, adrenaline-chasing physical activities), which are impossible to do regularly due to time, money, and distance.   I am contemplating dance or hula-hooping classes, but I am very self-conscious in groups, especially when being bad at things (working on that). Also thinking about getting back into ice skating, but the cost, travel time, &amp; hereditary joint problems are major cons.  **TL;DR** I need something stimulating solely for enjoyment that won't involved being judged on merit (sex and video games don't count). Does anyone here have any suggestions for replacement hobbies for me? Or, if anyone has any personal stories about successfully finding hobbies, I would love to hear them!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Getting medication next week;;;So I've been on meds before for my ADHD (not the hyperactivity one, the other one that used to be called ADD), but that was a long time ago in middle school.  Fast forward a few years and now I'm a junior chemistry major that has _severely_ underperformed for my ability.  It feels unethical that I had to wait so long to get the re-diagnosis and prescription that I need to perform well academically (especially considering I want to go to graduate school).  My relationships with professors have been spotty at best (even though a couple understand what I've been going through, it's hard for them to see through the "laziness" that comes out due to my mental problems), and my grades have been awful (currently holding a 2.95, despite being one of the brightest majors, and one of the youngest).  It's crushed my self esteem, and I feel like I've had my education and college experience robbed because I couldn't get my work done.  I'll be struggling up until next week when I get the much-needed medication.  For you all who have gone through a period of time where you knew you needed medication, yet put it off or just didn't consider it as a real option, how much of a difference did it make?  I'm hoping (and kind of know despite not taking a semi-regular doseage of stimulant medication as a self diagnoses.  Repeat, I did _not_ do that for a week that would have been (was) the most productive of my academic career) that it makes a huge difference, and I can salvage this semester with good grades that prove to graduate schools that I'm a bright kid with amazing potential.  I'm ready to get past this stage in my life of constant depression and anxiety stemming from my ineptness with getting shit done.  I'm just getting anxious knowing that in about a week, I'll be finishing a transition into the person that I know I can be.    I'm not looking for anything in particular from you guys, I just thought that I could hear some of your stories while sharing mine.  For more background, I went to a highly competitive high school, took a shitload of advanced classes, got a full ride to a decent school then lost it in a year.  Back at a school near home, and after _another_ shitty semester, decided I needed to get real help.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Anybody else?;;;My roommate and I frequently use adderall and study together.  He can take a 30mg instant and then 30 minutes later eat a 3 course meal. I on the other hand, take 1/4 of a 30mg and within 60 seconds my heart rate is up, my eyes are wide, my lungs and nasal passges feel like they have never been more open in my life, I cant even stand the thought of food for at least a day, and sleep is not necessary for 2 days. I have been this sensitive to 7.5mg of adderall for 5 years now. From what I have read this isnt normal and I should have a tolerance by now. I was diagnosed extrememly mild ADHD when I was in elementary school about 15 years ago but I never took any meds until college.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How to tell relatives that you were diagnosed?;;;Not really much of a question but more of a rant.  I was recently diagnosed at the age of 25 after months at the doctors/psychiatrists.  After absorbing everything and getting the meds, filling out forms for disability, and having to submit countless papers to the government to get disability benefits (Tax Credits, Grants for school) I finally decided to tell my brothers and godparents (orphaned from a young age)  Now all this is fine and dandy, but when I try to explain it to family or close relatives what I have they deny it exists. I constantly get brushed off that   1) my choice of career option is wrong (my close family constantly dissaproves my choice of becoming a nurse, and refuse to see it as a trade... also might add that my brothers/relatives are very very "old country" mentality)  2) and that It's something I can control.  When I try to explain to them that I didn't purposely seek out treatment for ADHD and actually visited the doctors to terrible anxiety issues I was having that effected school, I then get hassled for seeing a doctor about my anxiety issues.    The thing is I havn't told my brothers yet, because I've been recieving aid from them, and I've already gotten yelled at a lot since my whole anxiety/panic attack ideals have started.  I just don't understand why people think it doesn't exist, because it involves the mind.  The same people who berate people like steve jobs who didn't listen to the doctors for convential treatment berate me because I got diagnosed with this from a psychiatrist.  It's very frustrating to deal with, but it also explains alot from the last 12 years.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD Characteristics in Canadian Aboriginal Children (2006);;;**Results:** The number of Aboriginal children found to have symptoms associated with ADHD is significantly higher than expected based on prevalence rates in the general population.  **Conclusion:** These findings suggest either a high prevalence of ADHD in Aboriginal children or unique learning and behavioral patterns in Aboriginal children that may erroneously lead to a diagnosis of ADHD if screening questionnaires are used.  [Full paper](http://www.scribd.com/doc/85232416/ADHD-Characteristics-in-Canadian-Aboriginal-Children) (PDF)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What is the worst time you've ever had explaining your ADHD?;;;I just recently recovered from a relapse.  I was working for a client who was my friend previously, he was a very successful entrepreneur. Something didn't feel right but he recently start losing all of the clients he consulted, he came to me emotional and needed to set up an online business.  I promised him I'd help him establish a successful online business so he can live a successful stress free life. I spent 14-16 hours a day on my computer researching passive income models and went from 30mg a day to 90-120mg.  I saw the path I was going down and quit. I asked him if I could take a break, he gave me another motivating sob story, and subtly mentioned "Well maybe it's not a bad thing if it's a tool to get what you want."  So I relapsed, lost all of my friends. I finally quit a second time, made a public apology on every social media outlet I had to be accountable for my poor decisions (In hindsight maybe not the best call, I just felt like everyone should know that I'm sorry and I want to get better).  Last night this guy, alongside my real friends to give me an intervention, but I've been clean for 2 weeks again and ripped up my next months prescription (Well I sharpied go fuck yourself on the name and posted it on my wall to remind me who I used to be). During this intervention while my friends tried to ask what's been going on, I attempted to explain it was working with him, however I'm still struggling formulating my thoughts into simple sentences so it was just a bunch of confused nonsense. He tried to revert the blame back to me and again in one sentence mentioned "However it did help you accomplish a lot in a short amount of time" and once everyone walked out it all became clear to me, so I did research.  He doesn't own any businesses, he only paid for LLCs under his name and did nothing with them He is losing all of his clients because they are all discovering "Psychic" abilities are just a glorified form of psychoanalysis. He makes up stories about spiritual gifts and used that to manipulate the emotionally weak (Which for awhile was me).  He hasn't paid me for my work in 3-4 weeks despite constant promises of setting up a direct deposit. Has lied about being affiliated to celebrities such as Howard Stern, I attempted to contact his publicist. Now that I've asked him before we meet please clearly define the goals of the meeting and pays me for my previous work. (Of which I've done web design, pod-casting, video editing, sound design research, social media marketing, researching a comprehensive diet plan (Which I've decided to optimize for my own purposes).  This all came together, I don't know why I just felt I needed to type this, he used his psycho-analytic techniques to manipulate clients, and picked apart the last bits of my social life and made me feel constantly belittled and powerless without Adderall.  If you read this thank you, it was hard for me to admit all of this, I've realized that Adderall gave me a false sense of confidence, being that ADHD is predominantly on the right side of the brain, I have a theory that dependency on a supplement to enhance my neurotransmitters communication with the left side reduces my ability to function without the drugs.  I'm taking another drug without stimulants, and writing down my daily schedule and I'm happier than I've ever been my entire life. Also I've had more personal success in my own businesses than I ever have. Also I have amazing friends.  TL/DR: Adderall is hard to quit once you go deep, may cause you to learn a lot of stuff, if you have a deep down gut feeling about something, it's for a reason.  EDIT: Not putting emails up to prove my point. Part of my detox was being enraged over dumb things. Basically. I was a Junkie.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Is it possible to have Anxiety and ADHD or is it only one or the other?;;;I know I should talk to a Psych first which I did. I had my interview done and will be with another University Psych next week.   But when I see her how can I make sure I get diagnosed properly.  Can I have both ADHD and Anxiety?  Here's what I think happens to me with ADHD  - I get bored of things easily and take a while to finish them if I have too.  - I get procrastinate a lot. Like finishing a paper during the night before it's due. - I forget a lot of details and make a lot of careless mistakes, for example reading a sentence wrong. - I feel totally uncomfortable in the university lecture rooms, like I just want to get up and not be there or something. - I was diagnosed with depression before but when I took the medication I just feel even less motivated than before. - I have little tendencies like fearing people drive too close too me.  - I sometimes can talk to people for 5 min and have good enthusiasm and then just stop caring and not having anything to say. - I have been having this feeling lately like I don't want to do anything and just play video games or just sleep and lie in my bed. - I looked up Restless Leg Syndrome and noticed I might have it, some students in high school were bothered by it but I never really noticed it. - I also periodically feel EXTREMELY tired or sleepy like in class or just at home on the computer and I have to sleep for a while, it's not if it's I have to sleep for 10-15min. I feel better later. - When things get piled up or there's too much to clean or organize I just won't do anything and leave it be.  Here's what I have for anxiety I think: - Afraid of new things like going to the interviewer for the first time. I try to be extra careful the first time I am doing something. But in the end I was extra nervous moving and  unconentrating. - My grades have dramatically decreased from Sophomore year to Freshman in College (I am in College now) with low gpa. - I sometimes sweat so much for no reason. - I find I concentrate better when I'm not thinking, but just doing anyone else feel this way? - I cannot think when I'm anxious it is so difficult. - When I play Starcraft II, the games are intense and when things get heavy I get so anxious, sweaty, unable to make commands or moves. No one else I know who plays this game feels this way during a match. I feel this way all the time.  - I am usually more confident with people around me that I know and tend to tense up and freeze around new people.  So I just want to know if it's ADHD or Anxiety. I don't know what anxiety it is exactly. But is it one or the other or both? If it's both how can I tell my Psych, and what should I go for meds or counseling? I feel I can control my anxiety as it only happens under certain circumstances.  Also sorry for my bad grammar, didn't proof read as it's late right now.  Thanks Reddit!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Using Caffeine to control ADHD symptoms?;;;I am in the process of being diagnosed with ADHD, and it is turning out to be more lengthy than I thought it would be. I was told by my counselor to contact my doctor about my symptoms two weeks ago (half way through the semester), and after getting a preliminary diagnosis I was reffed out to a psychologist for testing. On the 23rd I am going in to discuss my history of symptoms, then on May 5th I am going in for the 2 hour test and only on May 18th will I have a diagnosis.   The problem is this is going to be way past finals week and way past the point where it could help this semester. My grades are terrible due to the structure of the class (which hits upon all of my weaknesses), and I have so many projects to do, none of which I can focus on. Caffeine kind of calms me down, and I'm thinking about buying some no-doz to get things done. Has anyone had any experience self-medicating with caffeine, if so, how much was effective for you?  I was not perscribed any medication and won't be until I am done with the psychologist. I did get a bunch of book recomendations on how to deal with my symptoms...which would be great if I    a. Didn't already do 90% of the things they mentioned (from what I have read).  b. Had time to read.  I feel like I am sinking here...
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I wrote this while I was on addy and it was by far one of the best papers I've written in college.;;;I still cant believe I wrote this. Professor gave me a 97% on this take-home midterm. Just wanted to share the positive effects of adderall I guess haha :)  -------------------------------------------------------------- &gt;Briefly explain and assess the key aspects of the ‘commons’ debate—as exemplified by the intersection between Hardin’s 1968 essay and Buck’s 1985 rebuttal. &gt;  &gt;Now apply it to a current or historical ecological crisis of your choosing. After a brief introduction of the environmental problem in question—and an explanation of its ecological ‘commons’—please assess the relevance of both Hardin’s and Buck’s analyses. Does this particular ecological issue illustrate the ‘tragedy’ or the ‘triumph’ of commons—or both? How so? &gt;  &gt;Are commons realistic as a scale of reference in 21st century US? Are they in existence? Where? &gt;  &gt;Are the commons an efficacious or empowering as a mode of ecological care/governance? Why or why not?  --------------------------------------------------------------   **The Triumph, Tragedy (&amp; Comedy?) of the Commons**   The ‘Tragedy of the Commons,’ coined by Garrett Hardin in his 1968 essay, essentially discusses the effects of rational, self-interested individuals sharing a common natural resource. Hardin utilizes the classical example of medieval herders exploiting an unregulated pasture to the point of deterioration. Therein lies the tragedy as each rational individual pursues his or her own boundless interests in a world of limited and depleting resources.    Hardin develops a rather cynical view, holding the egoistic population accountable for the tragedy. Though he outlines a number of solutions that involve establishing regulations, his most stressed solution persists: “relinquish the freedom to breed…[for the] freedom to breed will bring ruin to all” (Conca 45). Indeed a radical albeit an unsurprising statement on Hardin's behalf, but I digress. If anything, Susan Buck, author of 'No Tragedy of the Commons,' would agree with Hardin that regulations are necessary to preserve natural resources; however, she disputes his interpretation of the classical example. Though her discrepancy may seem petty, Buck insist that objectively interpreting the law of the pasture is vital in implementing proper and effective regulations. Buck's contentions lie specifically with Hardin's idea that pastures developed from an unregulated condition to a controlled state—quite the contrary.   Buck asserts that even before the medieval era, regulation of the commons whether set by a private party or a governing entity were indeed implemented, even unanimously agreed upon and enforced by the public in some instances. The tragedy therefore, is not due to unlimited resources and unrestricted access; rather, it is the result of the industrial revolution, agrarian reform, and improved agricultural practices. Unlike Hardin, Buck is optimistic in the fact that the general population are law abiding and conscientious of the tragedy. Before monumental development took place, the commons, though “painstakingly regulated,” was utilized and benefited by all hence the ‘Triumph of the Commons’ (Conca 49). Buck primarily holds opportunists responsible for the deterioration of the commons as they initiated mass development that exploited natural resources. Even if the general population was not knowledgable of the tragedy, they would not have the means or capital to produce on the level that private entities have generated.    A modern day example of this concept is found right in my home state of Hawaii. In recent years, Spicy Ahi-Tuna bowls had gained immense popularity amongst the locals. The high demand for these delicious bowls of raw fish eventually caused a Bluefin tuna shortage in the islands in 2009. The tragedy of the commons is demonstrated here perfectly: as the demand for fresh tuna fish escalated, it was in the interests of rational fishermen to increase their daily catch of tuna so as to take advantage of the increasing profit margins. The common natural resource, which in this case was the tuna, was subject to the tragedy of being exploited due to overfishing.   Fortunately, the triumph of the commons manifested in a number of different ways. In order to prevent further damage, The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration implemented regulations that decreased the amount of tuna that could be caught every year (Lum 1). Additionally, sushi restaurant owners across the state also implemented their own set of preventative measures in the form of either increased prices for tuna dishes and/or decreased servings of it in each order; and the customers—who were well aware of the situation—happily oblige. Indeed compromises were made and more regulations were set in place; however, as the triumph of the commons dictates, everyone including the fishers, restaurant owners and even the customers relatively benefitted from the newly implemented regulations.     The Commons debate remains relevant in today’s society, now more than ever because of the increasing public awareness of evident environmental changes we all experience on a daily basis. For example, the public can observe a physical manifestation of the tragedy in underdeveloped countries such as the Philippines and India, where over population along with adamant self-interest has undeniably wreaked havoc on the environmental health of their country.    Despite being conceptualized almost 50 years ago, this concept still remains thoroughly discussed in academia to the point of platitude, substantiating its timeless relevance. Though many scholars agree that the Commons is a clichéd concept, it is for this very reason why it still remains an empowering, if not an efficacious tool in getting the public involved. All things considered, the 'Commons' framework is a fundamentally simple yet effective catalyst to begin one’s general understanding of ecological care and regulation as well as in identifying one's significant role in perpetuating the triumph of the commons and conserving natural resources.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Dad needs advice about son (5 yr old) being tested for ADHD;;;I just found this subreddit and hope to get some advice from you experts!  My five year old is in kindergarten.  Without getting into symptoms, both his teacher and us parents have noticed enough to want to get him tested.  While I've been researching about testing, diagnosis, etc. I have a number of questions/concerns I'm hoping this great community can help with.  * The previous minimum age for diagnosis was six, but now it includes 4-5 year olds.  Is this a controversial change?  Should I be skeptical of a diagnosis until it is confirmed at a later age?  * Many on the net seem to think that ADHD is over diagnosed.  Do you agree?  If so, what are the grey areas to look for?  * Any advice for what to look for or ask a clinician doing the testing (or potential treatment)?  I wonder just how firm the methodology for testing/treatment is versus the individual skills/opinion/experiences/etc. of the doctor.  Overall, I'm also concerned that now that he's been suggested towards ADHD that the diagnosis is being treated like a foregone conclusion.  If he has it I want the best treatment, etc. but this deserves a reasoned process.  Do doctors actually say nope...you don't have it?  Thanks in advance for your help!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Medication recommendation?;;;**I know this is long and complicated so I don't expect many (if any) people to answer but if you could take the time that would be great!  I'm very nervous about medication.**  So I was just recently diagnosed with ADD and will be getting my test results back tomorrow.  However, the waiting list for seeing a psychiatrist for medication trials is really long so I'll be going to my new (just changed areas) primary care doctor in the meantime.  In my experience, non specialized doctors who don't know you usually just give you the most popular medication that often doesn't work.  Was wondering if there's anything I can tell the doctor to help what he prescribes?  Also any recommendation on doses or your experience with medication (when to take it, what worked, what didn't, etc) would be helpful too!  Or if you have similar symptoms to mine (listed below) it would be great to know what worked for you!  Thanks!  **Info about me:**  I'm 20 years old and just recently (last year) became a very very busy professional programmer.  My main symptoms:  * poor organizational skills (home, office, desk, or car is extremely messy and cluttered) * tendency to procrastinate * **trouble starting and finishing projects** (big one for me) * frequently forgetting appointments, commitments, and deadlines * constantly losing or misplacing things (keys, wallet, phone, documents, bills) * underestimating the time it will take you to complete tasks * frequently interrupt others or talk over them * sense of underachievement * trouble staying motivated * talking excessively * doing a million things at once * tendency to take risks * getting bored easily * racing thoughts * poor mental clarity  For the record, I've been doing behavioral therapy for many years now and my problems only seem to be getting worse.  The problem really seems chemical like my brain is firing off too many thoughts for me to maintain.  I'm very hopeful that medication mixed with the current professional therapy I'm getting will finally get me results.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How do i deal with this?;;;I hope someone can help out. Got Adhd-pi diagnosed. I been laying down on the my couch for almost 2-3 years now, socially isolated in a town where i dont know anyone. No money and its going downhill fast. Ive been more active at times in my life, but my default state has always been to lay down, just stare unfocused at something and daydream the years away. Mental fatigue and anxiety has always been present.  Adderall/Vyvanse is not legal in this country so i got Concerta. Reading that only 20% of adhd-pi responds to this, im hesitant to take it. Especially since im alone and if something goes bad, no one can aid me. Odds are the legal medicines here wont do me good (one in five odds) and i dont want to be a test-subject unsupervised. Waiting for therapists which can take up to 2 years. Im in a very tough spot and need some guidance from you guys. The only positive is that my physical health is good and im not overweight. I still cant do tasks more then 30 minutes before i haft to lay down again, drink a lot of coffee and smoke cigarettes to do another 30 minutes.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Skin picker;;;So on the Vyvanse the side effect is skin picking. I cant stop my face is all scarred up now because i cant stop picking. How do I stop without changing my meds. I keep finding imperfections and pick and pick and pick.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Submissions from clearly anti-psychiatry/Scientology websites.  ;;;I think we need to put it on the right hand of the page that these things shouldn't be posted.  Just in the past week alone, we've had at least 3 people post articles from clearly anti-psychiatry websites.  These websites do not cite any peer-reviewed journals and a simple google research shows that they are clearly Scientologists.   Even the most credible websites (PBS) has some fucking up anti-psych stuff.  They tried to by neutral and capture both sides of the spectrum by having a "psychologist" with a PHD attack another researcher/MD and when the MD did his little paragraph for PBS he retorted back that the guy is employed by the CoS.  It's kind of a step backwards if we keep allowing these websites to alter people's perception of what the disease is.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Omitting of prior grades;;;Hey Guys  I'm in a stick situation.  Now while my last semester was OK, I did have a semester that really brought me down and is hurting my chances of getting the courses I need and completing what I want to complete on time.  I was diagnosed with A-ADHD during the spring semester, and have only recently just started my prescription of strattera.  I want to continue on with school but because of my previous failures in college but me commited to trying to finish it i've been constantly floating with a lower GPA which is effecting my registration times.  By the time I'm able to register especially for the summer semester I can't get into the courses that I need.  I find that ever since I got diagnosed that I've had a (severe) form of ADHD and it's difficult for me to do well in school.  It's so severe that my psyche wrote me disability forms.  Now that it's being treated properly I feel like my college isn't giving me the opportunity to succeed.  I'm intelligent and when I really put my mind to finishing something I do really well in it.  For example.  I started off the semester acing all my assignments but started tapering off at the end of the semester because I was being physically and mentally abused by my family, and evidently just gave up.  I was in such a depressive and misreable state that I didn't even know if I was going to make it to the end of the month.   Now I know it's probably a long shot but based on my current circumstances is there a way that I can get a better registration date for my fall semester?  I'm only about 1 full semester behind so I obviously don't mind re-taking these courses.  But I hope there is something I can do to get the old stuff omitted.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Did any one else's teacher every say this?;;;I was wonder when you were in high school and middle school dae have their teachers constantly tell you and your parents how " He is very smart , but is lazy and refuses to pay attention". I was wondering is that a common comment made by teachers of undiagnosed adhd sufferers?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;what do I say when I call a psych?;;;so, after about 4 months of putting it off, I finally found a psychiatrist near me who specializes in ADHD. But, Now I have no clue what the hell to say when I call. should I say I want to get tested for ADHD, or just that i want to talk to a psych? Im confused :(
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Recently diagnosed, feel more like shit now about my lack of focus, despite having something to blame;;;So I've thought for a few years that I might have ADD/ADHD, judging from fidgeting, memory, lack of attention at work, messy living/work areas, starting &amp; dropping hobbies constantly, etc. Earlier this year I went for formal testing for Adult ADHD (early twenties), and about a month or two ago (can't remember offhand) I did receive a formal diagnosis from a local psychologist.  Now, I've generally been at least slightly annoyed with myself for my lack of focus, but generally able to brush it off. However, I've now become over critical about myself--my lack of work, the mess in my apartment, how I haven't finished some personal projects I started months ago--and have begun to hate myself for it.  I've been on antidepressants for a few months shy of a year, but lately I've still been feeling like crap, and recently breaking up with my girlfriend of 2 years doesn't help. I've been seeing a nurse practitioner since last year for them, but she can't prescribe controlled substances, so I have to wait to see the doctor she works under before I can get any ADHD medication, which is still a month away.  So, I don't know what I'm really asking, or trying to say, or what, but  **TL;DR:** Recently diagnosed, feel more like shit now about my lack of focus, despite having something to blame
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Took my neuropsych evaluation a few days ago..;;;I don't hear back with results for a few weeks, but I'm kinda nervous cause i feel like i have adhd but am afraid the psychologist is going to say i dont.... i dunno i dont really have much to say just wanted to say something cause im kinda anxious about it. The tests I took were: -Tons of questionnaires  -I'm pretty sure the WAIS-IV IQ test, which had some fun stuff in it (puzzles, math problems) and some boring stuff (vocab, comparing words) -Wisconsin Card Sorting test (wasnt hard, but kept blanking out on the patterns and had to think about it for a while) -Tower of London test -Computer test with flashing numbers and audio of numbers too and had to click for certain numbers I saw and heard (was the hardest of all the tests, the numbers went by so fast it was hard to click in time, and was really boring)  Anyone taken one of these for getting diagnosed? I feel like not much has to do with my inattentiveness (besides the computer test) because all the activities were like less than 5 minutes and fun (except for the computer thing)  anyone know what kind of patterns someone with adhd would have on these tests?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Father wont let be on medication, how can i change his mind;;;Last week ago my pediatrician diagnosed me with ADHD and after visiting the cardiologist i was prescribed 18mg concerta, however my father wont let me get on medication since he thinks ADHD isn't a real thing and that drugs like concerta are "legal heroin".   This is horrible news for me, for the last few days i've felt depressed, lonely, and confused. What can i do to change my stupid fathers mind?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Question about med experience..;;;Hey Guys,  Thanks for having this subreddit, I've always been a little shame about having ADHD, but I guess through some therapy with my doctor, I've pretty much gotten over that.  I had a question about anyone's experience with meds.    I've gotten pretty good results with Ritalin, I've been diagnosed with ADHD-Hyperactive/Inattentive I guess.  Anyway I was on about 15mg but it got my pretty nervous/anxious, but it really helped me concentrate and study. My doctor was a little concerned about my being pretty anxious and on edge so he suggested I switch to Adderral, so I did.  I've been experimenting with dosage, and today I've tried the highest dose that I've tried so far with no luck, which is about 15mg.  I dont really get that concentration like I did with the ritalin, and it's pretty much just making my palms sweaty and feet sweaty that's all :(.  I was just curious if any of you guys had the same experience? Im probably going to ask my Doc if I can switch off of adderral.  Thanks guys!  tl;dr: ritalin made me nervous/anxious but worked well, switched to adderral, and at 15mg hasn't been helping.  need opinion if anyone else had the same thing happened? thanks  edit: my gf just told me that she noticed i've been pretty snappy with adderral too :(
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Question about ADHD symptoms;;;A friend and I have created a mental health Android app to help track symptoms and triggers for various mental health conditions (depression, anxiety, PTSD, etc.). It is in the earliest stages of testing. The app will be free, without ads, and open source.  Between the two of us, we cover a lot of the mental health conditions that might benefit from this kind of app. However, neither of us has ADHD. We want the app to be as broad and as useful as possible for all types of mental illnesses. So, if you were going to use an app to track symptoms of ADHD, their severity, and possible triggers/environmental factors, what would you specifically want it to be able to track? What unique things about ADHD would be helpful to you if they were recorded?  The idea is to provide the user with a log of symptoms and stuff while having reports that the user can print out to show to a therapist or psychologist.  Any suggestions you have are appreciated.  **EDIT:**  *Here's some info I typed out for someone in another forum. It should answer a lot of the questions people have brought up below.*  Thanks for the questions. I honestly appreciate them.  The idea of the app is just about tracking the info for the user. We don't interpret data. We'll have some statistical analysis and graphs about the data the user put in just for info purposes.  The app will have default symptoms that the user can use or not use. Most of the default list comes from personal experience and some of the DSM-IV diagnostic criteria. There will also be the ability to add customized symptoms if what you want to track isn't in our default list.  All data is stored locally. We haven't considered putting a password on the actual app because people can have lock screens on their phones but I don't think it would be too hard to implement if there was a desire for for it from a lot of users. If someone is worried about losing his/her phone, I think a remote wiping app/function would be the best way to handle this because there is probably a lot of other data that the user would want deleted too.  This isn't so much a journaling app as it is a logging app. It allows someone to log symptoms or triggers as they happen. A person could do both written journaling and use the app (or not use our app if they don't like it or it isn't helpful). The main idea of the app is just a handy way to track what happens and when so the user (and his/her therapy professional if he/she chooses to share it) has access to the data that was recorded in real time.  The open source part allows anyone to see what happens to the data. It doesn't leave the phone unless the user tells it to. (The only way I can think of that the data could currently leave the phone is if the user chose to email one of the reports to someone or printed one of the reports.)  The idea for this app came out of my own needs and the lack of an app that could track everything I wanted to track. I used to use eMoods which is specifically for Bipolar users. I'm not Bipolar but it worked even though it was kind of "off" for my particular illnesses. After about 6 months of use, asked the author if he'd add one certain symptom to the tracking or allow users to change the default categories. He was very polite but said he didn't have the time to modify the app but might in the future. After looking at tons of other apps to see if one could work I decided the only way to really get what I needed to was to make my own. The idea was that it would be much more flexible and allow a person with almost any mental illness to track symptoms and triggers.  I talked with a friend of mine (also with his own issues) and we decided to make it happen. It was (and is) very important to me personally (paranoia being one of my little devils) that the app be transparent and not use any permissions it absolutely, positively didn't need. It won't display ads and it is open source and free. You're free to modify the app and/or compile it yourself if you like.  Obviously no one is required to use it and if someone just does not want their data on a phone then this wouldn't be the app for him or her.  The only personal benefit we will get from the app is the ability to track/log the specific symptoms of our own illnesses we want to track. We just tried to make it very customizable so anyone with any mental illness might be able to find it useful.  We both just happen to suck at graphic design and while we can create a cheesy icon, we'd rather it look decent. That's why I was asking if anyone had skills in that area who would be willing to make an icon for us.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Fellow ADDers of reddit... I'm buying my first smartphone, and I need your help! ;;;Officially diagnosed with ADD from an early age... it's not too bad, but I'm incredibly forgetful and disorganized. I'm getting a smartphone before I head off to college, but I would like to pick one that, in addition to playing music, has good internet, and a load of apps, etc. has a convenient interface full of the following: a connection with my Google calendar,  a system of reminders, a system for entering in new errands/requests I pick up randomly from conversations, and any more apps that would otherwise help me to remember my responsibilities/allow me to manage my schedule. Many thanks in advance! I apologize if this is difficult to read.  **EDIT: Sprint is my service provider, sorry to the folks who recommended an iPhone already :/ Thanks anyway! **EDIT2: Huurrr duurrr... did some research (as in, simple google search), found that sprint DOES offer plans for iPhones. I'll look into it, from the sounds of it a 4S would be perfect for me!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;hello fellow misfits, I've just been diagnosed with adhd and am wondering what effect medication has had on your ability to articulate both in writing and speech. Thanks to all of you in advance;;;This is the first subreddit that i've seen that actually has guidelines specifying how to properly format a wall of text. i think that's kind of funny.  I am nineteen years old. I am in college and doing well.   I've never been proud of my abilities to hold conversations, whether they be light-hearted or technical. Likewise, I've never liked the way I write. I think I come across as dull despite my accomplishments that say otherwise. That is one thing that I would love to change. I've processed so much information in my life but I feel like it is stored somewhere and forgotten like so many other things in my life (car keys, papers, children, etc.). I can never get it out in an articulate manner that might indicate that I'm knowledgable. And that's annoying.   Is this typical of ADHDers or is this just a part of me that won't really change no matter what medication I use?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I See Your Bedwetting Post and I Raise You Compulsive Masturbation;;;Get your poker faces and throwaways out. I am a guy and I have had a time, unemployed, not in school, without structure, without a true diagnosis/education...during which I could not get myself to wake up on a regular schedule and I could not get myself to go to sleep. It was a serious challenge to get any kind of exercise. It seemed like a major challenge to feed myself until I was famished. I used the internet to feed the beast, and naturally that always led to at least some porn.  Sometimes masturbating as many as 9 (+?) times in a day. Also, some days I would skip, that is, I would stay up so late, for absolutely no reason, that I would try just stay up until it got close to the next night.  __________________________________________  I would try to set some goal, seriously any goal, wake up, work out, apply to one job, hang out with one friend, read a book, read part of a book. Many people would do all of this everyday, I would try to just to one, then my brain would tell me that I should do them all, but then I do none. I just play a video game or jerk off compulsively.  I didn't make any sense. I was a top 50 university graduate in a very challenging major! I could speak another language! I was athletic! I had traveled to multiple countries! I was tall! I was good looking! I was funny! I had a relatively wealthy family! **I could not bring myself to have a single day in which I took care of all the life basics!**  * hygiene * nutrition * exercise * relationships * applying to a job  *tl;dr: I had nothing to do, so I just jerked off and/or started at a computer screen. I wasn't quite depressed. I wasn't quite helpless. But I was definitely floundering. I amount of effort it took to do anything was astounding.*
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Is there any promising research being done in the way of medication and therapy for ADHD?;;;I know we have these stimulants that help a lot but they cannot cure ADHD and there may not be any way to cure ADHD. I'm just wondering if we're stuck with the medication we have from now on or if researchers are still making progress towards new meds
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Amphetamines and working out?;;;I need to go on an endurance workout tomorrow. I know amphetamines already increases heart rate. Will this effect my work out tomorrow? Should i take more or less of my regular dosage?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;From what i've read, most ADHD posters are parents of children with ADHD, Do you realize how badly you are damaging your child?;;;I would like to start off by saying I'm 17, and I have ADHD. I took medication when I was in the 3rd grade and It did nothing to help. Have any of you ever though that perhaps your children do not actually have a dissorder? They simply have a personality trait that you don't like, but hey look the doctor will drug your kid into behaving the way you want them to! Take it from someone who knows, Giving your children drugs to calm down just makes them feel like crap about themselves. They feel like they're not good enough, not only are they no good enough for mommy and daddy, they are so bad that mommy and daddy hired a freaking doctor to "fix" them. My relationship with my parents has become a disaster since I was a child, while my two non-ADHD siblings have the normal relationship I would have had if my parents hadn't convinced me I needed to be "fixed" Yes children get hyper or distracted, it's who they are, but your missing the point that maybe the reason theyre not paying attention isnt because they can't, it;s because they just don't find interest in what is being said. It's basically the equivilent of if someone was to make you sit in a lecture on how to propperly floss for several hours, and tell you to be quiet, sit down, and shut up. When your kids get older and they find things that do interest them THEY WILL PAY ATTENTION. As I mentioned before when I was 6 years old I was told I had AHDH, and was put on medication when I was 8. I have been off my medication for 9 years and I am currently graduationg early from an accelerated magnet school with 4 year college BioMedical course under my belt. Your kid may not find Artificial Insemination and calculation hieght of a skeleton simply by the humors length as interesting as me, but they will find something interesting and give it there all. My whole live my parents always told teachers how I was too hyper and that they needed to "understand" if I acted out, in return teachers were surprised I acted like a normal kid. This has been the case with every other ADHD kid I have known.   Another small tidbit to add, back when you were children ADHD didn't even exist yet, It is something that was made up only in recent years that many believe could have an extremely negative impact on our future by giving millions of children low selfesteeem from a young age.  I know this is a bit of a rant, and it comes off sounding intirely like my personal opinion but I just hope you at least listen, millions of child "diagnosed" with this "behavioral dissorder" grow up to be screw up because of it. It is a well known fact that teens with ADHD are more likely to commit suicide, and I personally have been clinically depressed since the young age of 12 years old. It is not because of the ADHD, it is because we've were told they're not good enough from the start, without ever being given a chance.  More on link between ADHD and teen depression: http://womansday.ninemsn.com.au/lifestyle/family/8100758/teens-with-adhd-are-more-likely-to-have-suicidal-than-other-teens  TL;DR telling your kid there is something wrong with them and giving them medicine to "fix" them only implants the idea in their head that they are not good enough, and raises their chances of depression and suicide.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Strong Adult ADD/ADHD Symptoms, Seeking Guidance;;;Hello!  I just stumbled upon this subreddit and I believe you might be able to help me a little. I'm seeking some guidance... When I was in 2nd grade I began getting really frustrated because I didn't understand anything and would throw things in class and at home. My parents did all the appropriate testing and I was diagnosed with severe dyslexia, ADD, and other learning disabilities. My dad refused to let his kid be on medication, but they did send me to The Schenck School in Atlanta for 3 years to help teach me how to learn with my disabilities. I am so thankful that they did this because otherwise I doubt I would have even graduated high school. I even managed to graduate with a Bachelor of Science from a well known university. (The only reason I made it through college was because I bought Adderall illegally.) I am now almost 25 yrs old and working at a bank. Until recently, I thought my dyslexia and learning disabilities were my biggest challenge, however after doing a little research on adult ADD/ADHD I've realized those symptoms have taken over my life.   * I have a difficult time concentrating on things,  * I zone out a lot,  * I have poor listening skills,  * I have absolutely zero reading comprehension skills,  * I procrastinate,  * I'm very impulsive,  * I don't have much self-control,  * I most definitely have addictive tendencies,  * I really don't do well with frustration,  * I can't sit still for very long,  * I'm easily flustered and stressed out,  * I can be irritable,  * I'm hypersensitive to criticism,  * I have a sense of underachievement,  * I have a temper,  * I have very low self esteem,  * I'm insecure,  * I can't make decisions,  * I get bored easily,  * My brain never stops thinking of random crap, and  * I definitely have hyperfocus (a tendency to become absorbed in tasks that are stimulating and rewarding).   Now that I am an adult and can choose what I do with my life, I'm considering attempting to get an Adderall prescription. I, honestly, don't know how in the world to go about this. The one thing I know is that I perform so much better at life on Adderall. If I had a prescription, I might even try for grad school.... Do you, Redditors, think I would be a candidate for a prescription and, if so, what is the world is my next step? A doctor? A Therapist? A Counselor? I just have no idea...  **TL;DR** I was diagnosed with dyslexia and ADD at a young age and am battling with it as an adult. Do you think I am a candidate for an Adderall prescription? If so, what do I need to do?  Thank you for your input!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I need advice.;;;Hey r/adhd, let me introduce myself first. I am a 17 year old guy who was  diagnosed with ADD when I was 11. Pretty much, I don't know what to do, concerning going back on medication. I stopped taking adderall when I was 15, I hated the way it made me feel. I never had an appetite, it made me feel like a zombie, and I was embarrassed about the fact of taking it whenever I ate at lunch. Ever since I went off the pills my grades have been slipping, I try my best to focus in school but it seems like whatever I do they still go down. My grades were better when I took Adderall, but I can't decide if it's worth the downsides. I've talked to my doctor and he thinks if I take a lower dose then it might help a little bit, but I'm just not sure. What do I do Reddit? Do I finish my graduating year next year without any meds, or go back on them and become an emotionless zombie and probably lose weight? Thanks for the help.  TL;DR Don't want to go back on pills, but grades are going down. What do I do?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Alternative ADHD treatments based on empirical evidence. ;;;I don't personally have ADHD, but I am very interested in attention research and always seek ways to improve my attention. I am also conducting some research on ADHD and self-control.  I recently found this subreddit and was quite surprised at the emphasis on medication. While medication seems to be the primary mean to address the symptoms of ADHD, we don't know the long-term outcome, but the general notion is there is little positive change.1. In addition, medication is known to be associated with cardiovascular problems among other negative side effects. 2. Don't get me wrong, I think medication can be a matter of living life happily and suffering. But this is just the mean by which our society decided to deal with this problem most effectively.  There is a lot of research currently done on ADHD little of it is utilized in therapy. I will try to highlight some key alternative treatments to ADHD that don't involve medication and usually result in long-term changes. Some of these things require personal interest to address your own problem which may be difficult as ADHD is associated with poor self-control and difficulty maintaining behaviors that go beyond instant gratification. But I hope you will see this as an avenue to become less dependent on medication, take things into your own hands, and seek long-term positive lasting changes.   1. This may be very obvious but it's critically important to address this issue first. Nutrition! Improper diet, deficiency of nutrients, food additives and allergens have been linked to ADHD. 3,4,5. If you know you are not eating properly alter your diet. Make sure you are getting your fatty acids and minerals! Nutrition is not likely root of the problem but you can't expect your mind to function properly without having a balanced diet.   2. Second point is just as obvious but also very important. Exercise! It's good for you in general. While human brain only represents 2% of total body weight, this organ uses almost a quarter of all the bodies energy supply. Not only do you need to make sure you have adequate energy supply for proper functioning, you also need to have good metabolism. There is plenty of evidence to suggest regular physical exercise promotes concentration, well being, alertness. Recent evidence suggests benefits to ADHD population as well. 6. Also recent research started looking at ADHD as a disorder of inadequate self-regulation. 7. There has been several studies done to support the idea that physical exercise improves self-regulatory capacity over many domains including regulation of attention. 8. If you know you lack exercise I would recommend an aerobic routine. I was surprised how much better I was able to concentrate just by doing a 30 minute jog 3 times a week.   3. Meditation is another good alternative. There must be dozens of scientific papers suggesting meditation as a mean to improve impairments due to ADHD. 9. Although it may be only applicable to a subset of ADHD population  there are many benefits to reap from meditation. go to [http://www.reddit.com/r/meditation](http://www.reddit.com/r/meditation) to get more acquainted with this practice.  4. Working Memory Rehabilitation Programs. Working memory has been associated with attentional functioning. Individuals with low-working memory capacity (sometimes due to traumatic brain injury) may benefit from these treatments the most. You can see if you are part of this population by engaging in working memory games you can find online. If you are deficient in working memory, you can do [Cogmed](http://cogmed.com) rehabilitation program it's pricey but its based on empirical evidence and produces long lasting improvements in individuals with ADHD. 10. If this is not feasible at the time, recent research has looked at effects of dual n-back working memory task on ADHD population which showed significant improvements by engaging in this task 30 minutes a day 5 days a week. This task and associated research is available online for free at [http://brainworkshop.sourceforge.net/](http://brainworkshop.sourceforge.net/)  5. Finally Neurofeedback. I can see on the right hand site of this subreddit that it's considered non-empirical alternative to ADHD treatment. But there are a lot of scientific papers on the topic now with support of its effectiveness!! Here is a site with overview on neurofeedback research: [http://www.addcentre.com/Pages/ADHD-NFB.html](http://www.addcentre.com/Pages/ADHD-NFB.html)  I also want to say that these treatments may be done in combination and immediate cessation of medication is unnecessary. The purpose of these additional treatments is to reduce the dependency on medication, and seek long-term psychological changes.   Apologies for grammar/spelling.  References:  1. Benedetto Vitiello. Long-Term Effects of Stimulant Medications on the Brain: Possible Relevance to the Treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology. March 2001, 11(1): 25-34. doi:10.1089/104454601750143384.  2. http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp068049#t=article  3. Roseanne Schnoll, Dmitry Burshteyn and Juan Cea-Aravena. Nutrition in the Treatment of Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Neglected but Important Aspect. APPLIED PSYCHOPHYSIOLOGY AND BIOFEEDBACK, Volume 28, Number 1 (2003), 63-75, DOI: 10.1023/A:1022321017467  4. Natalie Sinn. Nutritional and dietary influences on attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Nutrition Reviews Volume 66, Issue 10, pages 558–568, October 2008  5. Curtis Luke T.Patel Kalpana. The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine. January/February 2008, 14(1): 79-85. doi:10.1089/acm.2007.0610.  6. Halperin JM, Healey DM (2011) The influences of environmental enrichment, cognitive enhancement, and physical exercise on brain development: can we alter the developmental trajectory of ADHD? Neurosci Biobehav Rev 35: 621-634.  7. F. Baumeister PhD, Kathleen D. Vohs. Handbook of  Self-Regulation  8. Megan Oaten*, Ken Cheng. Longitudinal gains in self-regulation from regular physical exercise. British Journal of Health Psychology Volume 11, Issue 4, pages 717–733, November 2006  9. Zylowska, L., Ackerman, D.L., Yang, M., et al. (2008). Mindfulness meditation training in adults and adolescents with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disordera feasibility study. Journal of Attention Disorders, 11(6), 737–46.  10. http://www.cogmed.com/research
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;IAMA ADHD coach, /r/adhd mod, meditator, yoga practicioner, ADHD support group facilitator, blogger, and diagnosed w/ ADHD 12 years ago. AMAA ;;;Hello /r/adhd! I felt it might be time for me to do an AMA and share a bit about myself with the community. I have been an active moderator, contributor, and commenter for the past few months (thanks to hyperfocus). I have seen the community grow from 1000 to 3500 over that time. I am the one mostly responsible for the changes in CSS and the weekly threads.  Ask me about  * Yoga and meditation * Support groups * Being a moderator here * Anything ADHD * ADHD Coaching * Anything else  *** ##Who I am  Lets see. You all have ADHD so maybe bullets might help me explain this easier  * **Basic Info**: Male. 29. Red hair. Married.  * **Personal ADHD History**: Went in to be diagnosed with depression back in 2000 at age 17. Got diagnosed with depression and ADHD-PI (surprised me. Didn't know much about ADHD). Only person in family with ADHD.  * **Medication history** - Ritalin (1 yr) Concerta (1 yr) Adderall XR+IR (10 yr) Vyvanse (2 months) * **Professional ADHD Experience**- I have been an ADHD coach for over a year with 18 clients ranging from ages 12-55. I run 2 monthly support groups (an adults with ADHD and parents of ADHD children). Volunteer at a local non-profit ADD Resources.  *** ##Influence of yoga and meditation  **Meditation enabled me to discover the present moment and see things in a clear way (not filtering my experience through my thoughts).** I started meditating on the breath just for the concentration benefits, but soon noticed an explosion in awareness. I practice mindfulness meditation, walking meditation, metta (loving-kindness) meditation, and many other forms. Sometimes guided. This has really helped me notice my thoughts and judgements, see them as an observer, and see how random our minds really are. (I could write for hours on meditation alone so I will just answer specific questions).  **Yoga has allowed me to get in touch (and forge a stronger connection) with my body and mind.** I started yoga initially just for the stretching aspects. My knees hurt so bad I was about to get MRI's done on both and my lower back had a lot of pain. After doing yoga for 2 months my knee and back pain has disappeared. I used to live from the neck up (in my thoughts). I had little awareness of my body and often hurt myself by pushing too hard exercising. Yoga helps bring the body and mind together and work in a more fluid way. I now want to become a yoga teacher and teach it to groups of people afflicted with Aspergers, ADHD, or other similar disorders. *** ##ADHD Coaching For general questions about ADHD coaching I highly recommend you view what [Nancy Ratey says about ADHD coaching](http://www.nancyratey.com/adhdcoaching). If you have questions about my specific coaching (or more after reading that page) please ask!  An ADHD coach understands the ADHD mind and places an emphasis on time management/awareness, setting various reminders, and helping the client discover a system which works for them.   As a coach I believe the client is fully capable and has all the answers. I just ask questions and empower them to discover the power inside themselves. Once again I can go for a while about this but it will be easier for me to answer more specific questions. *** ##My blog ~~I haven't blogged since I discovered /r/add.~~ HA! I just wrote an impromtu blog post to break the streak. Didn't want to point you all to an apparently abandoned blog...I will hopefully start posting there more often. I already wrote an article written on procrastination (6 months ago on the importance of just starting/part 2 will be about finishing) but I haven't written the last couple sentences.   I am not much for self-promotion but here is a link to my blog and some other ways you can follow/keep in touch. *** ##Follow/Connect with me Blog: [The Scattered Mind](http://www.thescatteredmind.com) Twitter: [@brandonkochpc](http://www.twitter.com/brandonkochpc) Google+: [My google plus page](https://plus.google.com/113650690829717847863/posts) *I plan to start being much more active here on the topic of ADHD (and life).*
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;My long journey with getting a proper diagnosis (LONG READ). Anyone else have similar experiences. ;;; My journey with figuring myself out: I'm not diagnosed with ADHD, however ever since freshman year of high school (I am currently a Sophomore in College) I have been doing gradually worse in school year by year. I started having anxiety and depression. I thought I was also just lazy (maybe I am) so after being very desperate I saw my doctor. He told me to see a Psychiatrist and prescribed me Abilify. I've also had blood tests done and everything was normal. I felt much worse on it. So I sought for help at my University Center for Psychological services and I was recommended to have a sleep study done. The Psychiatrist at my Uni also recommended this. Fast-word to June this year (took a while for my insurance and appointment for the sleep study) and I'm sleep disorder free. My next step is to now see my Psychiatrist again as the Psychologist who I was seeing for counseling has left the University.   Did anyone else have trouble getting diagnosed with ADHD, did it take a while? I'm really hoping the Psychiatrist doesn't make me get more testing done as school is starting soon.   I'm almost certain it's ADHD, the symptoms and experiences I've felt are just so similar in my opinion. I mean I now know there's no disease that's causing me too lose focus or trouble concentrating. I know it's not a sleep disorder. It's not depression as I never thought of hurting my self, maybe just a little sad due to my low achievements or making mistakes all the time. I know it's not GAD as I have never had a panic attack, just simple anxiety school related. I also have social anxiety, I tried to have a relationship once but I just lost interest in her and it was hard to manage and pay attention. I also had horrible anxiety driving (like worrying how close a car is next to me). Now that I think of it it's hard for me to adapt to new things in general.  I don't have a feeling where I want it to be ADHD, but the evidence and research I've done greatly supports ADHD-PI. I'm not saying that my research surpasses the education of a Psychiatrist. I'm usually a shut in, I hardly ever go out. I have never went to a party, I don't drink alcohol or do any drugs. I also don't smoke. Yet I still do bad in school. I used to do good and I was recommended for GT and Honors classes going into High School, I guess things just got overwhelming. Now I'm stuck doing poorly in College (I luckily got into a decent one). I also understand medication is not the only treatment and it's not magic, which is why I'm also seeing an Academic Counselor to help get organized.  So my main question is when going to the Psychiatrist should I write something up why I think it's ADHD? Including my life experiences? Will that be helpful? Any ideas on how I can also facilitate a proper diagnosis?   Thanks guys, sorry for the long read and grammar issues I'm writing this up at 5 in the morning with a fever (saw a doctor for it will be fine in a couple of days).
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How does everyone deal with personality swings? (rush, rebound);;;Hello, r/ADHD. I'm almost 16, female. Diagnosed about a year ago. Don't want to say too much, but the discovery honestly changed my life for the better. Self destructive thoughts went away.  I'm European, no idea what it's called here but I got Concerta and could put away my antidepressants. The latter made me gain weight and Concerta suppressed my appetite for a bit, so I finally lost the pounds overweight I had. Happy happy happy. Year later. Completely lost concentration, eating like a pig all day (not gaining though), and the only thing the meds did for me was controlling my motorical dysfunctioning. (As in life-ruining clumsiness, I always broke everything and fell upon/over everyone and everything) Ritalin..Adderall? I guess, worked, but in bouts, and the rebounds were so bad and it worked so shortly that I could only take that to prolong the effects in the afternoon. Rebound would cause great depression though.   Now I'm on..medikinet? Don't know American name, again, sorry! Works 7 hours. Mild same side effects as concerta, but works strongly. Need to take it two times a day. When I'm on it (like with concerta first) I can handle everything, my noradrenaline levels are fixed, I can DO things and REMEMBER things and I'm finally not being bullied in school.  I can't help thinking that it's awful that I rely on meds SO BADLY, and it changes my whole personality at that. Meds = happy. No meds = depressed. How do you handle that? How do you say to people, "well, yeah I can do that...wait, 5PM right? Hmm, by then I probably have gotten my second round of methylfenidate and my neurotransmitters will work, so I think we could meet then. " What if this will decrease in working on my concentration as Concerta?  Sorry for the rant, it's hard to find people with ADD in my daily life. (Besides the family I inherited it from, but they're fine with always losing everything)  **TL;DR: I feel like a failure without meds and my personality changes completely in rebounds and at random. How do you deal with being two-faced? I'm scared these meds will decrease in effectiveness as my previous meds. How do you deal with this?**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What meds to take?;;;Hello, a bit of backstory. I got diagnosed with ADHD when I was about 5 i think. Im from Australia. I has been on dexamphetamine for 2 periods in my life and both have ended with major depression. It turned me into a zombie as well. The second time when I was in charge of it, I actually became addicted to it and would often take 4-5 times the prescribed amount. It was terrible.  Im off it now, have been for 3 years, its great. My problem is im trying to juggle full time work, full time university, and depression (yes im very badly depressed again). The depression comes from a few things but part of it is knowing I can do so much but at the same time I cant. I feel helpless when it comes to completing anything. I havent wanted to go back to meds because I became addicted to them last time but I really need them to get my life on track.  I guess Im just after some guidance and/or suggestions on what to take.  Also, havent seen anyone yet, still kind of scared to. Guess I just dont want to look weak maybe... Thanks for any responses :)  EDIT: Sorry for the bad grammer its late. Also discovered this subreddit about a week ago and have been lurking ever since, the support on here is amazing.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I know it is not Win Wednesday for a little over an hour, but boy do I feel like I am winning. [post medication update];;;I was recently diagnosed and posted about taking my meds for the very first time. I am on 1-2 10mg tablets of adderall per day and have been for the past few weeks. During my first day on medication I was much more focused and ended up cleaning my room and doing my laundry [detail post.](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/usc45/is_this_what_being_normal_is_like/)  Since the last post I have started my summer internship and things are going amazingly well. I am exceeding everyone's expectations for what I am able to accomplish, as well as the speed and quality of execution (They were already pleased with my work quality before meds). I have been told that I am awesome by everyone I work with on a daily basis, which is great.  Even more, as of now I have two pending job offers, both with the potential to start before I even get my bachelor's.   What's even more:  * I go to sleep at a reasonable hour, meaning I get enough sleep.  * I am so much less stressed and actually enjoying myself at work.  * I am much more able to nap if I need to due to my thoughts not racing as much. * My ability to articulate my points has improved. * I even look better. When I am on medication, my sinuses are less clogged, which helps with allergy-related eye puffiness.  The only downsides I can think of are having to drink more water to stay hydrated and, if I forget to ask for decaf in the morning, I feel uncomfortable. I basically feel like everything is buzzing. It is weird because caffeine on it's own makes me tired and adderall on it's own makes me calmer and slightly more subdued.   TLDR: I feel like I am finally becoming the person I want to be.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Today was my first day on Vyvanse, 40mg and I'm not sure it's right for me. Help?;;;I felt stimulated, that's for sure, but mostly as if I had ingested a large amount of caffeine. I was restless later in the day, like my head and body couldn't unwind. I've also read others mention the constant *sigh*ing (as if short of breath), and I experienced that too.   I've done a little reading on d- and i-amphetamines, but it still seems unclear. I'm wondering if i would benefit from a different medication (like Adderall XR?) that would give a more direct impact on concentration, rather than mood. Help?  I'll take all this to my psychiatrist, but I'm hoping for insight from those who have experience with both, or multiple, medications.  **TL;DR** The dopamine rush on Vyvanse was noticeable, but didn't impact my concentration like I'd hoped for. Could another medication/dosage be a better fit? HALP!!!  Edit: for clarity.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Update to 6 year old son diagnosed with ADHD;;;Hi All.  So today my son had the last of the 3 tests requested by his Neurologist.  Today was the EEG.  Augh.  Poor little guy.  He sobbed and had a total melt down in the parking lot before going into the Neurologist's office for the test.  The nurse and I had to bribe him to get him to cooperate.  Normally I don't bribe but in this situation I wasn't worried about my parenting, just felt sorry for all the stress he was under... you know?  He had the EKG last Friday, the MRI on Tuesday and he was so brave and didn't cry once!  Not even when coming out of the "sleep" they put him in for the MRI.    **I feel crappy that I didn't think to prepare him more** or pay attention to how all the stress was building on him.  This last test was just the straw that broke him.  But he did it!!  And I am so proud of him.    **To the poster who encouraged me to give more positive feedback to him while he is putting forth effort to accomplish things:** I made a point to tell him through all of these things how brave and proud I was of him for trying to lay still, or hold his arms down or whatever the nurse was instructing him to do.  Thank you for that advice!!  We are using it moment to moment and I can see his confidence building.  **The Neurologist prescribed today Focoline RX 5mg.**  And I got it from the pharmacy tonight so we can start it over the weekend.  I want to be sure we have time to notice any adverse reactions to the meds while he is with us for the full day.  (During the week over summer months he attends a Taekwondo camp while we are at work.)   **So this is my list of things I am looking out for, let me know if I am forgetting something:**  Increase in occurrence of his tick  Loss of appetite  Vision change- honestly no idea how I can figure this out **anyone have a tip of how to tell if his vision is blurred?**  High blood pressure- we did purchase a blood pressure machine but it didn't come with a children's cuff so we are ordering that.  They say "Unusual Behavior"   **what in the world does that vague statement mean?**  **Any other tips?**  I am mixing the meds in a spoonful of applesauce and am aware I should tell him to swallow and not chew it because chewing destroys the controlled release of the meds.    An aside: I started reading Russel Barkley's book,  **Taking Charge of ADHD, Revised Edition: The Complete, Authoritative Guide for Parents**  And I am finding it very informative.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;6 year old on focaline xr: day 1;;;1. He was chewing his tounge obsessively- will that go away? It kinda freaked us out. 2. Turned into a Boss on the video games. So focused 3. Immediately had better short term memory 4. We went shopping and didn't say "keep up!" Once! 5. He ate really well! I hope this lasts 6. He put together a toy that normally he would have given up on 7. At the swimming pool he had more positive social play with the other kids and was included 8. He remembered lyrics to a song I had no idea he knew. 9. He colored a coloring page at ruby Tuesdays and really paid attention to staying inside the lines, so seems improved fine motor skills! 10. At first when the meds kicked in he was cranky and emotional, a full stomach of milk and chicken seemed to help his mood. 11. Bed time. Yet to come, hope It's okay.  Edit to update:  Bedtime was fine.  He did a bit more self soothe talking to himself but fell asleep just fine and slept all night.  Getting him up to use the restroom was hard because he was sleeping heavy but he went right back to sleep.  This morning for breakfast he had a protein bar (by the way the breakfast threads on here are very helpful) and he is very calm this morning.  He is actually relaxing on the couch watching a morning show- and noticeably fewer tics!!  He is laying still, too and his body is physically relaxed.  This is something he could not have done before.  Also no tongue swirling today- not calling it chewing any more because I checked his mouth and there are no signs he was actually chewing, now we think he was swirling his tongue but it looked like a chewing action.  Thank you to everyone who has given me informative, useful feedback about ADHD as our family learns more.  I appreciate the support of this community.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I have ADHD and my dad is anti-medication, what things can I do to prevent ADHD messing with my life.;;; I'm male and was diagnosed in 7th grade, im going into 11th at the end of summer vacation. I go to a IB school so next year is going to be hell, according to what I've heard. My grades have been pretty ruff for the past few years and I get special help for test and exams (mainly extra time), but grade not my only problem.  I have had trouble with have friends who "like" me. It seams no matter what group I try to change to I always am the one who people pick on the most. It has gotten to the point where out of the 7 people in my group only two consider me their friends. Anyway people don't seam to like me.  Now I think this is mainly because of ADHD, I don't know exactly because I have only had help with school. My dad is very repressive of my ADHD, he acts like its nothing and that I'm lucky that is i get the help with school. Since i have to chance and get anything to help with it what else can I do to keep my ADHD at bay. Or is he right and I just lazy. Please help. And one last note I have a feeling is my lift with friends get better my grades will get better.  TL;DR Dad does think my ADHD isn't bad, I do. Social life is crap, probably because of ADHD. Any advice, please?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;**/r/ADHD it's time for [Kick-Start Sunday] -- guaranteed accomplishments if you actively participate!**;;;Kick-Start Sunday is where [/r/adhd](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/) shares the goals, tasks, or habits we want to accomplish this week.  You will be held gently accountable (which is a good thing!) and we can check in with you...helping YOU get things done.  *I suggest you read the whole post to be MORE successful, so put in the little extra initial effort and continue reading....*  *** ## Choose the participation method that works for you: * **Most important task** - Share one (or a couple) **HIGH-PRIORITY** tasks that you really would like to finally finish.  *(Ex. Set a doctors appointment, finish assignment, clean the kitchen...whatever YOU think is most important.)* * **Make a list** - Post a list of all the things you want to accomplish this week.  *(I highly recommend identifying the top 3 priorities.)* * **Feed your soul** - Sometimes by relaxing and having fun we have more energy to get more done. **List a couple FUN items to make your list more exciting.**  **Need/Want to copy last week's list *verbatim*?  Absolutely DO SO!**  *Those might be your keystone habits. Once you start doing those regularly you are able to do more. soon they will be automatic and you can put your focus elsewhere.*  *** By sharing our goal(s) with this understanding community, we can keep each other **accountable**...and **celebrate our successes**, large or small!  **Don’t forget to return for [Win Wedenesday] to flaunt your successes!**  ;-)  By getting one small task done it creates **momentum**, **trust** in yourself, **confidence**, and you will feel like doing more.  *** ## Suggested Guidelines * **Prioritize your list.** One thing you want to get done (or start). What is the most important thing for you? (If making a list works best for you feel free to do that too!) * **Add a finish OR start deadline.** By committing to a date/time, we can check on your progress. * **Edit your comment when done.** - Come back and edit your comment when you have finished your goal. We can celebrate that (and then people won't check on you). * **Small start.** - Share what SMALL (under 10 minutes) commitment you can make towards your goal.  *I found when my clients didn’t reach their goals 90% of the time they never started...this will help you break through the initial barrier.*  *** ## Tips * Your tasks/goals should ideally be S.M.A.R.T goals: **Specific, measurable, attainable, relevant, and time-bound** * **Measurable** - Make sure you can be able to say YES I DID THIS. **Study enough** is not measurable.  Study 2 hours is. * **Break it down** - Instead of saying clean my room...it might help to say, “Clean room for 10 minutes or pick up trash in room.” * **Write it down elsewhere** - Sticky note by computer.  Google calendar.  Agenda.  Write it down so you don't forget.  Our working memories are flaky.... * **Start small...build up slowly** - We want to build on small successes so committing to cleaning your entire house might be a bit too much to handle.  Pick a room (or a task like ‘pick up dirty laundry’)  instead. * **Want to study for 2 hours a day?** *Commit to studying 30 minutes to make it easier on you.*  *** ## Examples from previous weeks: * Wash clothes. * Finish my math class early.  **Done!** * Eat! * Run 2k. * Don’t burn down my neighborhood.  (In re: fireworks, I hope.)  ;) * Apply for ONE job. * Send rent. * Remember passport, ticket, etc. for trip. * **Start** *[something]*. “Spend 5 minutes on writing my paper.” * List unneeded items for sale on eBay, CL, etc. * Floss * Clean my room to see the floor.  *** ## *It’s now easier to respond!  Just copy/paste the below into your comment.*      ## Daily Habit / Procrastinated Project / Soul-Feeding     * **What?** -     * **How much time?** -     * **When?** -     * **Potential Obstacles?** -     * **Check in on me? When?** -     * **Small Start** -     * **Reward** -     * **Something fun you want to do this week** -     * **Daily Habit** -  *** Daily list template, if that suits you better.      ## Monday --       * Item     ## Tuesday --     ## Wednesday --     ## Thursday --     ## Friday --     ## Saturday --       ## Sunday --  *** Don’t forget to **brag about your accomplishments in Win Wednesday** on Wednesday.  **Celebrating/acknowledging your wins is just as important as actually getting stuff done.**  *** **TL,DR: Share what you want to accomplish this week and how you will do it. Having people check on you via Reddit is extremely helpful!**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;FINALLY going in for diagnosis tomorrow, it's been a long battle with my parents but I finally convinced them. SUPER nervous about doc appointment.;;;They still aren't very supportive though, every time I mention the possibility of ADHD they literally laugh at me and mock me. I never thought it'd be my parents making fun of me, heh. It's quite harmful, but I'm more concerned with finally finding out if I have it or not.  I also found out that I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 5, I never knew. Apparently I took ritalin and it "didn't work" according to my parents. They were also saying that because I was diagnosed by a pediatrician that it "didn't mean anything, because pediatricians don't know what they are talking about"...The ignorance I have to deal with is killing me.  Any advice about the doctors appointment? I kind of know what to expect, but it's still scaring the shit out of me. It's not easy to admit that I can't function properly in society, and to do so in front of a total stranger bugs the hell out of me.   Anyway, thanks again /r/ADHD for helping me out, i couldn't of made it this far if not for your guys. Thanks so much &lt;3  TLDR: My parents are dicks, make fun of me for thinking I have ADHD. After 2 years finally convinced them to let me go in for a diagnosis, but I'm really really nervous about the appointment, is there any advice for the first visit?  thanks again
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Trying to decide whether to take a break from stimulants. I'd like to hear your input.;;;I was diagnosed with severe ADHD (hyperactive, mainly the inattentive type) in December of 2011. My main struggle is being able to focus on anything for more than 2 seconds and remembering things (this is really my most frustrating problem).  * Started on Adderall, 20mg/2x day. Adderall made me very hostile and on edge at all times. Stopped taking it in March 2012 * Began Vyvanse 30mg/day, and have bumped up to 40mg/day. At first it was a god send, now it is just causing problems. It also only last until 2pm when taken at 7am but moving up a dose would make the side effects worse. * However, last semester I got almost all A's, which is the best grades i've received in the last 2 years of college.   This is where my problem starts. I have a ton of side effects, and many other medical problems that are amplifying these effects.  Medical Problems:  * Possible thyroid issue, currently working on figuring it out. (showing hyper and then normal) - Bodily functions are already sped up, so taking stimulants make it feel like i'm going 100 miles an hour * Hyperhydrosis of my entire body - when my body gets going I sweat way more than normal even just sitting still in an air-conditioned office. * Severe SEVERE allergies/asthma - Breathing gets difficult, and shortness of breath occurs almost instantly. I also have food allergies, and my medication makes me nauseas unless taken with a starch, which makes me have to choose between which to treat.  * Sinus Issue - Headaches/Head Pressure is exponentially magnified.  Side Effects:  * INSANE dehydration to the point I get sick (I'm drinking about 2 gallons of water/day) Dry eyes, dry lips, dry everything. * Stress/Anxiety levels that are through the roof and wrecking havoc on my body. * Take 2-3 hours to kick in, and if I don’t eat a huge meal before I take it I get very nauseas. * Went from the sex drive of a 11 year old who just discovered porn, to rock bottom zero sex drive. * Getting more irritable when stressed, snapping at people, getting angry easily when it wears off. * I don’t take it on weekends, and those days I spend most time in bed or beyond fatigued.   I am seeing a therapist to try and work on my ADHD without medication.  Please share your experiences, suggestions, etc. I know I need to talk to my psych about this all, and I plan to when I return home, but I just want to get auxiliary input from those who have gone through similar things.   **TLDR: I have severe ADHD, meds showed a drastic improvement in school and I have 18 credit hours this semester. But the side effects coupled with other medical problems are too overwhelming. What do I do?**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD, Anxiety, and Depression. Would benefit greatly from anyone's input!;;;I am a 20 year old male, currently taking concerta for ADHD and Zoloft/sertraline for anxiety and depression. I have a few questions concerning alternative medications and side effects.  SKIP  IF SITUATIONAL STUFF DOESN'T HELP YOU HELP ME :) First, I have been taking concerta (54mg x 1 daily) for about 2 years. Last fall was my first semester of college and I began having anxiety from my school workload and living in a small room with minimal privacy/relaxing space, which didn't do me much good. At the begging of my 2nd semester I started celexa to treat anxiety and also depression. Looking back at high school, I had minimal anxiety, and I believe I had a little more depression than an average person but nothing I couldn't clear with meditation. My current depression was induced by the following series of unfortunate situations all within 4 months: death of a best friend, suicide of another close friend, 15 year dog died, mother got cancer, grandma died, and the last and final (knock on wood) was my dads hospitalization and 2 surgeries for heart problems.  SKIP TO HERE  The celexa didn't help much and i just started the Zoloft. The concerta agitates my anxiety a little bit and I was curious if anyone has experience the same. Strattera didn't do anything for my ADHD. Would adderall/vyvance/focalin cause less agitation to my anxiety?   Can concerta with an SSRI have a negative effect since they both inhibit the uptake of serotonin/nerepherine? Would the alternatives be better or more therapeutic since it helps release dopamine? Or would it have minimal effect?  I'm open to any suggestions and thankful for any input!  I'm trying to ease the process of switching medications again and get things back to normal.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Something to share:  a brief example of the difference I have been feeling;;;Going to include a story from my life here from today that I felt greatly illustrates the difference I am feeling now in regards to my emotional triggers being much greater to trip than they used to be.  I had a conversation with an individual with whom I work.  It began with this line:  ""for crying out loud - the file you copied to ***** can only be read by you.  losen up the file permissions and try moving the file from *********** back to ******"  This was the first words I heard from this person all day.  I didn't feel very happy about it, in fact I was pretty upset, so I decided to address it, albeit in a different way.   Me:  You doing ok, John?  John:  yeah are you?  Me: Yeah, I am doing fine. Just noticed that you seemed a bit upset in the AEX ticket and wanted to see if there might be anything else I can do to help you today?  John:  you gave the file permissions so tight you are the only one who can read it - no wonder it failed  Me:  I certainly hope you aren't assuming that I did that on purpose.  The system designates my permissions, so perhaps there is a command I can use to chmod files before copying. Also, it does it to varying permissions, it seems.  John:  no - but we have to think about what we are doing - if we copy files for a process to pick up and run - we need to be sure the permissions are appropriate  Me:  I apologize for forgetting to check the permissions after the copy and I'll try to pay attention to it in the future if that will help you out. John:  I don't like this discussion - I feel you are being patronizing  Me:  I am trying to help both of us out, honestly  I have a problem with something that is going on today and I am trying to work with you to avoid something like this from happening in the future. The reason I am doing this is that it is important to maintain a healthy working relationship as we will be colluding on many issues in the future. I hope you believe and understand this of me.  This is my problem that I am having, though, not yours. I just need your help in making it right. I am sorry if I have made you feel patronized as that was not my intention at all.     *end of convo*  I could have handled it better as I was, indeed, upset, but this is the second time I have attempted to use this method at work as outlined in The Dance of Anger:  A Woman's Guide to Repairing the Dynamics in Intimate Relationships (yes I am a man)  Very good book.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;So here is my story (I don't know if you care but oh well);;;Don't know if you care but this is what happened..   I did shit in school in elementary school, I had Us and Ds and that type of thing... I took ridoline and it got better.  Fast forward to 9th grade where I didn't take medicine. I got 6 B's on my report card and one of them was in band  Fast forward to 10th grade.. My doctor prescribed an expensive ass scam drug called intuniv and then I went from 6 B's to 0  Fast forward to 11th grade. I had a 95.5 average for the year and did little to no work (took picture of notes etc)..  Now I'm going into 12th grade with a 3.833 GPA (l0l) and I did shit on my SAT (1500 something; its a total scam). I also took some honors class in 10th grade (regular but i got honors credit) and 11th grade AP class etc. I took images of notes to help study because class is kind of boring but the medicine allowed me to fuck around in school, study notes on bus and bs and then get good grade. Also I started only the images thing when the 4S iPhone came out. Until then I just wrote and then struggled reading what I wrote but now even if the teacher doesn't allow image taking, I can write my best and take picture of what I wrote to study faster etc.   I'm not posting this for karma, I don't really care what you think but I'm just saying that it can help. You have to take it every day and it doesn't have any real side effects like I knew. (I gained weight after not taking anything for a year, but this didn't cause me to loose it because it had no loss of apetite.) I'm also pretty sure I have aspergers but I won't go and get diagnosed because it's a stigma and I would rather not know if I 100% have it or not.   Now I'm healthy, happy, and I like to feel smart in classrooms because there is a lot of dumb people etc in my classes and its fun being smartest in room because your parents can afford $1500 a year to pay for your grades etc.   Also I have no loss of apetite or sex drive (that I'm aware of) Pls share your story
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How to find the right dose for Adderall XR?;;;Hey guys I'm newly diagnosed ADHD at the age of 18. Didn't even know it but after months of doctors/counseling visits a Psychiatris made the diagnosis at my school. I also love how at my University I can visit a Psychiatrist FOR FREE.    Anyway I was prescribed with Adderall XR 20mg. I have a month to find the right dose and if it's working for me or not. I also have 60 pills. It is the Generic from Teva, orange capsule with M. Ampeth 20mg written on it.    Day 1: I felt great I took the pill at 2:30pm, a little too late I found out. It started to kick in around 3:30-4pm. I had an unusual taste in my mouth. I'm not sure what 'euphoric' means but I my mood was noticeably elevated. It was really life-changing. I was actually clear and at peace for the first time in my entire life. I could focus, was motivated, confident, and actually excited to clean. I never knew I liked cleaning so much as I cleaned my entire room including detailed organization. I had time so I took my fancy time to cleaning it. I noticed that was SIGNIFICANTLY more patient and the urges to do something else were gone. Like video games, didn't want to play them. I was doing one thing at a time and actually planning ahead ABOUT cleaning instead of just thinking of something else. Seriously I have never been this conscious in my life. I probably spent a good 5-6 hours cleaning it. I was also able to tutor my little sister without thinking it was boring. As for side effects I had ALL the minor one's listed for this specifi pill but I'm a strong guy and hardly notice them. It lasted till about 1:00 am and the. I was out like a light as I could feel the crash, tired and heavy eyes.    Day 2: Unfortunatley, I was sleep deprived today and had to go to work. I took the pill at 4:30am thinking the earlier I take it the better. Tried to go back to sleep and couldnt so I was working on 3 hours of sleep. I felt relatively good just not as much, felt much more tired and the effects and crashing were apparent at about 1:30pm.    At this time I needed to not get tired as I still had work to do, so I took another one and I couldn't believe the feeling. My body said "NO, NO, NO" but my mind said "YES, YES, YES." I can take pain, I could tell my body was hurting but couldn't care less. I actually wanted to work and stayed over an hour later, I work at retail and never do this. My boss asked why I was still here and told me to leave. There was little left to do anyway. At about 6-7pm I felt the Adderall was less effective and my body ached. I wanted to sleep but couldn't. I did my best to sleep earl and I did at 12:00am. I slept till about 9:00am. I also lost about 7 lb from Monday - Tuesday. Same thing with side affects. I was still able to focus just not as much and I made the conclusion that Adderall doesn't work too well when sleep deprived.   Day 3: I some up and could tell I wasn't on Adderall. I felt the ADHD back and was hyperactive. I couldn't focus and was greatly unmotivated. I too. The pill at 9:45 am. At about 11am I could notice an effect just not to a greater extent. I took another one at 1:30pm. From 2:30 - 5pm I was noticeably more motivated and was even more focused. I was focusing on details much more significantly. I could tell there was a greater effect. I think this was because The first dose and the 2nd dose were active. I could tell at 6pm it was less effective and and about 9-10pm I couldn't think clearly. At 10:30pm I felt the crash suddenly. It's amazing how I can go from active to tired. Same side effects.    Conclusion: Maybe my sweet spot is 20-40mg. I am considered obese, I'm a big guy 6'4" and 260lbs. Maybe I need a slightly bit more like 30mg?   How do I know I've found the right dose? Do I have a high tolerance where suddenley I have to increase the dose. I don't feel euphoric but my mind clears and the fog is gone. I'm motivated and can focus.   Thanks!   EDIT: I'm going to try 2 20mg XR pills and see the effects also I haven't found a straight answer but is the Brand XR better than the generic from Teva. I'm going to ask my Psychiatrist for the brand for next month.    EDIT 2: Okay clearly 40mg of Adderall XR is too much. I took 2 pills at 11:30am and it is now 1:30pm and I feel much tired and sleepy than this morning. I also feel very lethargic. The 20mg starts to kick in 1 - 1.5 and I know it does. It could also be that I took this 'Focus Factor' multivitamin, I normally do not take this. I took 6 as it said the recommended dose is 4-8. I also tried it to see what would happen. The bad thing is I shouldn't have changed two aspects, higher dose and multivitamin now I'm not sure which is the cause of no effect. I have heard instances where they can also cause the effects of Adderall to diminish. So I will continue tomorrow with 1 20mg pill AM and 1 PM. Then in about a week week see if 40mg helps or not. I'm actually seeing my pdoc on Monday so hopefully he knows.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;New to Adderal XL and clear thought.;;;Hello!  Like most people here, I suppose, I have spent most of my life in a fog of thoughts.  Unfocused and unclear.  I have just started Adderal for the first time in my life, and I feel ..... clear.    Amphetamine affect aside, I can see tasks now that I was never able to before.  When I go to do a task, I don't have an 'internal argument' with myself about 'how long its going to take' or 'there is no hope of ever completing it'.  Right now, I am extremely calm.  My tone in my voice has dropped.  But yet, I _see_ everything that needs to get done.    OMG, I think I am going to cry.  Is this typical with continued use, or does this euphoria eventually fade?  What can I do to keep my energy at bay?  The last thing I want to do is get over-excited and fail at everything again...  Edit:  personal experiences would be nice, if you have time to talk.. i just want to see if I am returning to 'normal'..  Edit 2: Adderal _XR_
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How do you convey to people that what you experience with ADHD is different than what the average person experiences?;;;Recently I've been explaining to friends and family that's I've started seeing doctors regarding ADHD. I often get asked what it is that I'm experiencing that makes me go to a shrink. When I try to convey what I feel I try the old TV analogy. I also say things like I have a lot of difficulty following conversations, even when I'm directly addressed, I fidget constantly, I cannot sit through many movies and TV shows without pausing it and taking a break, it greatly affects my punctuality, etc.  What's weird though is that a really common response I get is "Wow, that sounds just like me! Maybe I have it." Now maybe some of these people do in fact have undiagnosed ADHD and I don't know the actual adult prevelence rates, but I'm pretty sure it's not 8/10. How do you convey what separates ADHD from just general occasional loss of concentration? I now try and describe it as an inability to maintain focus rather than a mere loss of focus, but that doesn't seem to get through either. I want to help people in my life understand but I don't know how.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Emailed doctor about new Addarall perscription;;;Hey all, I was diagnosed with ADHD about a year ago (i'm now 20). I went through quite a few different drugs (Bupropion didn't do anything after a month, then Methylphenidate 10mg a day which was too speedy, Dexmethylphenidate 30 mg a day made me feel weird, and finally Addarall which is more calmer effect since I've only been on it for a few days now). I decided yesterday to send the following email to my psych.   This morning I had my dad read it and he told me "Oh the doctor will think you have a hidden agenda" and now I'm worried this email kind of makes me sound like a crackhead or something. I never specifically ask for more and instead talk about my symptoms, so I don't know why my dad told me that. Does the email sound okay?  --------------------------------------------------  Hi Doctor XXXXXXXX;  I started taking the 10mg Addarall Friday morning, and took another this morning (along with the Bupropion as prescribed).   Is it really supposed to be more "potent" as you put it than the Focalin? I ask because the effect seems really barely noticeable compared to the 15mg Focalin, where there was a much more observable increase in focus that lasted several hours, where I could work and stay on task. With this Addarall I felt a bit more alert, close to the feelings of drinking coffee or something throughout the day.  Does it need a longer period of time to take effect like the Bupropion or is it supposed to have a more immediate, day to day effect like the past medications?  I'll continue taking it and tell you if my symptoms change in the coming days at all.  Thanks and have a nice day!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What did your doctor give you for treatment?;;;I'm 21 and got diagnosed half a year ago by a neurologist. She prescribed me 20mg Vyvanse and thats about it. Told me I still have to work on being focused and organized. I have not been making a lot of progress since. I don't really know how to be organized or focused, and what people have suggested so far (making a schedule for yourself, etc.) have not worked. I wish there was a class that would teach you how to be organized when you have ADHD because it doesn't seem that things that work for regular people work for me. In addition, I just don't feel like I have a good rapport with my doctor, she didn't really try to seem to get to the bottom of my problems.  I read a person's comment somewhere online that she got diagnosed by a psychologist and got bi-weekly coaching sessions in addition to vyvanse. This seems like a great idea to me.   What have you experienced with your doctor after you got diagnosed? Did he/she just give you pills, assign coaching sessions, give you tips, or something else entirely? Should I switch from a neurologist to a psychologist?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I think my little brother has ADHD but my mom is convinced he doesn't. What can I do?;;;My brother Michael is 5 years old and really struggling with paying attention/being disruptive. He's in danger of being kicked out of the Boys &amp; Girls Club for not wanting to stay with his group, and continuously wandering off. My mother, who is already fed up with his inability to listen, started yelling at him mercilessly.   I tried to interject because I didn't think the shouting was warranted, and I was immediately shut down because I'm only his sister. Not his mother. I later tried to talk to her when she was calm about him possibly having ADHD/ADD, but she wouldn't have it. She knew when I was young that I had it and took me to see doctors straight away and she said she doesn't see it with Michael. She's convinced he doesn't it have it because he's not the same way I was when I was young.  Honestly, he doesn't really have the hyperactivity like I did, he just CANNOT focus unless it's on something he WANTS to do.  I feel like she should at least get him tested, but she won't listen to me. What bothers me the most is that my dad would treat me the same way my mom treats Michael. He would yell at me for getting in trouble at school, and I would feel so helpless. No matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't change. My mom was the one who took me to get tested and would always stand up to my dad, and my life has been so much easier because of it. I don't want Michael to have to go through this alone. What can I do to convince her to take him to see a doctor about it?  EDIT: I feel like I should also state that my mom IS a good mother. She has always given us the love and support we need, but sometimes she thinks she knows more about her children than the doctors do. She strongly believes in trusting her maternal instinct simply because it's been right before.  tl;dr My mom won't get my little brother tested for ADHD/ADD because he doesn't have the exact same symptoms I had when I was young. What do I do?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;FIRST SEMESTER ON MEDS: Just a couple questions and maybe a few comments. Bipolar II on 200mg Lamictal, recently added 20mg Adderall. ;;;Back up to 2009 when I was 18 and first started developing my bipolar disorder. I was doing above average in school, passing AP tests with flying colors and even graduating early. As time progressed, friendships and relationships collapsed. I fell completely apart. I saw a psychiatrist and was put on Prozac. Came back to say that it really messed with my mood and he just continued to increase the dosage.   Found a new doctor and she finally got it right. I've been on 200 mg of Lamictal for almost a year and I feel like my old self again, with one, horrible exception.   Ever since I started dealing with my disorder, I have found it to be extremely difficult to concentrate. Before and after Lamictal, I used to be great with math and science but everything has started to fall apart. I have failed one too many classes so I must redeem myself! I'm working on macro, managerial accounting, and stat this semester. I was prescribed adderall to help with concentration and it's worked well to keep me on task.   What I want to know is... Is it even possible for me to have ADD? I understand that occasionally ADD symptoms tag along with other disorders. So I'm curious.   My parents don't believe that I need Meds to do my homework or anything else for that matter but it's amazing because I actually finish my work. It keeps me motivated and is helping with my hermit issue. I can do and finish my homework AND go to class.  Edit::  I feel it's possible that I do struggle from ADD and it just kind of developed more and more recently and reared its ugly head when I was officially diagnosed as bipolar II.  Anyone know anything about this? A normal childhood but then developing ADD with age. I never had the symptoms as a kid but now I have them to a T. All of them.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Psychiatrist screening soon, questions about testing;;;After years of being told adhd was not a real thing by my family, I went to the doctor.  He said I likely have it, but he had to refer me to a psych for a screening before medicine could be given.  I go see them soon.  My good friend gave me some adderall (30mg), and I noticed an incredible ability to focus and get things done/not feel like an idiot for the first time.  I have no problem with it, because it's like the doctor said, "looks like you have asthma, go see another doctor and then I'll give you medicine to breathe better" - so I in essence just got the "inhaler" from my friend.  Will there be blood testing when I go to the screening?  The last thing I want is to get classified as someone just seeking meds because it shows up.  I plan not to take any for at least 3 days before the screening.  I just wanted some input from those of you who have done it before.  **tl;dr- is there blood testing for the psychiatrist screening?**  EDIT: I didn't add a bunch of detail because I didn't think it was necessary, but I asked my Doctor what the next step would be for medicine if the eval went okay, he literally told me "you will come see me after 2 appointments with &lt;name of place I'm going&gt; and if they diagnose you, I will get you started taking medicine."  I asked what the medicine options were, he listed a few, then said, if the diagnosis comes back the way I think it may, we will likely try a stimulant medication like adderall or ritalin and make monthly adjustments."    In other words, you can judge me for "self-medicating," but I don't see any harm with trying something to make a condition better which the doctor told me would be the likely thing he would prescribe.  It took me years to go in and I refuse to feel bad for trying to use something to improve my life.  If you had a physical condition that gave you terrible migraines, and the doctor told you it was likely "x" and would be treated by "y," but you had to wait a month to get "y," you also might just give it a try earlier than that to ease your pain.    Rant over.  I just want some advice about the screening so I can finally live a normal life.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Benefit show for ADHD;;;Hey ADHDers!   I've become quite the socialite at my college. There are 26,000 undergraduate students at my school. I have met local rap artists, DJ's, producers, event organizers, CEO's, and even a millionaire by simply talking to and getting to know literally everyone I can.   I feel as though I've taken socializing and creating connections to a whole new level. I'm now the one with the power to connect everyone and this year is the year to do it. Our soccer team finished 2nd to the number one team in the nation and next year we will have a football team. The university also produces more start-up small businesses than any other college or university in the nation! Yet the biggest thing we ever organized was everyone doing the Cupid Shuffle. That was years ago.   I met a member of a group called "Concerts&amp;Causes". They get local bands/DJ's to perform and raise money for a cause. I've organized a meeting the president of the organization to present my ideas next Monday. They are interested in me and my "connections". I'm extremely excited about it and also very nervous...   Concerts&amp;causes usually rent out large rooms on campus and play the shows for free. Well my Rap and DJ buddies have respective fan bases in the hundreds, damn, I even have a fan base in the hundreds. (They performed on the same stages as BucketHead, Tenacious D, Flux Pavilion, Good Charlotte, to name an absolute fraction...) This show will be outdoors and Dan(DJ) has the equipment to do so. (I'd love to get support from a sound company and blow stuff out of the water)  I'm posting here to get advice and ideas!  Things that I want to happen:  • DJ's perform  • Rap artist performs  • Motivational speaker  • GoGo dancers and break-dancers  • School Mascot  • Professional photographers   • News network  • Free Redbulls  • Free Drinks   • Free Pizza  • Free apparel  • Giveaways (ADHD bracelets? Lol)  • Raffle  • Fashion show (???)   • Mud wrestling (???)  • Fireworks  • Kissing Booth  • Me on stage with a mic hosting the event  • Easy ways to donate   • Even easier ways to donate  • Maybe businesses can sell their products with the catch that 10-15 percent (more?) will be donated.   • Candy booth  • Pamphlets thanking those that helped, links to twitters, facebooks, and instagrams. Information on ADHD and where to get further info on it. How to donate. Upcoming shows and over-the-top school spirit. Because once the show starts it definitely won't feel over the top anymore.   I have multiple promotion teams ready to go once I get a green light.   ^ Every idea mentioned I have followed through to some extent already. From Red bull to the dancers to all the high end club owners and photographers. Even the Zetas (A sorority) are interested in a kissing booth.   I want this to be a regular thing. To the point where commercial products are replaced with products by students! An event by students, for students. An event to create school spirit. Remove the stigma from "commuter school". Raise money for other causes also!   Tips? Ideas?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Can a person with a history of substance abuse safely and successfully be treated with ADHD medication?;;;So I have a question. Well I was diagnosed with ADHD about 6 years ago when I was 16. I was put on Adderall and it helped me so much. I could focus and actually get my schoolwork done. It helped with my personal relationships and things were going good. Now after about 6 months my Mom got the idea that it just wasnt healthy for me to be having to take medication daily. I'm still not clear on why it went that way. I had no substance abuse problems at this time. Long story short I fell in with the wrong crowd ended up getting hooked on opiates as they actually helped my concentration and just killed all the static in my head. ended up being a heroin addict by 18 and got into some legal trouble stealing to support my habit. That forced me to quit and seek help and I've been clean for almost 3 years now. I attended AA for a while and that helped with a lot of other emotional issues but the lack of focus was always there. The first year or two I figured it could be because of the fog of getting off of opiates but this past year its apparent thats not the case. I've been self medicating with caffeine and nicotine as they seem to help calm my train of thought down, but it always comes to a point where thats not effective and it just gives diminishing returns.   Fastforward to now, I'm barely able to hold down my very simple job, my personal relationships are very few because I have a lot of trouble listening to people  and I've almost crashed into several cars driving... i've hit like 6 people over the last few years. So i'm in need of some help. I'm going to be going back to my psychiatrist in 3 weeks but i'm concerned my prior history will bar me from treatment. I'm not trying to get adderall. I rly dont care what gets perscribed as long as it helps. so is it possible, any personal experience with this?  sorry for the wall of text :/
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;**/r/ADHD Kick it Up a Notch, Kick it Into Gear, just [Kick-Start Sunday] and Kick Your To-Do List's Butt!**;;;Kick-Start Sunday is where [/r/adhd](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/) shares the goals, tasks, or habits we want to accomplish this week.  You will be held gently accountable (which is a good thing!) and we can check in with you...helping YOU get things done.  *I suggest you read the whole post to be MORE successful, so put in the little extra initial effort and continue reading....*  *** ## Choose the participation method that works for you: * **Most important task** - Share one (or a couple) **HIGH-PRIORITY** tasks that you really would like to finally finish.  *(Ex. Set a doctors appointment, finish assignment, clean the kitchen...whatever YOU think is most important.)* * **Make a list** - Post a list of all the things you want to accomplish this week.  *(I highly recommend identifying the top 3 priorities.)* * **Feed your soul** - Sometimes by relaxing and having fun we have more energy to get more done. **List a couple FUN items to make your list more exciting.**  **Need/Want to copy last week's list *verbatim*?  Absolutely DO SO!**  *Those might be your keystone habits. Once you start doing those regularly you are able to do more. soon they will be automatic and you can put your focus elsewhere.*  *** By sharing our goal(s) with this understanding community, we can keep each other **accountable**...and **celebrate our successes**, large or small!  **Don’t forget to return for [Win Wedenesday] to flaunt your successes!**  ;-)  By getting one small task done it creates **momentum**, **trust** in yourself, **confidence**, and you will feel like doing more.  *** ## Suggested Guidelines * **Prioritize your list.** One thing you want to get done (or start). What is the most important thing for you? (If making a list works best for you feel free to do that too!) * **Add a finish OR start deadline.** By committing to a date/time, we can check on your progress. * **Edit your comment when done.** - Come back and edit your comment when you have finished your goal. We can celebrate that (and then people won't check on you). * **Small start.** - Share what SMALL (under 10 minutes) commitment you can make towards your goal.  *I found when my clients didn’t reach their goals 90% of the time they never started...this will help you break through the initial barrier.*  *** ## Tips * Your tasks/goals should ideally be S.M.A.R.T goals: **Specific, measurable, attainable, relevant, and time-bound** * **Measurable** - Make sure you can be able to say YES I DID THIS. **Study enough** is not measurable.  Study 2 hours is. * **Break it down** - Instead of saying clean my room...it might help to say, “Clean room for 10 minutes or pick up trash in room.” * **Write it down elsewhere** - Sticky note by computer.  Google calendar.  Agenda.  Write it down so you don't forget.  Our working memories are flaky.... * **Start small...build up slowly** - We want to build on small successes so committing to cleaning your entire house might be a bit too much to handle.  Pick a room (or a task like ‘pick up dirty laundry’)  instead. * **Want to study for 2 hours a day?** *Commit to studying 30 minutes to make it easier on you.*  *** ## Examples from previous weeks: * Tidy room. * Buy car. * Go to work. * Attend all my classes on time. * Reschedule appointment. * Mornings: brush teeth &amp; meditate.  Evenings: brush teeth, meditate, journal. * Pay bills. * Plan vacation. * Go to the gym 3x this week. * Break down chores by days so I can have 'a day off with my darling' before he leaves. * **Start** *[something]*. “Spend 5 minutes on writing my paper.”  *** ## *It’s now easier to respond!  Just copy/paste the below into your comment.*      ## Daily Habit / Procrastinated Project / Soul-Feeding     * **What?** -     * **How much time?** -     * **When?** -     * **Potential Obstacles?** -     * **Check in on me? When?** -     * **Small Start** -     * **Reward** -     * **Something fun you want to do this week** -     * **Daily Habit** -  *** Daily list template, if that suits you better.      ## Monday --       * Item     ## Tuesday --     ## Wednesday --     ## Thursday --     ## Friday --     ## Saturday --       ## Sunday --  *** Don’t forget to **brag about your accomplishments in Win Wednesday** on Wednesday.  **Celebrating/acknowledging your wins is just as important as actually getting stuff done.**  *** **TL,DR: Share what you want to accomplish this week and how you will do it. Having people check on you via Reddit is extremely helpful!**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;/r/ADHD Kick it Up a Notch, Kick it Into Gear, just [Kick-Start Sunday] and Kick Your To-Do List's Butt!;;;Kick-Start Sunday is where [/r/adhd](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/) shares the goals, tasks, or habits we want to accomplish this week.  You will be held gently accountable (which is a good thing!) and we can check in with you...helping YOU get things done.  *I suggest you read the whole post to be MORE successful, so put in the little extra initial effort and continue reading....*  *** ## Choose the participation method that works for you: * **Most important task** - Share one (or a couple) **HIGH-PRIORITY** tasks that you really would like to finally finish.  *(Ex. Set a doctors appointment, finish assignment, clean the kitchen...whatever YOU think is most important.)* * **Make a list** - Post a list of all the things you want to accomplish this week.  *(I highly recommend identifying the top 3 priorities.)* * **Feed your soul** - Sometimes by relaxing and having fun we have more energy to get more done. **List a couple FUN items to make your list more exciting.**  **Need/Want to copy last week's list *verbatim*?  Absolutely DO SO!**  *Those might be your keystone habits. Once you start doing those regularly you are able to do more. soon they will be automatic and you can put your focus elsewhere.*  *** By sharing our goal(s) with this understanding community, we can keep each other **accountable**...and **celebrate our successes**, large or small!  **Don’t forget to return for [Win Wedenesday] to flaunt your successes!**  ;-)  By getting one small task done it creates **momentum**, **trust** in yourself, **confidence**, and you will feel like doing more.  *** ## Suggested Guidelines * **Prioritize your list.** One thing you want to get done (or start). What is the most important thing for you? (If making a list works best for you feel free to do that too!) * **Add a finish OR start deadline.** By committing to a date/time, we can check on your progress. * **Edit your comment when done.** - Come back and edit your comment when you have finished your goal. We can celebrate that (and then people won't check on you). * **Small start.** - Share what SMALL (under 10 minutes) commitment you can make towards your goal.  *I found when my clients didn’t reach their goals 90% of the time they never started...this will help you break through the initial barrier.*  *** ## Tips * Your tasks/goals should ideally be S.M.A.R.T goals: **Specific, measurable, attainable, relevant, and time-bound** * **Measurable** - Make sure you can be able to say YES I DID THIS. **Study enough** is not measurable.  Study 2 hours is. * **Break it down** - Instead of saying clean my room...it might help to say, “Clean room for 10 minutes or pick up trash in room.” * **Write it down elsewhere** - Sticky note by computer.  Google calendar.  Agenda.  Write it down so you don't forget.  Our working memories are flaky.... * **Start small...build up slowly** - We want to build on small successes so committing to cleaning your entire house might be a bit too much to handle.  Pick a room (or a task like ‘pick up dirty laundry’)  instead. * **Want to study for 2 hours a day?** *Commit to studying 30 minutes to make it easier on you.*  *** ## Examples from previous weeks: * Tidy room. * Buy car. * Go to work. * Attend all my classes on time. * Reschedule appointment. * Mornings: brush teeth &amp; meditate.  Evenings: brush teeth, meditate, journal. * Pay bills. * Plan vacation. * Go to the gym 3x this week. * Break down chores by days so I can have 'a day off with my darling' before he leaves. * **Start** *[something]*. “Spend 5 minutes on writing my paper.”  *** ## *It’s now easier to respond!  Just copy/paste the below into your comment.*      ## Daily Habit / Procrastinated Project / Soul-Feeding     * **What?** -     * **How much time?** -     * **When?** -     * **Potential Obstacles?** -     * **Check in on me? When?** -     * **Small Start** -     * **Reward** -     * **Something fun you want to do this week** -     * **Daily Habit** -  *** Daily list template, if that suits you better.      ## Monday --       * Item     ## Tuesday --     ## Wednesday --     ## Thursday --     ## Friday --     ## Saturday --       ## Sunday --  *** Don’t forget to **brag about your accomplishments in Win Wednesday** on Wednesday.  **Celebrating/acknowledging your wins is just as important as actually getting stuff done.**  *** **TL,DR: Share what you want to accomplish this week and how you will do it. Having people check on you via Reddit is extremely helpful!**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Remember: Our brains are different and so are others. Being open about your ADHD may make you more vulnerable as prey ;;;First my background: diagnosed with Adult ADHD about 6 months ago. Therapy and Ritalin have gone VERY far in helping me realize things about myself and become more aware.  I also just ended a relationship with a Callous Unemotional person.   I'm writing this post, not to incite fear. But just as an honest reminder.   ADHD people can be forgetful, easy going, impulsive, and easy to distract. This can make you an easy target for someone who has absolutely no empathy.   Just like the ADHD person's brain is wired differently, so are the brains of sociopaths and psychopaths. Their brains are wired differently and there's so little research has been done on the topic. That means that few seek help or even realize that their actions are "wrong." They will most likely view you as an easy pawn in their game for control and power.    TL;DR: ADHD folks are easy prey for Sociopaths. Be alert to warning signs of manipulation.   TL;DR -TAKE TWO: Keep in mind that everyone is wired differently. Draw boundaries for others and stay focused when those boundaries are tested.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Any success with non-medication treatment?;;;I have been recently diagnosed with ADHD-C after years of chaos in my head.  After years of underachievement and down right failure with things, I decided it was time to get help because I was struggling.  The quality of my life was just not matching up with my motivation and desire to reach certain goals.....especially completing my undergrad.  I decided to give my undergrad another try and I am 4 weeks in and doing OK but definitely struggling with lectures and homework.    I was also subsequently diagnosed with 'slow processing speed'.  Some of this is a result of my eye disorders (convergence insufficiency and focusing deficiency) but also I tested very low in other verbal areas.    After meeting with my psychologist, she gave me a few treatment recommendations inclusive of a referral to see a psychiatrist to discuss medication.  I am going to do this and Reddit, you are awesome because there is a lot of great info here for me to use if I decide to go that route.    But, what I would love to know about, is people that have had any success with non-medication treatment.  Cognitive behavioral therapy, COGMED (a newer at home software program that is supposed to help build your working memory), sessions to help with organizational skills etc..... My insurance will not cover these so it will be out of pocket and I am just not sure if there is any benefit from them.      I would love to know everyones success (or lack of success) with ANY non-medication treatment.  Thanks guys.  You are awesome and while I am mainly a lurker, I find this community really has helped me connect with my own issues and helped immensely in understanding my challenges!!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Interpersonal issues at the workplace- feel lack of communication with supervisor;;;I'm 22 and I found out I have adhd a few months ago and I told my boss almost immediately. She was very understanding at the time and said she had never noticed any problems with my work.   I feel like there is a massive communication gap between me and her which was there even before I told her about the diagnosis. I see her talking to other people in the team way more, and when it's my turn she tries to avoid talking to me.  Our workplace has a high emphasis on socializing which is where the problem starts. I am not social. I'm just not. I cannot decode workplace politics and I definitely do not suck up to people. I have tried- it feels unnatural and I feel stupid and probably look stupid as well. I am guessing my lack of emotional intelligence comes from adhd and also inexperience.. but MAINLY adhd.  Whenever there have been issues with the projects I am working on, she seems to go off at me and blame me for things beyond my control- not to mention talk about it with other people. Then 5 minutes later, someone else will walk in and I can hear laughter. I just feel like I don't want to stay anymore but I can't break my contract.   At the same time, I can't talk to her directly because that would mean getting a bad reference in future. So I have been getting counselling and talking to friends and the general consensus is that I should look for another job and remain positive in the meantime.   The job is boring too. But I want to save as much money as possible and retrain in something completely diff (no idea what that is yet)  Basically I am putting up with this stuff because money=personal development in a way. I can distract myself from work with the money I make from working. But I have no satisfaction from work and the overly political scenario is not helping the situation.  Anyone have any advice for me?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I haven't been on my meds for 3 years. I feel like i've learnt to control myself more.;;;I was on strattera, i believe 100-something mg.  And it made me constantly tired, never wanting to talk. Turned me into a zombie, i wasn't myself.  And then i stopped taking it, and started doing yoga. Medidation, and read alot of self control guides.  Now i feel like i'm a completely different person, but i still have one issue.  The concentration part is hard, i'm currently studying in uni. And i have a big test coming up tomorrow. I don't use it as an excuse, and i haven't told anyone. That i have ADHD and i probably never will.   But i've come here to ask, what are your tips for studying?  When i study i usually listen to music, i feel i can't just focus on one thing. I need to focus on more than one thing at once.  Thanks for reading reddit.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I hate my life and it's getting hard to convince myself that it's worth living. I want help but everything takes so much time that I've lost hope. Is there anything I can do?;;;This isn't going to be a happy one, just so you know.  I hate my life. It's a shithole.  I couldn't pay attention when I was little. My teachers always complained that I never did any homework and that I seemed very jumpy. Despite this they never said anything about me having ADHD, I guess they never knew anything. I never oaid any attention to my scholmates and I didn't know why they hated me.  My parents never said anything either. My dad is the "life is hard but you gotta move on and work hard" kind of guy and has probably never heard of ADHD and would probably never believe such a thing. I told my mom that I suspect that I have ADHD and she said that she suspected that there was something wrong with me. I was very angry at this, why wouldn't she say or do something? She probably also have ADHD but she's self-medicating by drinking lots of coffee and smoking.  I suck at every possible thing that I could suck at at this moment. School, friends, family etc. I've gone to a doctor for help but it's taking such a long time that I feel like I'm living in a third world country (I live in Sweden). I've written a few questionnaires in three months and the "testing" will begin in 1-2 months. I can't go to another doctor because there aren't any. I have to go to this particular doctor and I have no choice in choosing another one, wheter I like him or not. I've talked to them if we can speed up the process but they tell me that it's not possible and that two months is nothing compared to what other people are waiting. Two months maybe doesn't sound like a lot of time but I'm not sure I'll live tomorrow.  Last week I told this organisation that I was feeling very suicidal and they made a huge fuss about it and said that I needed to get help immediately (lolwat) and they urged me to go to an acute psychology ward to get immediate psychological help. I was stuck in a ward for 7 hours with nothing to do but drink coffee and eat apples except fooling around with my phone. At the end of it I would have more likely died of boringness rather then suicide. Finally, I talk to a doctor and she asked me if I wanted to be locked up in order to prevent suicide. I politely declined and asked her if I could get medication for ADHD or get some testing done. She said that she couldn't do that and that she could offer anti-depressing drugs. I asked her if it wasn't stupid to try anti-depressions meds before taking care of the ADHD. She disagreed with me and said that I should start them now. I thanked here for her help and politely declined the offer (I was feeling better after eating and drinking liters of coffee at this point). After that I just went home.  She has now contacted the organisation that I should be on anti-depressing meds immediately and they will probably contact me soon. I'm feeling very weirded out because I think I should take care my ADHD before taking care of my depression, but they absolutely refuse this. I'm guessing that Sweden's drug policy is much stricter than America's.  I hate my life and I just can't fucking wait two months before getting help. I was almost got hit by a car yesterday because I couldn't concentrate on the walking lights. I've talked to everyone I could think of and it's always the same: "just wait, it's not a long time at all, just wait, wait, WAIT". I feel they are very unsympathetic and I can't get any non-medicated help anywhere before diagnosis.  There is one toher place that does diagnosis for ADHD but they apperantly take even longer time to diagnose ADHD. There are private doctors but the cheapest I could find was one who charged 2000$ for doing a god damn diagnosis.  There is nothing I can do these two montsh except contemplating suicide. I have courses I need to finish and tasks I need to do but I just can't be bothered.  I've told everyone in my family except my dad that I probably have ADHD and everyone was like "ah, ok" and they still complain about me being lazy. They didn't even ask for what it does or any research. They just said "well, you do have little attention but can you stop being lazy for now?". I've suggested that they read "ADHD for adults" by Russell Barkley to understand what's really going on but they all say that they don't want to read it and that they don't need to.  Is there anything I can do except not kill myself and wait for the test? I've just lost hope of everything now. Can I do something?  **Tldr: Live in Sweden, diagnosis in two months, feeling suicidal, can't get a faster diagnosis date or any help for that matter, what do?**.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I feel crushed.;;;Just made a big step to call up the counseling center at my school and schedule a screening. I feel like I've struggled with an inability to focus for years, and really believe I would benefit from treatment. It's a bit of a big deal for me to ask for help, because I've always been stubborn and thought I could help myself.   I'm also a private pilot. I've just started getting back into it after a few years off, and am so excited to be able to do so. However, I stumbled upon [this article](http://www.aopa.org/members/pic/medical/certification/mental/add.html)*(log-on req'd). I'm so crushed. So, I have to decide between getting the help I need, and the hobby I love. Has anyone been in a similar position?  * **Edit:** Article says pilots with a diagnosis and/or medication for ADHD are ineligible for a medical certification, therefore ineligible to fly. "For medical certification consideration, you will need to have discontinued all psychoactive medications for at least the preceding 90 days.  After being off the medications for 90 days, a neuropsychological evaluation should be conducted."
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I love Ritalin but Concerta is worthless... why!?;;;Okay, I just switched up my meds and now I'm confused.  I had been taking 10mg of Ritalin 2x-3x a day, because it would wear off in an hour or two. My last psychiatrist had me on 20mg pills twice a day, but i lost my insurance and had to ration and i realized that cutting them in half and taking them like that worked. And when it worked, it WORKED. It was glorious. My anxiety and depression symptoms disappeared. I could clean the house, do my homework, do my work stuff, etc. I could get everything done, and i felt great. I was calm, but energized. I definitely wasn't hyped up or about to run marathons or anything. I loved the Ritalin, i just wanted something that would last the whole day, so maybe i could actually be on my meds for class and not just homework, etc.  Well i switched doctors and though this guy (psychiatrist at the outpatient wing of a mental health hospital in my university) who my psych nurse practitioner works with doesn't normally give stimulants, she convinced him that I truly do need it. So from the dose my last doctor had me on, 40mg of ritalin a day, they started me on 18mg of Concerta. Even though I'd tried Concerta before and it hadn't worked.   Sure enough....... it didn't work. I called, and she told me to double the dose. So now i'm on 36mg of Concerta. I can tell I've taken it because my heart beat is faster (not hard, my blood pressure is crazy low to start with), but I can't even tidy my desk, let alone get any homework done. I just noticed that my anxiety isn't better at all, when with Ritalin it would be GONE, totally. Ritalin gives me enough energy to get stuff done, but this concerta doesn't give me any energy at all.  I guess my question is basically, WTF?? From everything I've read concerta is just long acting Ritalin. Is it because 36mg slowly delivered throughout the day is still too little at a time? How many "doses" does XR give? With the Ritalin I would get 10mg at a time. It wouldn't last, but it worked! I'm going back to the doctor on Monday. Do you think she'll just up me to the 56mg concerta? Would even that give me enough at one time to equal ~10mg? How can 36mg spread out still be so worthless to helping my anxiety at all? I had tried a XR Adderral once and it worked pretty well. I don't know if it is a dose issue or if i should be really asking her to switch me to adderrall XR. And it's hard because doctors always think ADDers are just drug dealers wanting to make money anyway, and i never actually see this doctor, my nurse is my go between and she doesn't really know much about ADD meds because they don't usually deal with them, I'm just a particularly desperate case that they don't want to turn lose during my senior year.  **TL;DR: Ritalin is awesome, Concerta during midterms is going to destroy my life. What is up with that? Anyone else need to take high doses of Concerta to get any effects?**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Could I have ADHD? What should I do?;;;I'm a 13 almost 14 year old boy in 8th grade. I have a ton of symptoms of ADHD, especially procrastinating, ALWAYS being late, and obviously a lot of trouble concentrating. I also feel like i have slight OCD because of some things. I want to tell my parents i think i have ADHD, but i don't think they would think i have it because i have good grades and all my school stuff is organized well, although my room and other things are not. Could i still have ADHD? How should i bring this up to my parents? I wanted to keep this as short as possible if you have any questions for me just ask.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How do you make and keep yourself motivated?;;;Hey /r/ adhd, I'm a recent college graduate who was diagnosed with ADHD when I was around 7 years old, so I've been knowledgeable about, and used to, some of the pitfalls that surround ADHD.  However it's been rather recently (around the last two or three years), that I've found I've become rather apathetic in many things that I *am* doing, or *should* be doing.  I've simply found it difficult to motive myself to do something I love (such as reading or playing a video game), or something I dislike doing but *know* that I *need* to do (such as cleaning dishes or doing laundry).  Only in the past few months have I learned that there is a strong correlation between lack of motivation, and ADHD.   I am currently unemployed but have attempted to find a job in the past few months to no avail, mostly because I've found it difficult to motivate myself to care enough to contact enough companies, or to follow-up, and I'm reaching my breaking point.  There are other goals I had for the summer, but the lack of self-encouragement and drive constantly reared its ugly head and most of my goals were hardly even started.  Like many of you I have a lot of creative ideas floating in me that I would really like to just get started on.  Medication helps me focus, but it doesn't necessarily *motivate* me.  So my question is: to those who have found themselves in the same boat as me, how do you manage to motivate...and stay motivated...in  sticking to a project or task?  Any help would be greatly appreciated, thanks.  TL:DR I have found it difficult to become and keep myself motivated.  Solutions or tips on how to do so would be greatly appreciated.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What dosing frequency has worked well for those of you with Adderall IR?  ;;;Hi everyone!  I am a 32 yo female recently diagnosed with ADHD-PI.  I am looking for help on a good dosing schedule for Adderall IR.  I see a great psychologist and have a wonderful ADHD coach that has helped me immensely.  There have been so many positive improvements over the past few weeks that I am excited about but I am still trying to perfect a good dosing schedule of my Adderall IR.  I have discussed this with both my doctors and they have offered some suggestions and said 'to play around with the dose' but I am hoping you guys through personal experience can help me!  ADHD doesn't just affect me at school and it's been my choice to take my meds most days.  My doctors have also encouraged it.  I have some very long days, especially school days and days that are heavy on homework.  The problem I am still facing is evenings and dealing with the inevitable crash.  This is an issue for a few reasons:  1) This is the time that I usually spend with my partner.  Taking another dose of IR too late in the day interferes with sleep but the crash I typically feel (antsy, accelerated heart rate, weird feeling) is just plain uncomfortable and affects my overall mood.  He is awesome and it's important to me and our relationship to not always feel yucky when I see him.    2) I have a few days a week that are pretty long because of school and homework.  I have been trying to organize my life around Adderall but there are times where this just isn't possible.  Sometimes doing homework later at night is the only option.  The crash doesn't put me in a great mind set to get things done.    So, a few questions:  1) For those of you with experience taking Adderall IR, do you feel like the crash feeling have gotten better with time?  I have tried a lot of tricks offered in this subreddit to helping with dealing with it, but none seem to be very effective.    2) They have suggested moving to an extended release dose during the day and then taking an IR dose later in the day.  Has anyone done this and if so, does this help with the evening crash?    Thanks so much!!!  **TL;DR: Trying to find a dosing schedule that works well for me in all areas of life.  While Adderall has worked awesome for morning and afternoons, I am struggling with the crash feeling in the evening. **
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Ritalin/ Concerta advice on schedule, appetite suppression and general mood changes while medicated.;;;Hi, this is really late and i have taken a sleeping pill to help me...sleep, so this may be written poorly.  i just have a question and if i get responses probably many more, they all explode at once when i think about what i want to ask and i just cannot communicate them.  i have been prescribed ritalin 10mg and concerta xl 36mg for my adhd by the psychiatrist my mum sees. I was diagnosed around 7, stopped taking meds at 10/11, and started again around 21 in my 3rd year of university.   My issue is that the doctor i saw has been on sick leave for a very long time and never really advised the dosage for whichever med i chose to use, only that ritalin lasts 4hrs and concerta 12. I have no fucking clue how do schedule this shit!  Additionally, both of these meds suppress my appetite and even though i feel so incredibly productive and engaged (which i fucking love), i just cannot sacrifice eating. I am too skinny as it is and i can literally go all day eating little to nothing from one ritalin.   Can anyone help me out with advice from their own experience with these two? I really want to kick ass every day.  Also, i can sometimes feel really emotionless while on my meds, i'm happy yet i just cannot communicate with those around me.   ....Again, i saw a lot of words underlined with red up there but i just cannot be bothered to re-read. Sorry!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Heard once that many with ADD/ADHD can't whistle. How many here can?;;;For those who want to know where I heard it.  When I was diagnosed as a kid, my mother went to some kind of information session.  She told me the person giving the session asked the audience (parents of newly diagnosed children) how many had children who couldn't whistle, and several raised their hands with much nervous giggling.  It has always sounded off to me, but at 30 I still can't manage much of a whistle, and neither can my wife, who also has ADD.  So I figured I'd ask.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Help with my AP US reading ;;;Hi all, I have seen you all help so many other ADHD students with their issues, I was hoping you might be able to help me with mine. First, a little context. I go to a very academicly challenging boarding school, and love it. I thrive in a busy environment (like many of you, I don't deal well with downtime). However I am having a lot of trouble doing my junior year AP US reading, it is very dry so it is really hard to concentrate. Every night we have about 20 pages of reading, and some nights I will start it and not finish it, other nights I won't even be able to start it. This is effecting my grade, I have a C/C+ average in AP US when in every other class (including other AP courses) I am in the B+ to A+ range.   I take 40mg of vyvanse every morning at around 7:30. This has worn off by the end of the day when I sit down to do the reading. Because of the hectic life of boarding school I don't have time to complete reading during the day, only in the evening once my meds have worn off. I really don't want to take more medication in the evening simply because it would screw with my already wacky sleep schedule. So are there any tricks that veterans of this class or others like it might have to share with me? Are there any ways that I might make it more interesting (I have tried rewards systems with candy, but my self control is really low and I just end up eating it all before I finish). Any suggestions would be MUCH appreciated!   PS. Forgive any weird typos, I am writing this on my phone.    TL;DR Anyone have any tricks for getting boring or tedious tasks done without the use of medication?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Do you find that ADHD has an impact (positive or negative) on intimacy and sex in your relationships?  Possibly [NSFW] because of topic!  ;;;Newly diagnosed with ADHD-PI and in a long term committed relationship.  Just started treatment on Adderall IR (still working on perfecting dose/frequency) as well as having an ADHD coach.     You guys are so full of good ideas and sometimes personal experience is more applicable and useful than reading generic articles and advice on this topic.  Someone else recently posted a topic regarding relationships in general but I would love opinions, rants, advice, thoughts, links, articles or whatever on intimacy and sex that you would be willing to share.    * Do you think ADHD has impacted intimacy and/or sex in your current or past relationship (positive or negative) and how so?   * What makes your sex lives healthy and satisfying?  Tricks, tips, advice?!?!?!  * What challenges do you find in creating and maintaining a satisfying and healthy sex life as it relates to challenges with ADHD?    I know a lot of factors play into this topic: relationship dynamics, personal experience, personalities, interests and preferences, schedules and commitments etc....  Possibly gender as well but I hate to create and perpetuate stereotypes.     Thanks everyone!      **TL;DR: How has ADHD impacted your intimacy and sex lives, if at all, and what works or doesn't work in your relationships to create and maintain a healthy sex life as it relates to ADHD???**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Can having ADHD make you want to be alone?;;;A friend of mine has ADHD and lately he's been disappearing for days at  time. Is it related at all? I just want to know how I can help him and understand what's going on. I mean, the obvious answer is to give him space, but I also get worried when I don't hear from him for a long time, since usually we talk or hang out every day.   Admittedly I don't actually know much about ADHD so maybe you guys could help me to understand what he's going through? How can I support him in general, also?  Thanks.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What the fuck is happening to me? I took Concerta and now I'm flipping out, four days after I took it.;;;I got diagnosed with ADHD a few weeks ago . I'm usually pretty anxious so I was wondering how it would turn out. I got Concerta and Ritalin. The first two days were ok. The third day I upped the dose as per doctors orders and I had a lot of anxiety. I also had headaches like my head was going to explode. My tinnitus got worse and all sound started to hurt me. I locked myself in my room. I just waited out this horrible feeling.  The horrific part is that I still feel really, really anxious, more than before, and it feels like I'll never be OK. I still get afraid when a sudden loud sound is made. This is four days after the last medication. I don't know what to do. I talked to my doctor and he says that my side effects are really strange. He gave me short acting anti-anxiety and sleep medication. He also said that I should try Strattera and that it might help. He also said that I could try anti anxiety meds but that they take really long time to work so I had to be sure before I take them.  Now I just take anti-anxiety meds and fall asleep and sleep a lot. Then when I wake up I start to feel very anxious and I take the med again and I fall asleep again. I don't know what else to do.  My family is really starting to get worried and I hate to do this to them.  I don't know what the strategy is here. My doctor said that I'm should take Strattera 40 mg on monday and onward. We see each other on tuesday and he said that we should discuss  anti-anxiety meds then. Won't Strattera make me more anxious, since it's a NRI? I don't know what to think anymore.  I looked up clonidine and guanfacine and I read that they help more with the panicky/anxious side of ADHD more then Strattera. However, my doctor can't prescribe them to me and he have to send it to me to another clinic for that.  Will Strattera help me with this? And more importantly, will I ever be ok? I feel like it's game over at this point. I've never felt this anxious in my life. Any tips? I'm ok with my ADHD not being completely treated if it means that I don't have to feel like this.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Tips for better eye contact?;;;i know my eye contact is terrible, but until last week no one has ever called me out on it. last week i got evaluated at work (i work at an art museum) and i kept looking away from my supervisors, though mostly without realizing it.    one of them asked me why i didn't make consistent eye contact and reminded me that i must look at guests in the eye when they come in.   it was really awkward and even though i told my supervisors about having adhd i want to get better at it. any ideas?  tl;dr tips please
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Help needed in Los Angeles;;;23/m I've been diagnosed with ADHD since I was very young and have been taking 450mg of Wellbutrin each day.  I have a good job and work as an engineer for the largest major league sport in america making 6 figures (ADHD FTW)  I've recently started dating my good friend of 3 years whom I have grown to love over those years (I beat the friend zone!)  Anyhow I have been trying to explain to her about my ADHD, the challenges I face, how hard it is for me to do things that seem so easy to people.   She's been very supportive, and encouraging but recently I've begun to struggle a bit with my ADHD.   That all said I feel like a loser, I can't control the simplest things in my like like a normal human being. Every time I try to make or break a habit I fail, HARD. I can't even get my sorry butt to the gym even though I've been paying for it for months. I feel lost, like I'm headed down a bad path and eventually I won't be able to keep juggling all these balls. I'm worried my ADHD could affect my relationship with the woman I so love. Mood swings, struggling not abusing substances, and the inability to manage my money properly aren't exactly the most attractive things to a woman.  I'm lost, I feel like eventually she will just leave me because of all the craziness that comes with ADHD. I feel like the black sheep of my family and abnormal when in social settings.   I just want to cry and roll up in a ball, can anybody offer any words of encouragement, suggestions, or support? I really need it today :'(
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I feel stuck, lost, and scared at 23. I need some cheering up from people who understand ADHD and my struggles.;;;23/m I've been diagnosed with ADHD since I was very young and have been taking 450mg of Wellbutrin each day.  I've recently started dating my good friend of 3 years whom I have grown to love over those years (I beat the friend zone!) Anyhow I have been trying to explain to her about my ADHD, the challenges I face, how hard it is for me to do things that seem so easy to people.   She's been very supportive, and encouraging but I don't think she's able to fully understand what it's like to live with ADHD. I love this woman so much and don't want our relationship to fizzle because of my own actions.  I have a good job and work as an engineer for the largest major league sport in america making 6 figures (ADHD FTW). I don't have problems professionally, but personally - WOAH.  I feel like a loser, I can't control the simplest things in my like like a normal human being. Every time I try to make or break a habit I fail, HARD. I can't even get my sorry butt to the gym even though I've been paying for it for months.   I feel lost, like I'm headed down a bad path and eventually I won't be able to keep juggling all these balls. I'm worried my ADHD could affect my relationship with the woman I so love. Mood swings, struggling not abusing substances, and the inability to manage my money properly aren't exactly the most attractive things to a woman.  I'm lost, I feel like eventually she will just leave me because of all the craziness that comes with ADHD. I feel like the black sheep of my family and abnormal when in social settings.  I just want to cry and roll up in a ball, can anybody offer any words of encouragement, suggestions, or support? I really need it today :'(
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Apology Letter to my parents (rough draft);;;Finals week this week, I'm failing math and can't do much to help it. This will cost my generous parents thousands at my out of state university. Not looking for pitty, just criticism.  Dear Mom/Dad,  I love y'all so much and your support has been amazing throughout my life. This semester, I messed up bad. Y'all have done everything to help me succeed and i blew it. Im not blaming my performance on my ADHD, Ive gotten through 6 semesters of college without medication, but this time i need help. I want a doctor/psychiatrist to talk to me about my disorder. When i was diagnosed i was very young, and i have little understanding of my disorder. This semester, I fell apart losing the focus to clean, study, have a conversation. It was all extremely depressing. I pushed away my anxiety about the math class by ignoring it completely. My inability to focus is crushing me. I feel as if I've wasted away my potential. Im not depressed, but i have some issues i need to workout. Im incredibly sorry for my performance this semester, I wanted y'all to know whats up because you've been great at supporting me.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD Parents: do you find yourself projecting your symptoms on your children?;;;Last week I had a teacher meeting with my son's pre-school (he's 4 years old). While generally he got a good report, there were a couple of flags that reminded me of myself growing up. Having been diagnosed and treated for the first time at age 32, I've thought a lot about the pros/cons of a later in life diagnosis. With my son however, I'll know better to be on the lookout and will have to decide if/when to medicate (should he actually have ADHD).  The things they said which stood out aren't a huge deal, but they are things like: he's in his own world a lot, he is in a constant state of imaginative play, plays in this imaginary world a lot by himself (less so with other kids), and while he's very smart, he doesn't actually seem to be paying attention to "lessons" during circle time (in his own world during lessons, doesn't participate).  I don't know if I'm projecting my own experience (daydreamer, in my own world, didn't pay attention, bored in school, etc.) on him or just oversensitive to the ADHD criteria. How do other parents deal with these types of things as your kids get older? Thanks!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Even though I now don't know whether I have ADHD-PI, SCT, or whether I've just had incredibly low testosterone my whole life;  Do any of you still kind of feel like.. you haven't grown up? I feel kind of weird that I'm an adult, almost like I'm not ready for that (even though it's been years). ;;;I'm not even sure I can articulate that feeling, but.. maybe some of you can.  I should clarify the title:  I was **diagnosed with ADHD-PI** a few years ago(which **could be Sluggish Cognitive Tempo**).  I've had many of the symptoms and coming to this subreddit has been an incredible experience, finding people just like me.     That being said, I was recently (2 or 3 weeks ago) finally tested and found out that **I have extremely low testosterone**.    I have no idea what is causing the low T, or how long it's been an issue, so now I'm **unsure whether I have ADHD-PI, SCT, or if Low T is causing all of my issues and always has**.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD, Depression, and school work;;;I am a 17 year old guy with bad depression issues and ADD. This greatly effects my school work. I take meds for both and they help a lot. However I can never seem to get myself to do work at home. The thought is something near terror at the thought and I feel it would be better if I played video games instead. But this also causes an issue because i become conflicted and depressed. I choose games over work because it is easier to do. I always understand work and if i don't I don't have an issue asking the teacher for help. I have issues telling other people directly want my problems are and try to drop hints best I can but never can get it out quite right. Shear terror ensues if i do try to directly tell someone. I need advise on how to get work done.  TLDR: I need advise on how to get work done. (keep in mind the depression troughs curveballs at the normal ways to solve the issue)  edit: I do seem to get more work done when friends are around working as well. Sadly my friends do not always want to work...
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Dear r/ADHD, I don't have ADHD. But my boyfriend does and since he started medicating for it I'm worried our relationship is dying.;;;The title basically sums things up, but here are the details. Due to difficulties with work and school, my boyfriend (in his early 30s) started taking Strattera in early November. He quickly improved in work and school, and life was wonderful.  But alongisde improvements there came a whole list of side effects - constant lethargy, decreased appetite, but the ones that are killing me is that his affectionate and sexual sides are basically gone. We had a talk a couple weeks ago that ended in an ultimatum - either we find another solution to his ADHD or I was done. A couple weeks ago he switched to Adderall, but his ability to be affectionate hasn't come back. We've had sex twice since early November.  To put it mildly, I'm having trouble dealing. I'm doing my best to be patient and supportive while the old medication flushes out and he gets on the new one, but all this makes me feel completely undesirable. I need to feel like things are going to get better, like the guy I was with the last year is still in there and what I'm seeing is just side effects that will go away. I've talked to him about it, but I feel lost and in this alone.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Nicotine works better than any prescription ever did for my ADHD.;;;I was first diagnosed with ADHD when I was around 9 years old. In middle school and high school, I went through a variety of prescriptions, including Strattera and Adderall. The Strattera it turns out made me suicidal, so I got switched to Adderall until I couldn't take the emotionless zombie effect and I stopped taking it of my own accord junior year in high school.   I'm now a sophomore in college and have been struggling with my symptoms ever since I stopped taking the meds. I managed to earn good grades, but it would be a constant struggle for me to focus and stay on task, especially in classes where there was no set structure. Completing homework assignments in a timely fashion was nearly impossible. It would take me forever to fall asleep at night because I couldn't shut off the damn static.  I never smoked, but about a month ago, I tried what's known as an electronic cigarette. It is meant to be a healthy alternative to smoking cancer sticks, it contains only vegetable glycerin, propylene glycol, nicotine, and flavoring (which are all recognized as safe by the FDA) thus there are no carcinogens and it won't damage your lungs. Additionally, without the MAOI's and other chemicals in cigarettes, the nicotine in e-cigarettes is only as addictive as caffeine, so you won't develop an addiction or feel deprived if you go long periods without using it.  Anyway, I found that the nicotine cleared up all my ADHD symptoms as well if not better than Adderall, without the terrible side-effects. For the first time in years I have been able to focus on a task I wanted to do and complete it without distraction. My mind is so much less cluttered and I can think and focus clearly. When I go to bed now, I fall asleep 5 minutes or less after my head hits the pillow. This discovery has improved my quality of life so many times over.   Well, that is my story, just thought I would share.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How does Alcohol effect those with ADD/ADHD?;;;I have heard many times that Weed and other drugs have a different effect on those with ADD/ADHD, but does alcohol have a significantly different effect?  I recently got shitface drunk for the first time (first time shitface drunk) and noticed I was acting differently then all other party members. I'll post full story if i get some comments on this.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Sensory overload in busy new places - tips and tricks?;;;Sorry in advance for a long post, I'm not good at keeping things brief.  I've only recently been diagnosed with ADHD (I'm 23 years old), and a dysthymic disorder that is most likely a direct result of undiagnosed AD(H)D.  Before my diagnosis I'd already booked a lifelong dream trip to Tokyo, for a month. Super psyched about it (still am), but also slightly worried due to the following:  In the summer I was in New York for a month (vacation, on my own) staying with friends of my parents'. At some point I had a complete meltdown: I felt numb, lifeless, like everything was too much and my own brain was driving me completely insane. I just wanted to shut my head down, pause everything, but I couldn't get away from myself.  I wrote this off to all sorts of exterior factors, but have come to realize, or I should say accept, that this was a good example of the 'filter not working' while in an environment full of new input. A sensory overload, so to speak.   While in New York I felt pressured to go out each day, because I would feel weird sitting in someones house all day while being in a fun city. And I won't have this factor in Tokyo as I'm staying on my own. But I'm still slightly worried about experiencing something similar, as I've realized more and more that it's not something you can "think away" or just shrug off.   The thing is, I am starting my medication (methylphenidate) after I return, both because I don't have a big enough time window to get the paperwork in order (and don't want to travel with illegal substance without the right papers), but also because my psychiatrist suggested it might not be a good combo to have to familiarize with new medication while in a foreign country, and have no proper communication with her for a month. There wasn't really a good option here, but the paperwork issue really decided it for us.     So my question is: What do you guys do when you're head is exploding and you just want to pause it (apart from meds)?  Do you have a certain type of meditation that works? Books? Certain teas? Is there something you tell yourself? Or do you have a way of preventing this, for example staying in bed one day (or afternoon) a week?     TLDR; Recently diagnosed, one month trip to Tokyo (alone) soon and starting meds after I get back, afraid of another sensory overload experience, looking for tips &amp; tricks.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Are there any good psychiatrists/psychologists in Sacramento, California?;;;I'm looking to get diagnosed and tested, but i'm looking for a good place that maybe one of you guys know of.  Resources would be appreciated too, Thanks reddit!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Could someone take a guess on if someone has adhd, based on a video of them?;;;Now, before i get an earful, I know you guys are not professionals, i'm just looking for mere opinions of people that have the disorder.  Now, if I made a video of myself speaking and interacting, do you guys think that could exhibit signs that I may have it?  Me and my family lack the money to go get me diagnosed. I've tried getting a job, but either heard nothing back or blew the interview. I'm getting desperate here, and I am just looking for any confirmation that I may possibly have it before going and shelling out $350 to get tested.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Instead of being a disability, I think of ADHD more as a different way of learning and a different way of seeing the world.;;;It's not so much that I think of it as a gift, as I think of it as a different way of thinking.    Approximately 5% of the world's population has ADHD.  While that is a large number (a *huge* number in fact), it is still only 1/20th of the world's population.  The rest of the world (the 19/20ths of the population) learn in a totally different way than us.  What does that mean exactly?  It means that they expect us to learn the same way that they do.  The thing is, we don't learn that same way.  We learn in our own way; the way our brains were hardwired.  I hate that people without ADHD think that we are stupid and lazy.  We aren't, we just *think differently*.  Why don't they get that?  I cannot say.  What I do know is that we cannot think of ourselves as being stupid *or* lazy.  Guys, we are *smart*!  Don't feel bad about yourself, because they have no right to put you down.  Teachers, parents, bosses, friends... they just have a different way of thinking than you.  Meds are good because they allow you to function in this hostile environment that we live in, same with therapy, but don't think that you *have* to use them.  I recommend medication, very highly in fact, but don't be afraid to *embrace* your ADHD.    **TL;DR** : Don't feel like you are stupid, lazy, or disabled because you have ADHD.  ADHD is a different way of learning and a different way of seeing the world.  Don't let those jerks who call you stupid, annoying, or lazy get you down!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Do any of you work night-shifts? If so do you have any issues with taking your meds.;;;Hi. I am 29 years old and have just been diagnosed with ADD. I will starts my meds in about two weeks as long as my blood pressure is behaving.  I have been working nights now for about 3 years, full time, and I know the body can work differently on nights. I work Monday - Thursday 00:30 - 10:00. I then stay awake all day Friday after work so that I can get back onto "Day time" for the weekend so I can spend it with my SO and friends.   So I was just wondering if any of you experienced peeps have any advice on taking meds during the night shift. I will be following my doctors advice and be taking them at the same interval just at night time. But I am really just wondering what to expect and if the switch back to days will be difficult. Cheers.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Dealing with ADHD - Has anyone tried going gluten &amp; casein free rather than take meds?;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD (along with anxiety) in my mid 20s a few years ago.  I started taking Adderall XR 20mg, but it didn't have the effects/benefits I was hoping for.  I was still struggling to understand and cope with my ADHD.   A couple of years later I found out Adderall and my birth control weren't agreeing with my liver. To top off the liver problems, I discovered that I have Hashimoto's disease.    I was advised by my doctor to consider diet changes such as going gluten free. However unless someone told me I had to, it wasn't going to happen... Well had an allergic reaction to something, which cause my boyfriend (now husband) to push me for a food allergy test...   TADA! Gluten and casein were on my list. Now I realize that those blood tests aren't the gospel but they certainly do raise red flags.  So I went the course of cutting out gluten and casein from my diet to see what would happen.  I have to say I've experienced MAJOR improvements! My focus and thought process is clearer. I'm able to work through the noise better than I ever did on Adderall.  I won't say that I'm perfect. I still have fluxes in energy levels, but I don't get sleepy like before. It is easier to maintain more consistent levels in everything, which is the key for me to be able to manage my ADHD. Seriously I feel great!   So I'm curious if anyone else has tried changing their diet. It hasn't been easy to be true to (damn you, McDonald chicken nuggets), but the benefits for me have outweighed the desire to cheat.   TLDR: Going gluten and casein free has improved ability to combat ADHD symptoms
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Finally going to post my issues: I pick at self, and I think I have constant anxiety as well. Is this possible?;;;One of my symptoms to lead me to getting diagnosed, treatment, and medication (currently on generic adderall) is that I constantly am picking at myself. Yes, this sounds like I am sort of meth head (trust me I did this before ever doing adderall so its not the drugs).  It all started with chewing my nails. Fairly normal habit to have, especially at a young age. Do it cause of nervousness Ive always been told and in my head im thinking... But im not nervous right now? And still, I have never stopped.  Since then I have found that I chew cuticles, pick skin (especially scabs+zits if they are there), chew on inside of my lip, at one point I counted my teeth with my tongue over and over again (yes, I got the same amount every time...), and a few years ago I developed the worst thing yet. I yank out my eye brows. Started out slow, filled in a couple gaps when I did too much and for a couple years now I basicically draw on my brows... This is really hard to talk about because I am so insecure about them.  But basically, with a little more info than just my constant picking, I went and got tested and got medication. Things have improved, but the picking not necessarilly. At least it hasnt gotten worse.  Then I tried really really hard to pay attention to when and why I would pick. And honestly, its all the fucking time. And im starting to wonder if maybe I dont have as much ADHD issues, as anxiety issues. I have grown up being a very busy and involved child. I do have my breaks, so its not that I just need to "slow down". Even on vacations/breaks I do this. And right now, I have school and a job and am in a play, but I have some nice hours to myself quite a few times a week and yet I never stop the picking. And if I somehow tell myself to NOT FUCKING touch my brows, I will go to my nails. Then my cheeks, etc.    Anyway, is the picking a form of anxiety? Im afraid to ask my doctor for both but I dont know about giving up my adderall precription yet either, cause it helps too.  Thanks for reading this far.  **TL;DR: I constantly pick at myself and absolutely cant stop. Pretty sure I have constant anxiety but I also think I have ADHD. What the hell do I do??**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADD, my wins in 3 months.;;;I want to share some of my story, if it doesnt make sense please say so as i am from Europe.  I have severe back/body pain issues, i am 25 years now, and been coping with these pain for 10 years.  Besides pain through my whole body i have some severe concentration issues. I can not concentrate on pretty much anything unless i like it very very much. Writing long stories like this is difficult as I think many can relate.  Last december i went to some big tests and got diagnosed ADD. Finally some things fell on their place.  After medication (methylfenidate) i felt i could acceive so much more and my emotions where more in controll and i am so much happier.  I had some extra motivation because of this and decided it is time for change.  I started with simple walking, 2,85km i came home and was complety broken. My back hurt alot and i was tired as hell. But i kept pushing myself everyday.  I stopped eating fat/ sweet food and drinking alcohol. And starting to eat more healthier.  Somehow last month i started to trust myself more an more and saw my own potential which i havent seen in 10years.  I can now walk easily 8km and run 3,5km. The pain in my body went from a 9/10 to a 4/10. And lost almost 8kilo.  I will continue and i will not lose.   I wanted to share this story as i am recently new to ADD and writing this will also help me.   TL;DR: recently ADD diagnosed, got medicine which helped me excersise and gain more controll over my body and life.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Some advice from a 10 veteran! :);;;Wow. This community is awesome.  So supportive. I don't think I've seen a single down vote towards someone who is posting about their troubles or mini-victories.  With that said, I think it also needs to be said that there is a bit of a sampling error here. I was fortunate enough to have been diagnosed a very young age, and as a result, I have been taking medicine for a long enough time to the point where I don't recognize myself as ADD on a regular basis. I know a lot of people who are ADHD and have known for a while who feel the same.  And because of that, we don’t generally look for answers online too often.  We generally know what the problem is already.  I actually found this Subreddit as a fluke.  However, I know a lot of people come here because they are looking for an answer.  And as a result, there are many posts here about how people have fairly recently "discovered their problem" or "have finally been prescribed medication". But this is dangerous.   If troubled people come here and see a high concentration of people who swear by medication, they think it’s the only answer.  Extremely heavy narcotics should never be the first resort.  Please, if this is your first time hearing about ADHD or first time thinking you might have it, don't think the only answer is in pill form.  While it may seem popular here, it may not be the only answer.  It truly breaks my heart to see a post saying "I think I have ADHD, and I'm going in tomorrow to my psychiatrist to ask for medication." Trust me, there are many other highly functional ADD people in the world who have learned to cope without medication.  Don’t get me wrong, medication is a perfectly viable option, and it works for many people including myself, but I really wish someone would have help me differently. *tl;dr:* **You aren’t broken.  There isn’t a thing about you that is wrong.  You don’t need to be fixed.  Society is designed for a certain type of person.  Everyone outside of those bounds is just different.  That’s who we are. Medication is a way to cope for those differences, not to make us “normal”.  Our brains aren’t designed for these drugs, rather these drugs are designed to make our brains fit in society.  The problem isn’t that you don’t work, it’s that society only has one option.  Find the other option.**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What are the physical symptoms of adhd/add?;;;I just went to the physciatrist last week. He thought I had add and prescribed me ritalin 5mg. But I don't know what's the deal with doctors here he just wanted to get the appointment over quickly and I was diagonised within 10 minutes. WTF? Anyway, I wanted to ask him about physical symptoms of add but I forgot + he was in a hurry. Now I want help from you guys. I feel like every muscle in my body is troubling me. Like I need to twist my hand leg and keep feeling extreme discomfort in other parts of body. I feel like poking my eyes out and hitting my rib with a hammer. It' not physical exactly but I feel the need to move my hands  and feet and eyes and stomach and everything. It is soo frustrating. Is this anyway related to ADD? if not what could it be?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Hello, I just got diagnosed with ADHD two days ago, I was wondering if any of you had any general advice that you would have liked to know when you first got diagnosed. Thanks :);;;So like I said I just got diagnosed two days ago. I'm going to set up an appointment with my doctor and talk to them about medication and that kind of thing and do a bunch of research. I was just wondering if anyone had any general advice, or anything that I might not realize having just been diagnosed.   I really don't know what this diagnosis means for me right now, just trying to figure it all out. I don't really have anyone I can go to for advice about this so and I'm kind of unsure how to even talk about it with people so that's why I came here. Thanks!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Anyone else having blood pressure troubles on Vyvanse?;;;I'm currently on Vyvanse 40mg (got prescribed about 1.5-2 months ago), and I've noticed my blood pressure is really low...I think. When I stand up or do much walking, I get a tiny bit lightheaded.   I've also had two episodes so far where my vision sort of shifts and I start hyperventilating.   The first time (last Friday), I was feeling a bit of GI discomfort (odd because I hadn't eaten *too* much that day) and when I bent down and sideways in a funny way to type on my laptop, I suddenly felt like I was about to puke. By the time I reached the toilet with a cooking pot in my hand, ready for leakage from either end, my vision was twisty and dark. I'd just managed to bark out to my mom that I wasn't feeling well, and I'm surprised I managed to get that out. I sat on the toilet with my face in my hands, elbows on my knees, breathing hard through my nose, for next five minutes or so.  The second time, last Sunday, I was enjoying a nice shower when I felt the feeling again (minus the nausea). *Oh no,* I thought, and I went to grab my towel and run for my bed, but it was not to be. I either lost balance or caught my flip-flop on the wall of my bathtub and went down. Oddly enough, though we have a tile floor, it didn't hurt and I only have a colorless bruise. I spent a few seconds on the floor before I could push myself up and put some towels on the toilet so I could sit. I spent the next five minutes in the same position as before, then stood up, washed my face, and wobbled back to my room.   This hasn't happened since Sunday.  More info:  These both happened at about 1am, so would tiredness have something to do with it? My appetite has been kinda low, so I thought blood sugar might play a part too. I'm also on Celexa 20mg, if it helps. The first incident also happened a few hours after I took two capsules (not sure of the size of them) of sodium docusate. I've had some difficulty with urination in the past few days too - I just peed for the first time in at least two days, maybe more. It didn't hurt or anything, but it seems like I've gotten a bladder of steel. I've got a normal build-5'6.5, 150lb, female.    Does anyone have any experience with this? Does it go away after a while?   Thanks!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Any psych students need a case study? Limbic ADHD-I ;;;I want to volunteer myself as a subject because I have a difficult combination of adhd and depression and haven't had any successful treatment since I was diagnosed 3 years ago. I've tried several meds without relief, and the go-to for this sort of thing, Wellbutrin, hasn't helped either. I would like to help the community better understand this type of adhd...
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Long term Vyvanse use/ADHD and chemistry graduate school;;;A little background first: I'm a senior majoring in chemistry and was diagnosed with ADHD a little over two years ago. Since then I've been off and on different stimulants and have now settled on vyvanse since it seems to be the most effective drug for me with the least side effects. In the past I've tried regular adderal but had the worse crashes off of it and adderal xr but experienced the same problem.  I've been taking 60 mg's of vyvanse about 3-4 times a week since the fall with occasional breaks when I'm not in school.  However, while I love how alert and productive vyvanse makes me I really hate some of the side effects(crashing off of it sucks and it definitely changes my personality and reduces my emotions almost to nothing) and am worried about how effective it will be for long term use since I am already at the maximum recommended dose. So I was hoping to get some feedback from people who have been on ADHD medicine for the long term and what their experience has been like. I had a few specific questions to ask but any input you have would be helpful.  Do you actually take vyvanse/your medicine every day and if so did you expierence problems with it stopping to work and what were your side effects like?  What about your personality? Do you feel like your medicine has had a negative effect on it?  Again these are just a few general questions and I'd be grateful for anything else you have to add. Thanks and have a great day!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I've had ADHD for as long as I can remember but I've forgotten the importants about it.;;;I'm 15 and I was diagnosed with ADHD since I was in 4th grade. I've been on concerta ever since then.   I have been taking a 54mg and a 18mg each morning and from the start of school to now, I've been gradually becoming less and less interactive. I also have many anxiety problems when it comes to speaking to girls and answering questions in class.  I would like to know what I can tell my doctor or if there is a way to cope with this anxiety and learn more about this inconveinance we all have.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Saw a psychiatrist for the first time yesterday. She believes I do not have ADHD based off a 5 minute meeting and two questions. I whole-heartedly disagree with her, but then I'm not the professional here. Really need some help on how to continue, details inside.;;;So the meeting started with her asking if there is any history of mental illness or disorder in my family. My mom was with me and she said there was none, even though she's admitted to me that she had ADHD as a child, but it went away as she got older. I don't know why she said there was none, it didn't seem helpful.  Anyway, the second question was how I performed in elementary school. I said I never really had a huge problem with grades, but I remembered getting in more trouble than others for things like fidgeting and moving too much and a lack of attention. I also remember having weird quirks. If a lot of people were at my house, I'd need to isolate myself for a while due to sensory overload. I never had a big group of friends, maybe 2 or 3 really close ones.  After that, the psychiatrist said she doesn't believe I have ADHD. With no family history of mental disorder and no apparent issues with academics at a young age, it doesn't seem likely that I have it. At this point I began to angry at what seemed like a half-assed, rushed diagnosis. Two questions? Neither of which seem like deciding factors? What kind of diagnosis is that? I realize she's the professional and I'm a 21 year old student, but still...  She said it's more likely that I have a high level of anxiety (a common comorbid disorder of ADHD), or simply developed poor organizational habits over the years. By this time, I had started to dismiss her diagnosis as it did seem anywhere near accurate, very rushed, and very assumptive. I kept my mouth shut, but I was upset. I told her that my family doctor diagnosed me with ADHD 3 months ago and prescribed me Adderall XR, which I've been taking since, and that it has noticeably improved my life and state of mind, while decreasing the ADHD symptoms. She said that even if the Adderall improves aspects of my life such as productivity, motivation, and confidence, that is not indicative of the presence of ADHD.  Now, I realize that non-professional self-diagnosis is not very reliable and can be dangerous. However, I have every single symptom of ADHD-PI. Every single one, at a chronic level. As in, they negatively affect my life nearly every hour of every day. Not just sometimes when I don't feel like doing an assignment or when I forget to pay a bill or something. I'm saying that even the things that I enjoy doing are put off and unintentionally ignored, both very simple and very important tasks are forgotten routinely until the 11th hour, anything past ~48 hours in the future is essentially static in my brain (i.e. meaningless, unorganized fuzz), nearly all motivation in my life is external (i.e. fear of the consequences for not doing something), I'm horribly at maintaining relationships (never had a girlfriend), no ability to delegate and maintain focus on what's important (insert "Wall of TVs" analogy here), and the list could go on forever. These are not common issues for most people.  At this point, I've done all I can think to do on my own to change myself, but nothing's worked. I told her this, and she said would recommend talking to the psychologist at their clinic. I was happy with this because I feel like a psychologist will want to ask more questions and really dive deeper, while her two questions barely scratched the surface.  I have some questions. Was she correct in saying I likely do not have ADHD, and more likely have high anxiety or bad habits? Will a psychologist be more in depth? If the psychologist decides I don't have ADHD and just lack organizational skills, could that nullify my prescription? That would be devastating considering how much it's helped in the past 3 months.  Thanks for any help.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Does anyone else with ADHD identify with misophonia? (Extreme response to common sounds);;;I'm currently struggling to figure out what ADHD is, what it does, and if i have it, and I was wondering if anyone else has heard of, especially if you identify with something called [misophonia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Misophonia). I have for sure, and was wondering if it is common with people with ADHD.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Do I have ADHD, or is it just anxiety?;;;So, I know that I have anxiety, and this could just be restlessness from the anxiety, though, I'm not quite sure. And yeah, I know that you can't diagnose people effectively over the internet, but I'd appreciate some feedback.   I feel restless way too often. I feel like I need to constantly check for updates on YouTube, Reddit, Facebook etc. This can be really frustrating when I just want to watch a movie, or a video on YouTube.    When I attempt to learn something new on guitar, or the piano, I spend about 30-50 minutes before I just have to stop. I don't know why, but I have extreme difficulties learning pieces, even though I'm pretty good at actually playing the instruments. It's like learning the piece takes away the magic - it becomes boring, and I lose my will to learn it.  When I sit in class, attempting math, my brain just clocks out after about 10-15 minutes, and I just sit trough the entire class restless.   Now, this might not sound like it's too bad, but it's plaguing me every day, the restlessness, the compulsion to check for updates. You should see me when I order something I really want online.   Now, I'm not spontaneous in the least. I'm calm and logical, I don't get easily exited. I can spend hours doing stuff I'm interested in. I also know that I have anxiety, and depression. I've seen a therapist about that for about 8 months in the past.   Hopefully my post isn't completely ignorant about what ADHD is. Or ADD.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;tips, help, guidance, etc. on dealing with adhd;;;i'm a senior in high school and am attending the university of maryland next semester. having adhd my entire life has unbeknownst to me made it all the more challenging. my parents refused to medicate me up until my sophomore year, when i convinced them that it would be in my best interest. i wanted to make this post to see how others cope with their anxiety and stress regarding adhd. for me, having such a rigorous schedule with almost no free time in between school, extracurriculars and work, i have almost no free time. this also means that i have a lot on my mind. constantly. this causes so much stress to me that sometimes i seclude myself socially or something along those lines to think things through. what's helped a lot is having a running "to-do" or a checklist on my phone that i essentially try and relay my anxieties to.  sorry, i just wanted to open up a bit to a community that i know would understand where i'm coming from. what coping methods do you all usually pursue, and what's proved most beneficial? i'm interested in hearing them.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;3 Weeks in on Adderall. Time to switch?;;;Background:Been using Adderall for about 2 months now. 30yo Male. Diagnosed first when i was about 8-9 and slapped on Ritalin. Didn't do much. Recently went and saw a psychiatrist after therapist recommended it. Diagnosed with inattentive type with a healthy dose of comorbid depression. Started me on 10mg IR in the morning, then after about a month moved me to 20mg IR in the morning and a 10mg IR in the afternoon. Side effects are still there, though not nearly as strong as they were initially. Problem I'm having is I still don't feel like anything has changed. I see all these other people talk about Adderall and the moment of clarity when they take it as life changing, yet I still haven't experienced it. So here I am two months later and am actually feeling even more depressed as I had such high hopes. Should I push my psych to up my dose? Will that make the side effects worse? Or should I ask to be switched to vyvanse?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD meds affecting ADHD people differently;;;I am uncertain if I have ADHD, but that isn't really what this is about. I had the opportunity to try Ritalin(concerta) from a sympathetic friend. I know it makes everyone focus better, ADHD or not, but is it actually verifiable that it makes only(but not all) ADHD people calmer? Last time I took it, I dozed off for a few hours in my chair, and I felt more rested than ever before.   Stimulants help me to sleep, I take pseudoephedrine or ephedrine frequently to help my sleep. It lets me feel comfortable. As far as I have observed, the stronger the stimulant, the less social anxiety too.  It is a strange reaction. I have heard mixed opinions on whether this is significant at all. I know this isn't a way to diagnose someone, but I am wondering if this means I should legitimately pursue a diagnosis. Attention problems are only 2ndary to social anxiety, and I am afraid of SSRIs, so I am cautious of psychs, but if this indicates that the attention problems are primary, I would be willing to go and try to avoid SSRIs.  Just wondering how normal this stim reaction is in the non-adhd population.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;tips, guidance, etc. on dealing with adhd;;;i'm a senior in high school and am attending the university of maryland next semester. having adhd my entire life has unbeknownst to me made it all the more challenging. my parents refused to medicate me up until my sophomore year, when i convinced them that it would be in my best interest. i wanted to make this post to see how others cope with their anxiety and stress regarding adhd. for me, having such a rigorous schedule with almost no free time in between school, extracurriculars and work, i have almost no free time. this also means that i have a lot on my mind. constantly. this causes so much stress to me that sometimes i seclude myself socially or something along those lines to think things through. what's helped a lot is having a running "to-do" or a checklist on my phone that i essentially try and relay my anxieties to. sorry, i just wanted to open up a bit to a community that i know would understand where i'm coming from. what coping methods do you all usually pursue, and what's proved most beneficial? i'm interested in hearing them.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;My doctor changed my medication because "its not working for as long as it should" - the new meds don't work at all! I need advice!;;;I started ADHD medication in mid February.  I started off with 30mg of Vyvanse.  This worked well for about the first three days and then tapered off.    I was then upped to 50mg, which didn't work at all.  Then I was prescribed 60mg of Vyvanse, which worked wonderfully.  It only lasted for about 4-4.5 hours, so halfway through my day I was back to not being able to focus or remember simple things.  When I went back to the doctor, after 5 days of the 60mg, he just upped and switched me to Adderall XR.  I explained that the Vyvanse worked wonderfully, but it didn't last all day like I needed it to.    He said that because it wasn't lasting the 8-12 hours it is said to last that it wasn't the right medication for me.  I've been taking the Adderall XR 20mg for four days now and there is no effect.  None.  Zero.    My doctor and I already decided that because Welbutrin didn't work when I was misdiagnosed with Bi-Polar II years back that it wouldn't work now and so the same thing of Straterra.  So he took me off of Vyvanse, the Adderall doesn't work, Welbutrin and Straterra are out...  I told him I was frustrated because the Vyvanse worked great... just not all day.  Then he brought up another medication that he wants me to try, and that he wants me to think about it.  He said its brand new, but it needs to be taken for 2-4wks before it starts taking effect and then there may need to be dosage changes; that its a non-amphetamine medication.  I started having a meltdown because I can't go 2-4wks without medication - I can not function and its completely disruptive to my life.  He told me to just think about it, never said what it was, and handed me the scrip for Adderall XR 20mg.  Because the adderall isn't working, I'm terrified he's going to write me a prescription for the build up over 3wks medication.  I'm so upset.  I loved the vyvanse while it was working.  I was actually expecting to be given a prescription for an IR for later in the day, like I've known so many others to get.  I don't understand why he would take me off of something that worked.  I've never heard anyone say that Vyvanse lasted for 8-12 hours. I don't think there is a medication out there that if you take just one dose in the morning that its going to last 12 hours.     I'm angry and upset and confused.  Does anyone have any advice?  TL;DR - went through three different dosages of vyvanse - the third dosage, 60mg, worked great but only lasted for about 5 hours.  I got switched to Adderall XR and it doesn't work at all.  My doc told me about some new medication that is non-amphetamine and takes 2-4wks to build up in your system.  I'm terrifed thats what I'll get next and am upset because the Vyvanse worked.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Exam Issues: How do I respond? I'm failed three exams this semester, not because I don't know the material but because I cannot get what I know onto paper.;;;To give a little bit of context. I have two classes currently. One, I actually know all of the material I only took it to get an A. Two exams in this class have passed and I've gotten 50's on both. Part of it is I cannot convey what I know in a way that makes sense. I'm normally not one to blame professors, but part of this is his test wordings confuse me to the point that I cannot clearly convey my knowledge because I don't know what he wants. My exams have turned into trying to figure out what he wants, not what is the right answer. Yet, I'm still failing. I wrote a paper for this same class, it is worth 25% of our grade. I received a 98. I just do not get it. This plays into my other class as well    The other course is one I'm fairly knowledgable. First exam I basically failed (75). I went up to the professor and said, "So I got a 75...?" He said "Yes, this exam is not a reflection of your knowledge ." He knows I know the answers. He said I give him extra information that does connect, but I don't actually give him the whole answer.    In both classes I think the problems stem from I know **too much**. Here is the catch 22. My program (sans the first class) views grades as: You give the right answer, B. You give a good answer B+. An A is reserved for those who are exceptional students and display critical analysis in answering questions. This may be done by bringing in knowledge from course discussions or outside of the course. Both these exams are short answer. The first class I had the same professor last semester and our exams were multiple choice. I also did poorly, despite writing a paper for that course (got a 95). The way he words his questions I get confused and I can't think. I don't know what the answer might be and I over think it. I get the test back and I knew the answer (or accidentally marked it wrong).   I'm actually a senior graduating this semester. However, I was only officially diagnosed (again) last year. I wouldn't care too much about grades, but my GPA is awful. I want to go to vet school and every assignment counts. I work full time and have for 5 years, so that doesn't help. What strategies do you guys do? My professor in the 2nd class said I should spend less time studying material and study how to answer questions for his exam. The problem is if I do that I already know the answer. Our textbook doesn't have like "review questions" so that's not an option.  **TL;DR: I'm in several classes now where my ADHD is causing me to screw up. I know the answers, but have an extremely hard time interpreting and responding to both short answer and multiple choice questions. I'm not new at college, but I'm trying to focus even harder.**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How does getting a new prescription work?;;;So after what felt like a massive struggle, I managed to find a psychiatrist and schedule an appointment. Ended up being diagnosed with ADHD and was prescribed 50mg Vyvanse.   I have a 30 day supply and my follow up appointment was scheduled for a month later (30 days on the dot). I was afraid of having finals that week and being busy, but was told I could reschedule. Turns out I do have finals that week, and won't be able to make it to the appointment.  If I reschedule to an earlier date, will I still receive a refill for my prescription? Let's say my original appointment was on the 3/25 and I reschedule for 4/18 - will I receive another 30 day prescription or will I be told I have to wait, since I obviously still have 7 or so pills left.  Sorry if this is a stupid question. These past few days that I've been medicated have been amazing - I feel normal for the first time in my life. I actually have some self-worth and feel like I actually could be something in life, instead of feeling like a failure.   I remember all too well what my life was like pre-diagnosis and I'm terrified that I might have to back to that, even temporarily. So, if possible, I'd like to prevent a lapse in medication coverage. I've never been prescribed anything, so I don't know how it works. Thanks guys!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;For those who was diagnosed as an adult: What was the change? How did your day to day well-being and functionality differ from before?;;;So, I'm starting to suspect more and more that I may have ADD. I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety around a year ago(might have been two) when I was 17 (or 16), and I thought that was the end of it. After therapy I got a lot better, and now I'm on Zoloft, keeps the lows away.   Also, how do I discuss this with a doctor? It took me thinking I was dying for a few weeks to actually get some help.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Care to share some success stories and maybe give a girl some hope here?;;;This is mainly just a rant post, so please don't even try to read it all of it except the TLdr, I just need to vent and get it all out somewhere and hopefully hear some success stories from you guys as motivation.  I'm 22 and only recently (as in maybe 4 months ago) was diagnosed with ADHD so I'm still in the experimental stage trying to figure out which medication will help.  I know this and I keep trying to remind myself that it will take time but I am starting to get so very discouraged with the whole process.  I've tried vyvanse, ritalin, strattera (good lord, the worst experience of my life), and now concerta.  So far vyvanse is the only thing that has helped but not only wore off within four hours but made me such a miserable irritable person to be around.    I'm in my last semester of college with an exam every day this week and next fall will start graduate school but I'm terrified I won't be able to handle grad school, since I feel like things have only gotten worse since my doctor and I have started experimenting with different medications.  I'm not giving up and I know it will all take time, I'm just starting to feel zero hope for this situation and don't have a great support system.    TL:dr- I'm not looking for a pity party, so if you feel like sharing your success stories please do...maybe it will give me a little more hope!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;The DAE Thread :);;;Hey I thought it would be cool if we had a "does anyone else..." thread! I can compile the responses in this post and we can all have a chuckle at our absent-mindedness.  I'll start  1. See things that are theirs in places they shouldn't be (IE shoes on the stairs, hair ties on the ground in bathrooms, magazines on the floor in front of the house) and completely ignore them repeatedly every time they are passed. Often they don't get picked up until someone ELSE comes and says "Hey, this is yours, are you gonna take it?" and often your response is "Meh, just leave it over here." and continue to ignore it some more.  2. Forget to take your medication for ADHD repeatedly, or go through large spans of time where you forget to schedule appointments with your psych/therapist until you're either out of medicine or are going through a mini-crisis  3. Root for the wrong team at the sports event because you forgot which side of the field they are on and aren't paying attention to their jerseys.   4. Falling for a significant other quickly and on the other side of the spectrum, not having interest in romantic feelings for a long period of time  5. Not being able to empathize unless having a direct visual or auditory stimuli of the event, or on the other hand, not being unable to empathize with something which contradicts your own views/opinions/perception of the matter   6. While on OR off medication, craving substances/vices (IE Cigarettes, Weed, Coffee)  7. Not being able to maintain eye contact; finding it easier to talk to others when not looking at them  8. In social situations, having the tendency to blurt out your thoughts without regard to how they fit in the conversation  9. When having a conversation, jumping from topic to topic due to a train of thought when they don't seem to relate at all  10. A lack of drive to do things which are required but also perceived as "a waste of time"   11. Having lots of ideas very suddenly, obsessing over a new idea, only later to completely forget about it and not care anymore  12. Having a thought, but immediately forgetting what it was.   13. Writing Walls-o-text to get your point across but refusing to read other walls-o-text :P  14. Defiance of order and rules  15. Over analyzing EVERYTHING  16. Doing something quirky to snap someone out of their auto-pilot or to make others think  17. In the midst of not saying anything, blurting something out thats completely random. Other people look at you like, O.o  18. Having to re-read paragraphs multiple times due to skipping ahead/not really reading; having to read slowly and carefully to retain information  19. Mind wandering while reading/doing other things  20. Spending too much time in the bathroom, due to imagination  21. CANNOT for the love of god pay attention in class.   23. When they were younger/children, combat boredom by playing with normal items (ie, pencils, erasers, etc) and imagining a different situation; or just have a very vivid imagination that would make it difficult to pay attention   24. Blackout during a conversation; completely stop paying attention and zone out  25. Walk away in the middle of a conversation because you got distracted by something  26. Start getting ready for something (IE, going to bed) then forget you are getting ready for something and waste time/let a lot of time pass before doing what actually had to get done  27. Being hungry but no motivation to prepare food or get any  28. Rambling on because you forgot what point you were going to make  29. Lack of motivation to do fun hobbies!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;This might be the worst place possible to post this... But I think I'm addicted to Reddit and the Internet.;;;Hey guys.  I'm 22, college student, been diagnosed for awhile. Recently I got back on my medication (36mg Concerta) and I've come to terms with something I've known for awhile. I'm addicted to the internet, more specifically Reddit and online tv/movie websites like netflix, hulu+ etc. and facebook...   Obviously this is having a negative affect on my life. When I'm not in class, I'm online... When I'm not hanging out with friends, I'm online... When I'm watching TV... Well you get the picture. I'd estimate I spend 8+hrs/day everyday on the internet.   I know it's going to be hard, but I really want to change. As strange as it sounds, the internet is getting in the way of things I enjoy. I don't even play video games anymore, or go to the gym or read or spend time with friends as much as I would like to. If you guys have any suggestions, pointers, personal insight you would like to add that would be wonderful.   Now that I'm back on my medication, I feel like a new person, but I think this issue is still interfering with my personal life and productivity.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;So I got to send this email out to all my professors this week. That was depressing... Hoping for the best though. Any similar experiences? (Sorry for the length);;;**TL;DR: Me laying out the problems I've been having since I started college that are causing me to miss class and perform poorly overall. My ambition was always high, but my motivation was nonexistent, and I didn't know why. Saw a doctor who diagnosed me with ADHD-PI and prescribed me medication. It helps, but it doesn't fix everything. I'm requesting a medical withdrawal from the semester to wipe my horrible grades, seeing a psychologist throughout the summer to work on my problems, then coming back next semester.**  Professor [Name],  I wanted to address my absence and missed assignments as of late. Please do not think I have simply been lazy or unmotivated, that is not the case. Normally I don't like to bring up personal/medical issues, but I felt it was only fair to both you and myself to fill you in on my lack of participation. I apologize for the length, but I want to provide as much information as necessary here.  I'll provide some back story first. Since I started college in 2010 as a Computer Systems Engineer student, I've been having a great deal of trouble acclimating to the new environment and the responsibilities it requires. I ended my first semester in decent standing, but not without a great deal of struggle and overall stress. More so, it seemed, than most of my peers. I chalked this up to laziness and a lack of motivation.  I switched my major to Digital Culture after freshman year hoping things would change, but unfortunately they only got worse. In school, I was having trouble motivating myself to go to class, finish assignments, and perform well in general. When I did manage to go to class or work on an assignment, it was extremely difficult to pay attention. I could not focus for more than 10-15 minutes at a time before my mind was distracted by something else. I would then become anxious and restless, unable to focus on the important content. This was happening inside and outside the classroom (homework, projects, studying, reading, at work, etc.). I think the best way to describe it is this: Imagine sitting in front of a wall of TVs all at high volume, and trying to focus on just one of them. You might get bits and pieces of what it's saying, but it takes a lot of energy and concentration to do so. And before long, another TV will grab your attention and pull you away from the important one. That is what my mind is like, 24/7. However, I didn't know this wasn't normal.  I was getting very frustrated with myself and became very self-critical, so I began making lifestyle changes. I tried to eat better, adopt a better sleep schedule, tried to develop a better daily routine, and so on. But these didn't seem to have any significant effect. I was still having the same issues as before, and they were getting worse. By the end of sophomore year, I had become depressed. My grades were spiraling downwards, despite my ambition and desire to do well in school. No matter what I did and how hard I tried, my performance level continued to drop.  By December of 2012, I became fed up so I went to the doctor and explained my issues. I told him about my inability to motivate myself, inability to focus, sleep issues, bouts of depression, and feelings of anxiety/restlessness. After a series of questions, he said he was certain I have ADHD-PI, or Primary Inattentive. I had never considered ADHD as a possibility, and the diagnoses frightened me. I went home and researched the symptoms. After going through nearly every list of symptoms I could find, I realized that I have every single one at a considerable level, and have had them since I was young (ADHD is also hereditary, and my mother had it as a kid). All of the issues I'd been having started to make sense.  It explained my trouble in school. Through researching, I learned that ADHD is a neurological disorder that causes a neurotransmitter imbalance and low dopamine levels in the brain. I learned two important details about ADHD. The first was that it inhibits self-motivation, leaving a person to rely solely on external motivation. For me, the motivation to finish a task is not based on my ambition to do so (however high it may be), but instead on the consequences for not doing so.  The second was that ADHD causes a warped perception of time. Differences in time don't register correctly. Personally, I noticed that my perception of time past ~48 hours in the future is basically a fog. Radio static. I can't understand it, let alone organize within it. Two weeks, two months, and two years all feel the same, despite my knowing they're not.  These two symptoms (time and motivation), make planning, organizing, and preparing for the future nearly impossible. For tests and long-term projects, for example, the inability to "see" past the very near future means I don't see the consequences until they are staring me in the face, and those consequences are the source of my motivation. On a two week project, the thought of finishing didn't register until I realized the consequences were about to happen. Then I'd start. It might seem like I simply procrastinate too much, but I believe procrastination is a choice, while this is not. I want to finish early, I want to study for tests, I want to avoid all-nighters, but I can't. The connection isn't there.  In order to help with these issues, my doctor prescribed me medication. It has helped considerably in some areas, but not all. Medication doesn't fix the symptoms, nor does it get rid of the bad habits and routines developed over the years. To work on those, I've started seeing a psychologist, who believes I may also have some form of anxiety disorder.  At this point, and with the support of my advisor, doctor, and psychologist, I've decided to try and take a medical withdrawal from the semester. I'm still in the process of filling out paperwork and will submit my request in the next few days. This semester was particularly difficult for me, and my grades and mental state have suffered. My stress levels are at an all-time high and feelings of depression are worsening. I believe a break from school and a wipe of this semester's grades are necessary. I plan on working with him throughout the summer and coming back next semester.  I hope this clears things up. Again, I don't want you to think I've just become lazy or unmotivated. This issue has gotten to the point where if I don't take a step back and get some help, I'll likely fail out of college.  Thank you and I apologize for any trouble I've caused. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask."
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;r/ADHD inspired me to talk to my Doctor and now I have some questions for you folks.;;;Hi, I've been lurking for a few months and reading your stories inspired me to seek some help after more than 10 years without medication.   I was diagnosed with ADD back in 1990. I was eventually put on Ritalin, which I took through Jr High, High and some of University. It helped me a lot, though in the last few years, I did not take my medication consistently.   I've been married for 10 years and my wife knows of my history and ha made many comments over that time encouraging me to seek help.   Some of my symptoms have been:  - compulsive eating - inattentiveness  - lack of focus - depression - plus many more.  I have recently been given new responsibilities at work that require me to study, read...focus, etc. it has been a struggle. I think over the years, my ADD has held me back from other positions. I am a big man (375+) and this all started after I finished school and stopped medication.   My Dr. Was receptive to my issues and has started me on One daily dose of Concerta 36mg. I have questions for those of you with similar circumstances.  1. After 5 days, I don't think my dosage is high enough. I think it has had an impact, but I don't think it's lasting 12 hours and I'm not 100 sure how to tell how much it works. Biggest difference I notice is my handwriting, actually. What experiences have others had?  2. My Blue Cross has indicated that they will not cover Concerta after this script runs out. I've read on here a lot of others' experiences with the generic. Should I be worried about switching so soon? Should I go to my Doctor now and talk about that and a higher dose, or wait out the month? How can I articulate to him what change I need, if any?  3. Do any of you on Concerta drink coffee? I've stopped, for fear of an adverse affect.  Sorry for the long post, hope some take a few mins to read and respond without a tl;dr
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Head over to r/nofap. It WILL change your life. I beg of you, fellow reADHDitors;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD 6 years ago. I did maybe 10% of homework for highschool ( just could sit down and focus on it). I had severe social anxiety. A devastating self-confidence level, and much more.  I discovered a video "the great porn experiment" on youtube. Which led me to /nofap.  I read the posts there, and saw that it was severely increasing people's will-power, concentration, and self-confidence among many other things.  And after 1month of not masturbating I shit you not, my ADHD symptoms are basically non-existent. Better results then when I was on aderall.  Do yourself a MASSIVE favour and head over to /nofap. IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE if you're like me   dit: downvote away, but if you won't at least give it a chance then I feel sorry for you
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Focalin XR works wonders for me, now my doctor is taking me off of it. :(;;;Totally bummed.  I was diagnosed late in life while in college.  No medicines seemed to work.  They all gave me major headaches.  Enter Focalin XR.  I was able to concentrate so much better, I was less anxious because I could focus.  It took a 3 month battle for my insurance to OK the XR version, but it was totally worth it.  Now my doctor is taking me off of it.  I was having cardiac symptoms and the cardiologist does not think it's a good idea.  FML
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD and Tics/ Tourettes;;;I've been diagnosed for around 3 months now. My treatment has been positive but has had some let downs. The first problem I have is that Vyvase doesn't last long for me.  I am on Vyvanse 70mg (was on 50mg for 1 month but I complained about it not lasting very long).        The major issue i have is that I have started having really bad tics. I've had some tics all my life (I blink a lot and often it's extremely uncontrollable.) I've been having wrist tics (I get the uncontrollable urge to pop my wrist or flick my pinky) for around 7 years. The wrist tics come and go and sometimes stops for months/years at a time.       The tics have been pretty steady the past 4 weeks and I started looking into it and appearantly ADHD and Tourettes are often co-morbid conditions. I mentioned the tics to my Dr. and I mentioned Intuniv that can be taken with a stimulant to treat adhd and reduce tics. I've been on intuniv for 4 days and I've had mixed results. For the first 3 days my tics seemed to ease up. Today my tics were on overdrive.  I'm due back for 2wk checkup (to see how my 2wk intuniv trial is going) in like 8 days and im not sure what to do. I am thinking about asking for Strattera.  Does anyone else have add and tics or tourettes and how do you deal with it and what treatment do you get?  TL:DR- ADHD +tourretes/tics. I have issues with it, do you and if so what do you do about it?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Libido going crazy since restarting adderall;;;So I used to take adderall for adhd, I stopped taking it for a few years, and got put back on adderall a little while ago.  Everything's been great and it's done a lot to help me with adhd, but it's caused my libido to skyrocket.  Before I'd masturbate 2-3 times a week now I probably average about five times that.  It's like adderall took the little distractions away but turned my libido into one enormous distraction.  I'm having to go to school to do all my work and studying because that's the only way i can actually get it done without opening up a new window, bringing up a bunch of porn sites, then spending the rest of the day treating my body like an amusement park.  It has driven me to spend time browsing hookup sites even though I've never done anything like that before and don't really want to get into something like that.  The magnitude of this problem became clear when I was looking at an ad on craigslist from a gay guy who wanted to give oral to a straight guy and I was thinking "hmmm... I could be getting my dick sucked within an hour..."  Thinking back to when I was taking adderall before, I probably had this issue then too but just didn't piece it together because I had been taking it for so long that it just seemed normal.  I don't really know what I want to hear from /r/adhd about it, but I feel like I can't talk to anyone else about it.  Has anyone else had this problem and found ways to deal with it?  I don't want to tell my doctor because I don't want him to consider taking me off of it.  It's been working great and this has been the only side effect that's been difficult.  I don't have a gf or fuckbuddy or whatever other arrangement might provide me with a third party to help take care of this problem and I'm also well past hormonal-teenager status so that's not it.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Opinions on what I believe is a false negative result;;;It's actually a very very long story about why I decided to get tested and what I think was wrong with the people who administered the test and all the details in between, so I will save that for if someone specifically asks a question. So here is a very brief summary of my situation:  TL;DT I experimented with Adderall and found it to seemingly work miracles for me, specifically getting me an A in a troublesome class when I would've more than likely gotten a C. Decided to get officially tested. Despite results saying I was a near perfect fit for all the criteria of ADHD, my score was too high on the cognitive portion of the evaluation so they said there was no way I could have ADHD. Was instead diagnosed with anxiety and given an SSRI.  Is this common? I just don't understand why they refuse to say I have ADHD when I believe all the evidence points in that direction.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Dependency on medication = weakness?;;;Short background: I'm female, 17, and I have been previously medicated for two hours on Vyvanse, but I have been taken off due to high blood pressure. This was a while ago, I have been unmedicated for three months now.  To get to the point, I feel like I won't live up to my full potential now, and I feel so pathetic... I would like to return to medication in college, It's almost a paradox, to be dependent on medication, to have the full potential, and yet it's a weakness according to my boyfriend.. He is diagnosed with ADHD as well, but he feels that meds are never necessary, but then again he's never been medicated.   I don't even know the point of this post anymore. I'm upset and crying and I need consolation... Am I really considered weak because I would depend on medication (later)? It's a horrid paradox.... I don't know, I don't know..  **TL; DR: Upset, overwhelmed by paradox of meds equating to weakness of character or allowing full potential in life**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;[Win Wednesday]! Kick back, relax, and open up your braghole! We want to hear how you have succeeded this week! How many people have experienced wins since last Wednesday? Everyone, that's who. So share them!;;;##### WIN WEDNESDAY!!!  *Just wanted to remind people to upvote this post. Recently, our weekly threads get pushed off the page pretty quick. More upvotes = more wins = more people getting inspired (it is a cycle).*  #####Science behind Win Wednesday (new)  * Scientists think our brain has a built in negativity bias by reacting more to a negative stimulus. In effect, our brain is like velcro for negative experiences and teflon for positive ones.   * Painful experiences are usually more memorable than positive ones and lasting, good relationships typically need at least a 5:1 ratio of positive to negative interactions.  * By **tilting toward the good** you are leveling the playing field.    * **Instead of positive experiences washing through you like water through a sieve, they’ll collect in the implicit memory deep down in your brain.**  * **Soak in the positive events in your life**   * By pausing and holding that positive feeling for a BIT longer, you are slowly changing the wiring of your brain.   *I have much more information on the neuroscience of recognizing the good, let me know if you want more info.*  ***  Win Wednesday is a chance to focus on our accomplishments for the week. Doing this enough WILL change your brain for the better!  ###***The Sacred Creed of Win Wednesday:***  * **Each and every one of us have victories every week, be they great or small. But in Win Wednesday, *no* victory is truly a small one.**  * **Whatever "level" you happen to be at, progress is *always* a cause for celebration!**   * **Please don’t discount anything you have done. The whole point is to share how YOU won, and did not let your ADHD win!** Check out the examples to see what we mean!**  *** * The point of Win Wednesday is equally **to share our wins AND celebrate the wins of others!** If you do or don’t have a win, feel free to give positive support and cheer to those posting (not just upvoting)!  * **Each week Win Wednesday gets hundreds of views, but only 5 people replying to the winning comments...let’s change things this week!** Just saying “good job” means a lot to someone who has been struggling!  ***  ##### PHENOMENAL EXAMPLES FROM PAST WEEKS: (updated 5/28) **FRESH**  * I graduated college!  Fuck yeah! * I paid off my credit card. * FINALLY hung my custom mirror that's been gathering dust in the hallway for about a month. * Finished some more group projects ahead of schedule so I'm not the one everyone is waiting on. * Today I realized I was the common denominator in many bad relationships that are most important to me. I told my loved ones this and started a new chapter today. Feels good. * So far, I've managed to make $90 doing different repair work. This is a pretty big deal for me, my ADHD is bad enough that I'm on disability * I had my highest GPA ever with my most difficult courses ever * Got my blood work done, got stuff needed for other medical testing, and I set up an appointment with a woman's counselor to add to the therapy I am already doing * I'm late but I finally stopped talking about auditioning for a play at my local theater and did it!  * I got engaged. :) * I think I have finally identified a definable improvement of my meds. * Many many more!  ##### We love you, /r/adhd! BE PROUD and celebrate with each other! -- *your community managers.*  #####
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;A brief excerpt from an email conversation with a girlfriend last night. I thought y'all would appreciate it.;;;In talking to her about pursuing an opportunity to work with a highly regarded pastry chef, in 3 parts:  Me: - you found this and you are the one with the baking skills, notable too, you follow baking directions, unlike some I know.  ;  )  Her: Your implication is that baking directions are somehow the only directions you don't follow....HAHAHAHA! Silly rabbit!  Me: You chastise me unfairly me thinks. Directions are for those of a precise nature, or as you like to be, involved in culinary pursuits, as in baking; making scrumptious things that please the palate and sate the appetite.   There are those of us that are not inclined to follow direction, either because we are confident in our abilities to take a pot shot, have a distrusting relationship with authority, or, more often than not, are willing to step outside the box and challenge convention (or simply piss someone off).    Considering these traits, precise baking instructions, DMV tests and any directions written in more than one language are to be avoided. If directions are "followed" (simply skimmed - at best) it is done in order to offer some sort of solace to wives or girlfriends, the infirm, nosey onlookers, ignorant bystanders, and the wandering elderly.   These qualities are, more often than not, deeply instilled at a young age, and are standard operating procedures, put in place by our hero - MacGyver.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;COOKING, how can I get back into it?;;;Those afflicted with ADHD and manage to cook for themselves every day...I need help!! I lost all my motivation to cook!! I don't want to go to the supermarket, I don't know what to buy, and I don't want to make food. I just don't want to do it. But...I want to ...I want to save the money, I think it tastes better, and I like cooking...I just can't motivate myself to make a list, go to the store, make a plan of what to eat, and execute and make food. Please help me - how can I get back into it? i used to cook for myself and my boyfriend most nights but I dont know what happened...I need some serious help...
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD is putting my relationship in jeopardy. I'm starting to feel worthless and hopeless.;;;I'm 28 and was diagnosed by a phsycologist in March. I've been on medication since March and my brain function is overwhelmingly improved, but the behavioral issues still plague me and they're starting to effect my relationship with my GF who I'm hoping to be engaged to by the end of the year. She's a very kind, patient, and proactive person. After an episode last night though. I can tell there are doubts and concerns about her future and dealing with me for the rest of her life. I work in customer service and my apologies feel hollow and and that phrase has lost it's meaning almost entirely. My main symptoms are impulsivity in speech and action and forgetfullness. I've tried all sorts of behavioral changes but nothing sticks. Help please. I'm starting to feel helpless and worthless.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Caffeine Sensitivity and ADHD/Meds?;;;I am super sensitive to caffeine, like too much chocolate or a strong hot cocoa will put me in racing hear rate and sweaty mess zone.  If i actually drink a coffee or something highly caffeinated i spiral into an anxiety attack which sometimes leads to a full blown panic attack.  anyone else have experience with this? it could be an anxiety issue and not an ADHD issue, but they both go hand in hand (at least for me) so i figured id ask
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;On vacation to the us should I visit a psychiatrist and ask him to change my meds?;;;I am leaving saturday for a 2 week vacation to miami. I was diagnosed last month with add by my psychiatrist and was prescribed ritalin. I feel that ritalin helps me mellow me out but my focus is not 100%. I am looking to try adderall, which is from what I have read what would help me the most, but it is not available in my country. Should I look for a psychiatrist, and will he/she be able to change meds? Please any tips would be great.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Is Vyvanse addicting in your opinion? (elaboration inside..) To clarify, I am seeking the opinions and experience of other users and not medical advice. I am diagnosed, prescribed and have a dr's appointment next Tuesday the 2nd;;;I am worried about dependancy. I started off at 20mg which was okay, upped my dose to 40 and that seemed to work. Then, after a few weeks of that I felt it was wearing off earlier than it should so then we went to **60mg** (=2x20 in am + 1x20 in pm).   However, now I feel that 60 isn't working like it did and was going to talk to my dr about maybe ANOTHER increase. **QUESTION**: Is this normal?  * **Elaboration**: This drug has changed my life - I'm completing things I always knew I could but was so totally frustrated by my inability to focus. I have become a normal human being. However I worry about drug addiction and chemical dependancy - next week 80mg, then 100mgs...when is it the 'right' amount?  * I should add that I really trusted my other doctor but she had an unexpected early medical leave while we were in this process. This new guy does seem nice but I'm just wary of being **over-medicated**.  **Also** - because the drug is working miracles for me I am worried that if I bring up needing a higher dose he may perceive that as *drug-seeking* behaviour and cut me off entirely. * **possibly irrelevant-feel free to skip**: First doc and I took a while to get here, first by trying to treat my OCD, anti-anxiety meds, Zoloft.. In other words Vyvanse was the last thing on a long list - and it worked!   **TL;DR** I am gradually needing more and more **Vyvanse**, does this imply **tolerance**? Does that imply **dependancy** and hence **addiction**? Do doctor's perceive it this way? Or will they happily write out prescriptions without really thinking about the long-term effect on a patient's life?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Suspect ADHD but can't afford diagnosis;;;I'm 28 and I'm a semi-successful video-game artist. All my life I've written myself of as lazy and have been experimenting on how to maximize my discipline and process. Despite my shortcoming of being lazy, I've managed to work hard every day and grow as an artist (thanks for the routine of professional work). I've always been a jack of all traits, because the video-game art field is so huge I've been able to jump between different areas. Since I've been quite successful and happy doing this, I suspect it has masked an underlying illness -- ADHD.  I have all the signs but feel deeply ashamed that I somehow can write off my laziness as ADHD when I'm both successful and good at what I do and I see people struggle a hell of a lot more in life than I do.  But lately I've been going through my own version of HELL. I quit my job and I'm in the process of starting up my own business, since I'm a jack of all traits I'm _perfect_ for a small game studio startup.   The feeling I get when I start a task is nails of black board. Every time it feels like I'm holding my breath and the _only_ relief is to procrastinate with some Reddit or video-game. The novelty of working on my own game has worn off and it's extremely hard for me to focus on _anything_. I've tried just about every other process I've equipped myself with... To no avail.  What freightens me the most: I should _LOVE_ this. I _LOVE_ working on games so fucking much, it's been my sole passion all my life!  A long story short(ish): I went to a cognitive psychologist who referred me to a ADHD specialist. As I'm in the middle of starting up my own company without health care I can't afford doing the tests to diagnose ADHD (2000$, really?).  I meditate, I break down tasks, I've practiced positive psychology (since high school), I exercise regularly, I sleep well, eat my vitamins, have a healthy diet (no sugar, plenty veggies, plenty fat)...   Please help, I feel like I'm suffocating. I need to find a way to work because other people depend on me. What can I do? Does this even sound like ADHD?   **TLDR; I'm an artist and suspect I have ADHD, can't afford to get the test to diagnose me. Need to start focusing. **
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Who cares if others "understand" or "believe" in adhd?;;;The important thing is that I(the person diagnosed with adhd)understand it. the only person i can control or educate is me.  i find no one really cares to learn about my adhd, or to discuss my adhd, but they do care if i am not actively treating it. It suits me fine if they never learn a thing about it. Im content and supported by talking with others who have it and just educating myself.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I was diagnosed years ago and I'm just now beginning to see the appeal of medication.;;;A few years ago I was diagnosed with ADHD, predominantly the inattentive type, but for the most part I ignored the diagnosis since by and large I didn't really feel like it was causing me any undue stress. However, something lately has really altered my ability to tolerate disorder and now my car, room, desk, etc are completely clean. Just like that. I've begun to feel like my brain is my main source of power and that I should strengthen it as much as possible.   Anyway, it seems like whenever I try to sit down and do something that I supposedly care about, like drawing or reading, I somehow lose my grip on it and pick up something else to do. I’ll find myself bouncing from topic to topic until it eventually bores me. I feel compelled to know everything and be everywhere whilst simultaneously considering the fact that oblivion is my ultimate reward. Regardless of what I accomplish oblivion will show up at the end of my life and remove my memories of it. The concept is utterly horrifying to me.   I feel like if I could live forever I would finally be able to focus on all the things I care about and I’d be able to piece together a perfect understanding of the universe. Unfortunately, I don’t have the luxury of living forever so I just bounce uselessly from topic to topic. What I’d like to do is take some kind of drug that will allow me to focus on the the things I care about for a few hours and then wear off. I don’t want to be under the effects of an ADHD drug all day every day, I want to use drugs in a utilitarian fashion.   The last drug I tried was Strattera and the experience was horrible. I felt so... small. I’m used to swimming in an ocean of thoughts and ideas and when I was on Strattera I felt trapped and stifled. It reminded me of Sylvia Plath’s “The Bell Jar”, it’s no wonder she put her head in an oven, I certainly wanted to. I can’t say I’m shocked that drug has a suicidal thoughts warning. Just thinking about how it felt makes jumping off a bridge sound like a great idea.   Another thing I’ve been considering is lucid dreaming. I’ve gotten myself to lucid dream here and there but never on a consistent basis. Improving my ability to do it more consistently would make me feel far more powerful.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Diagnosed Wednesday, took Ritalin and my life is changed.;;;My appointment was  originally July 15. Luckily i didn't miss the call from my psychiatrist's office this time letting me know there was a cancellation.   It was 9AM and the available appointment was at 10. I ran to my supervisors office and asked and told her it was to treat my ADHD. She told me to run like the wind. I've had a very understanding boss.   It was my first visit to a psychiatrist. He didn't hook me up to machines, inundate me with examinations, or delve into the history of my inner hatred toward Justin Bieber.   Long story short he said I had severe ADHD. My acting career hid the symptoms as a child and I've just been coping at increasingly ineffective levels ever since.   He put me on a very aggressive titration. Ritalin 10 twice a day for 5 days, then 20mg twice a day for 5 days, and finally 30mg twice a day for 10 days with a follow up appointment.   My first dose was like waiting for Christmas. I had done it. I finally got help and this was what I had been waiting for. I became slightly light headed and extremely thirsty at work. I decided I should just go about my day and see what happens instead of waiting around and inducing a placebo effect.   So i got to work. Aside from the light headedness I was wondering if it was even working. Then I realized I had just completed a task I had been putting of for a month. People came in my office to talk. I chatted, went back to work. By the end of the day I had completed 5 tasks in 2 hours. A record for me.   I read a chapter in my book for school. Held an online conversation simultaneously. Took a quiz over the chapter and made a 95. Insane.   The next day I destroyed my to do list. Furthermore my phone had 75% battery at the end of the day. I hadn't looked at reddit once or anything else for that matter.   In my personal life I listen better. I think before I speak and I stopped eating as much junk food. I drink half as many coke zeros as I did, and have lost 4 pounds. I was also able to write this long ass post without stopping.   I read that it affects your appetite. This has not been the case. I just don't eat candy as a snack anymore.   Anyway just wanted to share my experience. If anyone read this and hasn't been diagnosed, please get out there and do it. Every task completed is a victory when you have adhd.   Tl;Dr Get diagnosed, get help (whatever works best for you)  and have the sweetest victory of your life.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Is medication the only treatment of ADHD?;;;So I started reading up on medical journals and professional discussion s on ADHD. I think the general consensus among professional neurologists are the fact that there are no currently observed physical abnormalities and therefore ADHD cannot be an illness that should be treated with medications. 'They' blame theEnglish class room for the disorder, not any physiology abnormality.   This is kind of provoking to me.   I haven't been diagnosed yet and have not taken any medications for my self-diagnosed severe ADHD.   Are there alternative treatments to ADHD?   Are there cognitive behavior exercises I can do to see if it has any sort of impact on my attention?   Looking back in life I noticed patterns and waves of less ADHD and more ADHD -- Has anyone else observed this? What causes this in that case?   Also another observation about myself, my inability to get stuff done stems partly from wanting to get done as soon as possible, having the sense that time is always running out, that I have to go, now... NOW! Is there a way to slow down time, to not care about when it's done?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD-PI and life;;;Hello everyone!  I was just wondering if anyone else could relate to what I go through on a daily basis with ADHD-PI (or the two other versions of ADHD).  I don't struggle with recognizing emotions, I struggle with matching them. I can always tell when someone is sad, happy, or angry. I'd even go as far to say that I'm fairly decent at predicting what's going to happen based on the mannerisms that a person is exhibiting. However, my problem lies with being emotional when anyone comes to me with a problem or accomplishment. I can feign emotions quite well, but it's quite rare when I actually do feel something. Also, the few times that it's happened, I don't know how to deal with them and whatever I'm feeling is painted all over my face  and I can't hide it at all.   Also, before taking medication, I struggled with everything that didn't have a goal that I could see outright. For example, I played soccer in high school because I could see the ball and see the goal, but I couldn't even fathom why people did cross country because those runners were competing against a clock and had to run miles before seeing the finish line. I bring this up because I think it's a perfect analogy for how I performed academically. I knew the goal was to get into a good college, but I couldn't see it immediately so I didn't really try. Just putting it out there, I scored in the 95th percentile for the ACT and the SAT, yet I graduated highschool with a cum. GPA of 2.5.  I've also always struggled with dating. It's hard to convince myself to actually go after someone because of issues with self esteem (although I'm in pretty decent shape). And then when I do, I lose interest, particularly when it's become fairly obvious that she likes me back..it's quite frustrating.   A little bit about me, I'm 22 years old, got diagnosed with ADHD-PI just a year ago, and I'm currently taking 36 mg Concerta once a day. I can honestly say the medicine is fantastic and has changed my life in terms of patience, grades, and paying attention in classes (rarely do I fall asleep during lectures). Also, if anyone is looking for a good app for exercising (running has always been super boring for me and I just never feel like doing it for extended periods), I'd like to recommend 'Zombies Run!' and 'Zombies: 5k'. It's got a storyline to it and has helped me stay motivated in running on a regular basis. Cheers! Thanks for reading/replying!  TL;DR I have ADHD-PI, was wondering if people struggle with motivation, emotion, dating and things like that. Also, would be interested in finding out any tips you use to focus, adjust, and deal with ADHD-PI without medication  edit: My family pediatrician suspected I had ADHD-PI when I was in 8th grade but my parents brushed it off because one of my teachers said I was just being lazy and it was my fault for my grades (interestingly enough, if you look at my GPA, you'd see me learning how to compensate over the years, 1.5 in middle school, 2.0 going into HS, 2.5 graduating HS, 3.0 in college). I thought that might be an interesting tidbit to add
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I hate myself and I hate the way I am. Will I be this way forever?;;;I am a disgusting person, I have no motivation to do anything and I feel like I will do nothing with my life. My room and the environment I live in is filthy, not because I'm lazy or a hoarder, but because I am blind to it. I just don't see what other people see, I'm completely oblivious. I hardly do anything during my day, not even the things I enjoy, simply because I cannot keep myself happy. Everyday is a constant struggle to keep myself happy or motivated however I can, but it just doesn't work. I've been trying my whole life to keep a schedule, to be stable in SOMETHING, ANYTHING, to have some sort of routine, something I can count on everyday, nothing has stuck. I live in my own head and I'm terrified there's something seriously wrong with me. I have no talents or skills, I've never stuck with anything long enough to master it.    Is there anything I can do? I've been diagnosed for years now, I've tried every medication, I've tried every possible exercise or program. I'm stuck this way but I want to be free more than anything.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Can my employer fire me if .. (ICD-10 question);;;So I just got diagnosed with F98.8 not F90.0 (ICD-10 codes), however the DX mentions ADD all over the place.  I am in the army, and if I tell them I have ADHD-PI, they will fire me. Desk job or not, you're out if you have it.  However, is F98.8 ADHD in their eyes? Does it matter to them (might differ from country to country)? I've read papers from doctors, saying F98.8 shouldn't be used cause it could "mean anything". Thoughts?   I don't want to get fired :(
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Received an Over-Prescription. Need Advice.;;;Not sure if over-prescription is a real word or not, but my pharmacologist accidentally gave me 30 days worth of 20 mg adderall IR tablets.  I normally only take 10 mg IR. Is swallowing half of a 20 mg tablet equal to a 10 mg tablet? If so, is there any reason I need to correct the mistake or can i just go with it?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;My opinion on ADHD (I want to hear your opinion too);;;"ADHD is characterized by significant difficulties either of inattention and/or hyperactivity and impulsiveness."  I feel as if inattention in certain respects is not a bad thing. I feel as if it is actually a good thing. Why? Because attention, when one has inattention, is given only to the basic, more important things. BUT with the way society is organized today, inattention is labeled as bad. The "basic, more important things" such as feeding oneself and maintaining a home for oneself is satisfied in a trivial way (grocery stores, apartment buildings) so individuals can pursue difficult educations and learnings in fields that satisfy our industrial-technological system we live in. These educations and learnings are simply unnatural, and this is why we need prescription drugs and doctors telling us that we have problems that were never seen years and years ago. People with inattention are living for themselves and the local community, and this is not acceptable in a world where engineering, math, and science must take incessant leaps forward.  Well, now let's check out hyperactivity. This is another thing that is not bad whatsoever. Just because the modern day calls for a sedentary being, propped in front of a book or computer screen, does not mean that having loads of energy is a bad thing. This is another case of what is convenient for the society we live in today. Society calls for a person who can spend long hours not exerting themselves physically, perhaps sitting in front of a computer programming, or stationed in a lab running tests on who knows what, and furthermore, if you look back in history, it is undeniable that man was active - way more active than today. Maybe high levels of energy is a trait from the past that we are "struggling" with today. I'm not exactly sure how I feel about impulsiveness, maybe I'll formulate an opinion and post it in the comments.  I have been taking Adderall consistently for quite a while, and I have tried all of the other ADHD medicines out there. I feel as if I take Adderall to function as the ideal, "good" member of society. I feel as if I take it to drive myself to do the things I don't really have any interest in doing if I wasn't on the pill because I know I can get by with a mediocre life living off of the government, so why bother exerting myself. Path of least resistance, right? I feel as if Adderall changes my state to make me more willing to stoop to a demoralizing level and work hard for a paycheck - to take the path of not-least resistance. Actually, I'm pretty certain of this. I can definitely say that Adderall makes me an obedient member of society, when I don't truly even want to be one, but I'm tricking myself into it when I take the pill. I think this is why an overwhelming, incredible amount of people take these drugs... just to serve the societal system we live in today... the industrial society that has been erected by the wealthy. We are drugged up slaves, made comfortable by the drugs! And finally, I feel as if when I take Adderall, I'm doing something that is good for the society we live in today, the society we are all supposed to be a part of and do good for, and I am not necessarily doing something good for myself when I take Adderall.  This is just how I feel. Thank you for reading. I would like to see what you all have to say about this.  TL;DR - We are slaves to the system. We are told we have problems, when we in fact do not have problems... and then we are drugged up to serve the industrial society we live in. [See here](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/1fiq7a/an_extreme_circumstance/) as an example of people with ADHD coping just fine. We are a part of the greatest lie that we have issues. These issues only exist because of the societal stresses imposed on us. In 2008, 4/10 Americans were on prescription drugs, 5 years later today, 7/10 Americans are. The saddest thing is I'm right there with those 7/10 Americans (using small numbers makes it seem not-so-bad...) so I should instead say that I'm right there with those +200,000,000 Americans... do I like it? ABSOLUTELY NOT!!! But do I feel obligated to take the drugs? Sadly, yes. I guess we're all just going to be pill popping robots until we retire.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD? What's that? Misnamed Disease [Explained by Playlist~ Aware yourselves];;;ADHD: It's slightly amusing when some people give their opinions on the way ADHD works, when **the neurobiological understanding of ADHD contradicts these opinions, and confirms reality.**          But doesn't just take my word for it .. .. **AWARE YOURSELF ;)** : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQC-Nk5OOfE&amp;list=PLF9FC14BD19F9CE36  ​     **It's very important, especially for those with "Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder", to understand what ADHD even is**            Briefly: It's not even about hyperactivity. Are you Type A? Type B? Type C? They're more or less all the same thing. It's all about personal classification. There's really no difference in the disorder itself. All of us ADHD'rs are "hyperactive", which is.........          ...termed to mean... **"We have problems shifting our attention &amp; We have problems making decisions; We can make decisions, but we don't have a good foresight of the result of our actions."**         ADHD... is why        *   We do "hyperactive" things to stimulate ourselves. Our brains need it to function. It's more important for our brains to stimulate ourselves and increase our dopamine levels.  *  We're at our desk, but we can't get these thoughts out of our mind. We can't shift our attention.  *  Bad choices? Well our brain doesn't activate normally, so our foresight of the future result of our actions is very diminished. Think about the last time you interrupted someone.  *  Conversation issues? We can't shift our attention.  *  Lying may be picked up as a defense mechanism early in childhood.  *  ... your symptoms ...         **I strongly suggest forming your opinions based on the scientific standard currently present of ADHD.** A good place to start if you are unaware is that video playlist I linked. Very very informative. It's the base where I formed most of my knowledge from. -
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What's your stance on the new "presentations of ADHD" :o ???[DSM 5];;;Hey guys, I'm just wondering what's your take on this change. Do you agree? Do you disagree? Do you think the terminology change is significant? Anything else?  ~  ~  In [DSM]-IV, there were 3 ADHD subtypes: I'm sure everyone here knows them well. PH, PI, and combined.  ~  ~  In [DSM-5](http://www.psychiatry.org/practice/dsm) {May 2013}: *ADHD* is a single disorder. *Subtypes* do not apply to ADHD. Subtypes have been replaced by *presentations that specify current symptoms* dictated by the prevalent symptoms of the last 6 months. " Because symptoms can change over time, *presentations* may change over time as well "(DSM 5).  ~  ~  **My opinion:** I think the terminology is well worded. I think it makes ADHD more legitimate to Non-ADHD'rs. According to DSM-IV, I was "ADHD PI". According to DSM-IV, I am "ADHD". Based on my last 6 months my ADHD would be considered as having a "Predominantly Inattentive Presentation". However, the presentation is subject to change over my life. I was definitely a "Combined Presentation" when I was 8 lol :p.   _  Reference:  *  [DSM 5 ADHD Section](http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/adhd/diagnosis.html) : American Psychiatric Association: Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision. Washington, DC, American Psychiatric Association, 2000.  *  APA{publishes DSM}[ Highlights](http://www.psych.uic.edu/docassist/changes-from-dsm-iv-tr--to-dsm-51.pdf)  ~  [From the DSM-5 Supplement](http://psych.colorado.edu/~willcutt/dsm5_supplement.pdf) a comprehensive literature review and meta-analysis of 546 studies was completed to evaluate the validity of the DSM–IV model of ADHD*  *  In contrast, the DSM–IV subtype model is compromised by **(1)weak evidence for the validity of ADHD-H after first grade**, **(2)minimal support for the distinction between ADHD-I and ADHD-C** in studies of etiological influences, academic and cognitive functioning, and treatment response, **(3)and the marked longitudinal instability of all three subtypes**. Overall, we conclude that the DSM–IV ADHD subtypes provide a convenient clinical shorthand to describe the functional and behavioral correlates of current levels of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity symptoms , but do not identify discrete subgroups with sufficient long-term stability to justify the classification of distinct forms of the disorder. **Empirical support is stronger for an alternative model that would replace the subtypes with dimensional modifiers** that reflect the number of inattention and hyperactivity−impulsivity symptoms at the time of assessment. : [Validity of DSM-IV attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptom dimensions and subtypes.](http://psycnet.apa.org/journals/abn/121/4/991)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Family frustration... really?;;;I'm an older F who was diagnosed a long time ago.  I recently underwent some testing.  It was apparent even during the testing that my working memory is really bad.  When I mention it to my mother her response is "oh... you remember more than you think you do."  I am so tired of family dismissing this even when neuro testing shows a deficit.  It makes me want to not even talk to them anymore ... it's like they just dismiss the ADHD crap that I have to live with.  Eff them.  edit - What makes it even worse is that my mom is a stay at home mom who has never had to work and she keeps trying to tell me what I need to do to make it better.  Gawd, the arrogance!  Just needed to vent.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Diagnosis things.;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD as a child. And have always been bouncy and well, distracted and other thing that I don't like listings out. Most people thought it was a kid thing, if fact my mom didn't even tell me I had been diagnosed until a couple months ago (she also told me at the time she didn't want me to use medication because I was a kid)  But I want to be sure, but I also don't. What if being like me is completely normal and I don't have ADHD. Or I need medication. Also the cost of going to a doctor is too high.  I guess I'm stressing myself with problems I'm making up.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I'm considering doing a podcast involving ADHD and depression, including personal stories, general advice, news, and providing support.;;;Hey guys. I've been diagnosed with severe ADHD and most likely clinical depression. I've always been interested in voice acting, and learned that doing podcasts is a good way to begin.  I was considering doing a podcast about ADHD and depression.  It would include my own experiences, ways I cope with it, any news regarding ADHD and depression, and also responding to listeners who need advice/support/wish to share anything.  I was curious if you guys would be interesting in this kind of thing and listen.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Need advice about parents, or at least just to vent about this;;;So my mom is kind of in denial about my ADHD. The only reason I was diagnosed at 16 last year is because my teacher pressured her to get me tested. I feel like my grades are slipping more and more each year, no matter how hard I try to focus.  So as soon as I was diagnosed, she told my doctor she didn't want to do drugs, so I saw a therapist regularly. That didn't work, so the doctor suggested we try non-stimulants. My mom really made it clear she preferred non-stimulants. The doc said that these may not work, especially because of my size (I'm heavy because of my height, not fat), so if we had trouble with side effects or it didn't work, we could try stimulants. My mom agreed to this.  One month later my sleep schedule has slightly improved, but during the day I feel no difference in concentration. It's actually worse because of the nausea. Now I'm doing terrible in Cross Country because I almost throw up every time I push myself, and all my teammates are making fun of me, assuming I'm just lazy.  We have a follow up with the doctor soon. They said to get tests done at our family doctor (which they require before prescribing stimulants) before the follow up so it was out of the way in case we decide to switch. I've told my mom about all these problems, but when I asked her when we where doing the tests, she said "now why would we need to do that?" in a passive aggressive tone.  I'm pissed off now. I know there are risks to medication, and they aren't a magic fix to anything, but at this point it seems like the only thing that'll help make me a normal student.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Can't help but have a nagging feeling that ADHD is just an excuse for my incompetence or laziness...;;;I don't know... I mean.. I never thought about it this way until a close friend of mine (who was diagnosed with ADHD at a much younger age than I was, yet still somehow doesn't completely believe in the disorder) suggested that it's just a label and an excuse for weakness...   He's dealt with his ADHD "better than me" (he never had meds, I was medicated for two years but I've stopped for certain reasons) and claims I haven't learned to cope with it as well as he does. His ADHD is not as.. prevalent? I guess? But ADHD affects everyone differently.   Just thinking about this, the fact it's possibly all a label and only an excuse almost wants to make me tear my hair out from frustration and anger... Is ADHD just an excuse? How can I say I have ADHD without using it as a crutch? Which I don't. I don't blame things on my ADHD, but the way I say "my ADHD" almost sounds like it's a reason for blame... This paradox is what frustrates me so much..   I'm just in a lot of emotional turmoil thinking about this... Please forgive me. I don't know what to make of this apparent paradox..  ***Edit: I know ADHD is a very real and debilitating disorder, it's just that the paradox bothers me  *Edit again: Thank you so much for your responses.. I love your community.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Doctor prescribed Prozac. Any experience with this?;;;Hi, just wondering if anyone has heard of this or has been through something similar.  Yesterday, my GP put me on Prozac as a way to help with my concentration issues. I have been diagnosed with ADHD but she feels that I may have anxiety issues that are causing/contributing to my problems.   Has anyone tried Prozac for adult ADHD? I'd also like to hear about experiences getting off the drug.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;My experience with ADHD as an adult;;;I'm 51. I've had ADHD all my life and I've never taken any medication for it. I self- medicate using caffeine for focus, and know what my dopamine triggers are (playing music, exercise). I don't eat sugar, don't drink alcohol, exercise every day and am generally healthy. I'm self-employed as a music teacher. My wife and I own a nice house in the burbs which will be paid off in 5 years. I have no debt.  I'm beginning to think maybe I have a very mild case of ADHD. I don't feel the need for medication. I'm a little scatterbrained at times and change my mind a lot, but I'm very organized. I have good systems for everything. I lose things, but only when I don't put them in their place, or when someone else moves them. I like to cook, to garden, to practice my violin - these are all things that people with ADHD have reported they cannot do.  Sure I've had a lot of jobs over the years, but I've also held onto jobs that I like - such as being a cheesemonger (8 years), music teacher (28 years), sales manager (13 years).  I've enjoyed the conversations I have had with members here. I've learned a lot about ADHD and feel more clear about my diagnosis and am working on strategies to prioritize and focus on what needs to be done for my health, the health and safety of my family, and I don't feel so out of control as I did only a short while ago.  So thank you to everyone who has helped me get this far! (you know who you are)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Can you mention some positive effects of having ADD?;;;People are always complaining about the negative effects of having ADD; difficulty paying attention, forgetfulness (fx missing appointments), difficulty finishing stuff, mood changes, difficulty sleeping, etc. etc.  But some people say that being diagnosed with ADD is a gift and not a disease. I've read that people with ADD are more creative, and lots of artists, musicians, etc. are diagnosed with ADD. People with ADD are also more spontaneous and willing to try things and take risks. They can think of different and new ways to do things and they can see details that other people might miss.  Can you mention some of your positive sides of having ADD? Come with examples!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;QUESTION about Vyvanse withdrawl;;;**POSTED** this a couple days ago but my title was rejected. Took my meds past few days, taking them tomorrow (long, busy day) but planning on stopping Thursday until school starts Sept 4 for a break  **INFO:**  **Me:** 33 year old male, mature student, single dad  * I am legitimately diagnosed as ADD by a psychiatrist * Started Vyvanse late May, first 20mg, then 40, then 60. It has been 60mg per day since the beginning of July. * I don't abuse it but have tried 60mg + a 20mg per physicians instructions; he had said everyone is different and sometimes you have to play with it to get the right dosage * I am in school but I'm not prescribed Vyvanse for only school, its getting out of the house, getting my daughter dressed, going to the store, life in general, I'm sure we can relate  **WHAT HAPPENED:** I was in summer classes and finished my finals Wednesday(Aug14). Thursday I got up and went out of town and forgot my meds. (Yes kind of dumb but I also wanted a break - Vyvanse is a stimulant and cleaning out my system once in a while is good).   * Anyway Thursday(15th) wasn't so bad but Friday I was absolutely useless! AND I binge-ate silly things, like cereal, totally out of character for me. * Saturday morning I got back home and took my pill so everything was back to normal * I googled withdrawals because being without Vyvanse made me feel even worse than before I started mentally and physically. I was told it wasn't physically addictive, but now I'm worried.  I'm seeing a physician tomorrow but just to refill. But in the meantime does anyone have any thoughts or experiences with Vyvanse and withdrawing? Do you ever go without for a period of time? if so what happens?  **TL;DR:** I think I experienced Vyvanse withdrawals the first 2 days I went without in 2.5 months and it makes me nervous. I'm planning on taking the next week off of it. I'm asking for experiences or thoughts from people who can relate and how you resolved it, or doctors' opinions if you are one  **Thank you!**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Therapist says "Everyone grows out of ADHD" that my last therapist was wrong, and that my focus prpblems are from depression.;;;When I was younger the school sent me to a state mandated psychiatrist who diagnosed me with ADHD she then put me on rittalon and times were good. Until that is, my teachers found oit. After that, whenever I did something they asked me if I had taken my pills for that day. So I told my psychoatrist that I didn't feel like I needed the drugs (and I hate using adhd as an excuse anyway) I then began to fail highschool eventually passing with D's.   Now that I'm in university I am crashing hard. so the university told me that if I don't get back on the meds I'm being dropped but my therapist tells me that hI "Grew out of it". He has also prescribed me medication for "my depression". He also said that adhd has no effect on memory when I said I was having minor memory issues (names, places, certain words) when I have heard that it can be effected.   So this is partially a rant, but mostly a search for thoughts srcond opinions similar experiences, and do people really usually grow out of it? I just don't know what to do now...  **EDIT:**I feel like I should add that I excell at physical classes such as manufactiong and fabrication (It's an engineering class) but am tanking the paper classes like calculois. My proffessor who I look up to told me that I am an "Excelent student I know all the material but I enjoy academic suicide"...  Sorry for grammer and spelling. I'm on mobile browser and my phone is having an all out brawl with reddits format.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How many adults here are NOT taking ADHD medication? What do you do to stay sane?;;;I was diagnosed in June.  I'm 51, never taken meds.  I'm interested in learning what other adults with ADHD do to keep it together!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I am a girl who is diagnosed with ADD and at the moment I feel hopeless, alone and scared of thinking about my future;;;I am a 19-year old girl who is diagnosed with ADD.... it is my curse and I dont know what to do or say any longer. I feel empty. Lose words every day. I feel like I become more and more stupid for every day and it is killing me. Sometimes it is hard for me to complete a sentence, and I escpecially can't tell long stories without falling over the words. I have so much in my head that I would like to say but I just can't explain it properly. I am SO bad to hold a conversation with people (strangers fx) because they mostly bore the shit out of me. I want to stay focus but I just keep thinking about something else. Like I would rather lay in my bed and watch a movie or play computer. I feel something is wrong with me because I really want to be social with other people!  If I read something I forget it a few minutes after. Even if it is a simple text or something that really interests me. I want to learn so many things, and I think that subjects in school such as philosophy is so interesting. I understand it but I find it hard to explain the concepts because it is too complex for me. I can only remember simple things as simple facts (trivia???), names (musicians, movies, books), faces, numbers, etc. (within those areas I have, hoewever, a almost photographic memory) Example: I NEVER forgets a face and I can always link names to their faces. I can remember the title of almost every movie/song/musician/book I see/read/hear. I remember numbers (phone numbers, card numbers, etc.) I also know a lot of usefull facts. When I was little I was the best at languages and spelling in my class. School was really fun and easy for me. I wanted to be a writer and I wrote countless of short stories which was really well written by someone at my age. I was also very creative and drew many comics. My teachers and parents was so sure of I would become something big but I really doubt it now. I am proobably only qualified to work in a factory for the rest of my life (no offense, but that is just a little bit sad because I've had so many dreams when I was a kid and it might have had come true if it wasn't for my fucking ADD - pardon my language but it really annoys me and makes me so depressed. Every single day.  All this results in excessive thoughts. That is why I can't sleep at night. It is always bad thoughts about myself. Why am I so stupid? Why can't I say what I really mean? Why can't I take care of myself? No guys wants me because im uninteresting. No one knows what is going on in my head and I can't explain them why I act as I do or why I lock myself in for days because I sometimes gets so depressed without knowing why. I think of suicide almost everyday and it only gets worse. The only thing that is holding me back is that it would hurt my family and friends. I have a good ammount of friends but NO ONE close to me. It is very superficial, and that is fine for me. I usually get up hurting people that is close to me. I am not very close to anyone in my family and I've never been, even though my mom really tries. I feel bad for her because I really dont have anything to talk with her or my father about and I do not really care about them. It really gives me bad conscience but thats just how I am. I think I have one friend I might consider as a little bit close to me, but that is only because she is diagnosed with ADD too and can relate to a lot of these things I also deal with (forgetting things, appointments, getting sad without knowing why, etc. etc.) But we are not that close that we can talk about feelings. Tried, but I always end up talking about something else. Had a boyfriend once, tried to explain him that I was diagnosed with ADD. He just laughed at me and said that it was only a bad excuse for being lazy. We were never that close to each other and thats why it didn't worked out. Though it was a very hard break-up for me, because I wanted him so badly to love me and he didn't. Not because it was him, but because I just wanted someone to love me. I've been so obsessed with trying to make him love me that I forgot to love myself. I want someone I can share all these feelings with and someone who would take it seriously.   I dont know what I should do with me future. I have no interests, no plans, nothing. Just finished school and right now I am stuck in my town with nothing to do. What should I do? Travel? Move out? I am scared that I wont be able to take care of myself. Sometimes I do not have the motivation to get out of bed, and do everyday things as eat, clean my room (it looks like Second World War in there), remember appointments, you know it. I am always tired (except for the nights) and I could lay down in my bed all day and just sleep. If I dont do something drastically right now I dont know what will happen to me.   I dont know what I should ask you guys about to do, just wanted to share this with someone who is in the same boat as me. Maybe some of you can relate to this? Do you sometimes get the feeling of hopelessness? What do you do then?  Sorry if this gets a bit long and messy, my English is not so well!  Btw I am not on any medication. None of the medication my doctor gave me seemed to have an effect on me, I didn't got more focused.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Am I building a tolerance to Adderall, also will switching up doses influence its effects?;;;I'm fairly new to meds so I'm not exactly sure how long it's supposed to take to find a working solution, but right now, I've worked my way up to 25 mg of adderall per day and it still isn't doing much. I was diagnosed with ADD back in March and since then, I've tried Strattera, which barely did anything, Ritalin which seriously affected my appetite, which made me lose 10 lbs in a month, and now Adderall, which doesn't have any side effects.  I switched to Adderall XR at the beginning summer to help with focus on my internship work and I started with 5 mg per day and worked up to 20 with minimal results. The doctor at my school prescribed me 25 mg per day. It worked great the first day or two, but after that, the effects haven't been very noticable. However, the thing is, I still have over a dozen 20 mg pills left, so I've been taking those on the weekends when I don't have as much work to focus on, and I'm starting to wonder if the change in dosage is affecting how the adderall is working. Also, I can't get a new dosage until I run through my current supply.  I'm a full time college student, and in addition to my normal schoolwork, I'm working 30 hours a week for my internship, so needless to say, focus is a critical factor in my success right now. I've been able to complete my work so far, but it takes me a long time to focus enough to actually complete it. For instance, it can take me 4 or 5 hours to achieve 2 hours of focus.  I looked it up and it says the average dosage is 20mg per day, so I was worried that I'm building a tolerance too fast. Also, in case it's relevant, I'm a 19 year old male and I weigh about 120 lbs. I'm also on 10mg of Buspar twice a day for anxiety.  **TL;DR: I'm on 25mg of Adderall XR per day, and I've been taking my left over 20mg pills on the weekends instead of the 25mg ones, does this affect how Adderall works?**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;vyvanse and anti depressants;;;does anyone have experience with taking vyvansr and ssris? i started vyvanse in april, everything was great until i hit a roadblock with depression and added zoloft in august. now i feel like i really dont have any focus or motivation, like the zoloft eclipses the vyvanse. anyone else experience something similar? thanks
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Wanting to drop out of school......is this *MY* ADHD (I don't need a diagnosis you f**n bot) or reality?;;;Right now I'm a CS major. I planned the next 2 years around taking classes for my major, except that I don't like programming on my free time. Now I always tell myself that I'm not going to be programmer and instead wanted to major in CS just so doors would open up for me in the tech industry in a non-coding positions.  Unfortunately the types of career I want (ux designer) is about experience instead of what degree I have, so that makes it even worse when I consider what I really want to do.  Due to already spending close to 1/2 of my financial aid for the semester, I don't want to drop out since I'll have to pay that back and I also have a sizeable school debt from when I went to state school last year which will start accrueing interest if I drop out.  I feel caged in going to college and it would ironically cost me more to leave than to keep going. I don't know what to do since my decision making is linked to my ADHD...  then again I'm not sure if I'm thinking this crazy because I'm also not on any medication (will change in the next couple of days). I exercise almost daily. The anxiety and not being able to speak with anybody about it is killing me......I tried talking to my long-time friend in the programming class we have but I feel his advice was based on his self-interest of not having anybody to talk to in the class if I did leave....help...
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I think that my little brother may have ADHD, but I don't know how to bring it up with our parents who are skeptical of psychiatry. Any advice or experience with this?;;;I am twenty years old and was recently diagnosed with ADHD. It was something that I had to pursue myself in adulthood because my parents are skeptical of that sort of thing.  My little brother is eight years old and is showing a lot of the same signs that I did at his age -- worse, even. I'm not saying that he definitely has it, but if I have it and his symptoms are worse than mine then I think it is at least worth looking into. It would make sense since ADHD is highly genetic.  I have three other little siblings and he is the only one who is having major problems in school. He literally hates homework (as he is often wont to remind us almost every day) and it is a chore to get him to stay on task with anything.  I've tried employing some of the same strategies that help me, and they do work, but I don't have the time or the energy to help him on a consistent basis. It would be a lot easier if I got help from the school and my parents. I mean, they do help, but not with the problems which I believe are related specifically to ADHD. He gets a lot of scolding and punishments, and while they are not always unjustified I am concerned that it may have long term effects on his self esteem.  If anyone else here has been in a similar situation, I would really appreciate your advice. I don't want to come off as an armchair psychologist. Even if it isn't ADHD, I think my little brother would benefit from some sort of counseling from a child psychologist and I want to be able to communicate that to my parents. They love him and are just as concerned as I am, but they just see him as stubborn. I'm sure many of you can relate!  I just don't want him to go through what I did; the earlier he can get help, the better.  tl;dr - How can I convince my skeptical parents to get my possibly ADHD brother to be evaluated by a psychologist?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Does anybody have advice for focusing in class?;;;I am not on medication at present, although I used to be  I need help paying attention in class.  I miss directions, instructions, notes... I'll think I'm paying attention and then BOOM class is over and I have no idea what we just learned.    I go into class everyday with an "I'm going to focus and listen" attitude, but it just slips away without me even noticing.  Can anybody help?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;**You can read every thread on /r/ADHD and KNOW what you need to do, but not know HOW to do it. KSS is the part where you take action and apply what you learned.**;;;####Plan just one thing for each day.  We are often paralyzed when we have a lot on our plate because we don’t know exactly how or where to start. Think about just one thing to do for each day.  *An example:* ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Monday  * Clean toilet  Tuesday  * Take out trash  Wednesday  * Brush the cat  Thursday  * Take bike to shop  Friday  * Dust the tv room  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  #####This is a karma-free self-post, so upvote for visibility please!  ----------------------------------------------------------------  **Alternatively:** [Hardcore (awesome) KSS format!](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/uit9x/plan_your_week_in_kickstart_sunday_and_you_will/)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Tips on how to get most out of stimulants?;;;So I'll make it short. For past 4 weeks since getting re-diagnosed I was taking Ritalin 10mg x3 a day, for past 4 days or so I moved to Concerta XL 36mg once a day. I'm still experiencing more anxieties than without stimulants and don't really feel like getting up in the morning. I do feel so much better on concerta than ritalin but- what are the good tips on beginner? Any specific exercising? Meal plans? How to learn the sleeping pattern? For past few days I've been going to sleep like 6AM and waking up at 4pm. I need to get my life together- that was the whole idea of getting on meds and being treated. I could probably blame that sleeping pattern on being heartbroken but still, I need to WAKE UP.   Please kind people, give me some sweet ideas :)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Nicotine as treatment?;;;I'm currently in the process of getting diagnosed and hopefully getting treatment. Until then I don't really have many options, I'm a college student struggling to get by. I have found nicotine or chewing tobacco to really help me in focusing. I used to be a dipper throughout highschool and my first year of college. Quitting a year and a half ago because I was tired of being addicted and wanted to keep my gums. However recently I picked up a can and let me tell you, it is a night and day difference after a year and a half of quitting. Made me realize I was self medicating the whole time. Is nicotine a viable option? Which is more dangerous nicotine ( in this case chewing tobacco) or ADHD meds? Are ADHD meds just as addictive?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How I changed my view on having ADD.;;;Small story short, I lived with my foster family in a small place. The school only had 7 students, four of them was the teachers kids. From I started first grade till fifth grade I got bullied a lot, the teachers didn't care all, until I got angry and beated the girl who started everything. Then it was just me being aggressive.  From fifth grade to tenth grade I got new teachers, my fostermom had me tested, and I almost got diagnosed with add, but I didn't score enough. So she even told them that It was hard for me to concentrate and I have some anger issues.   Oh well, It didn't help. They called me stupid for not concentrate and when I tried to stand up for myself, they just started yelling at me, when I tried to go outside and calm myself down, they just followed me. I usually got so frustrated and mad, that I lost all control. I started with me shouting back till I got to a point where I threw everything I could find at them, even hitting.  After all that aggression was gone, and I was calm I realized what I did, I just ran home.  The teachers called my mom, told her that I was expelled because I got angry because I didn't want to listen. They also told her that I was dangerous, I had a twisted view on reality and she should have me tested.   I tried to tell her what actually happened, but she didn't believe me. Even my classmates tried to tell her what they saw, and she didn't believe them either.   After a while she had me tested, the only thing I got close to was autism, but I still didn't score.   It was me and a girl with adhd who always got in fight with the teachers, got expelled alot and when everyone in class went to the principle and told him what happened, it was just us who disliked him.  We even called a principle in a school nearby, and explained what happened, and what we could do, he told us that he'll take care of it.  He called our school, and the principle made him think that I was the one making other people hate him.   When me and my friend with adhd got in eight grade we just gave up. Everybody believed that we was dangerous and tried to make the other kids believe in our ''lies''.  We almost stopped going to school, it wasn't worth getting in so much trouble because of the teachers and nobody believed in us anyway.   Oh well.. When I started high school and moved away, It was something complete different! My mom told my teacher that I lied a lot, was lazy at school and was dangerous.   First thing that happened was my new teacher wanted to ask me how I felt. I told her everything that happened, the teachers, all the lies, I'm not dangerous and the only thing is that I have a hard time concentrate and I get angry if I feel like I'm being treated like shit.  I told her that nobody believed me, and the only thing which is a issue is that I can't concentrate and I only get angry if I cant be alone to calm myself down.   She smiled and said that I was not stupid, and the only thing she couldn't believe was that we was seven student which saw the same, and two teachers who didn't want to get in trouble, and still nobody believed in us.   She helped me a lot that year, she was the one who listened to me instead of my mom. It made everything so much easier. She even improved my grades just by teaching me other ways to do it!  She helped me getting a psychiatrist who just listened to me.  I got so good grades, I got new friends and a teacher who sorted out my life. She even called my mom and told her that I was a good student, and I was far from dangerous.   In may I got a lot of flashbacks, my sister got concerned because that happened to her too, because our childhoods. It was a fucked up time with the child services, lawyers, I was stressed all the time and I did bad at school.  My head was a mess, and all I wanted to do was escape from everything. I was drinking the night before a meeting with child services. That ended with a suicide attempt.   I was sent to an mental institution, I told them about everything and how I felt. I got diagnosed with add, ptsd and anexity.  My fostermom was with me on a meeting where I and a psychiatrist explained her about my add, symptomes, my childhood and what I felt she could start doing.   It took us both a few weeks trying to understand but afterwards it all made sense! She even called the teacher and made him tell the truth.  Now she finally understand that I never lied, I was never dangerous and the only way I have been aggressive was when I had a really good reason. It's like get to know a new side of her, without any fights. She respects me for who I am and I can even speak to her and she listen.   When I realized that, I didn't belive in it. I didn't want to believe in it either. But afterwards I just had to accept who I am and had always been.  Six months ago I was drinking away my problems, now I got an apartment with my boyfriend, just started school again and I even got a dog!  I have to say that after years being called stupid and people making me feel bad about having a lack of concentration I actually feel proud of having add, because that's just the way I am!   If I didn't have add, I would not feel proud of getting something done and get positive feedback. I would probably never been able to tell people about how they treat me. Yes, my head is a mess, but that doesn't mean I cant do anything a normal person can do.  And the part which made me think this way is that my mom started using drugs because she felt like it was a way to live. She got addicted, and needed stronger and stronger. All her four kids got taken away from her, when I was born, she got skitzofrenia and eight years later she died because the doctors gave her the wrong medication. All this because she wasn't strong enough dealing with her problems instead of taking drugs.  But I know I have been through a lot, and It makes me feel so much stronger. If I didn't have my add or any other problems and everything was perfect, then what am I supposed to do when something bad happens?  And It seems like a lot of people here is just focusing about the bad part of having add/adhd. I know many of you are strong dealing with something people doesn't understand or even thinks that it doesn't even exist! But honestly, how would you deal with losing that proud feeling when you finish a assignment and get a good grade? Or that good feeling when you sit a whole day crying because you think you cant do it, and two days later you're done? Or even losing all those good memories which came from you doing something risky? And how are you supposed to solve a problem, without your creative mind?   I hope more people will actually start realize it's not just negative having it, and start accepting that you have it!   I'm proud of having add, what about you?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I don't think I deserve my 4.0 GPA;;;**(Typical lengthy ADD rant)**  As a child I was in gifted programs,  With age it slowly deteriorated into a graduating high school GPA of 1.8 and the incapability of reading books that I used to love.  Not all of it was ADD but when you don't know you have it, there's a real lack of motivation and a lot of self worth flushed down the drain.  I was diagnosed right before I graduated, I'm in college now.  There is motivation and medication now, but I feel like I'm cheating myself.   I can hyper focus, something I've had before medication, 2 hours before an exam and ace it.  It's still hard to concentrate, a little bit easier to read, but incredibly difficult to retain information.  Memory retention has always been like this, I forget absolutely everything even when I don't cram.  I have a 4.0 but I don't remember any of the material, I can't have an educated discussion/debate with anything because I simply don't know it even though a number shows I should.   I wish education was more comprehensive, a test on all aspects of what I know and can contribute to rather than based on what you have to know to pass an exam.  Standardized tests and meeting education requirements, they don't mean anything.  This 4.0 doesn't mean anything. It comes with ease. It comes with ADD hyper focusing, something I was able to do before medication.   I rely on what I can, and not what I can't.   This number used to mean the world to me, I wanted to show people I'm capable and smart enough to soar above a 1.8  I can't say I deserve my current GPA, nor can I say I'm proud of it.  Thank you for letting me rant.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD Reddit community: Anyone here find the word "disorder" offensive?;;;ADHD is very commonly referred to as a "mental health" problem. And as you all know, the very term has the word "disorder" in it. As much as ADHD has negatively impacted my life. I think a large part of the negative experiences I've had are due to living in a world set up by people without ADHD. Just because we don't fit in all the time, surely this doesn't mean ADHD is a "disorder" ?  Are you offended by this term? Does anyone here see ADHD differently?   I find most psychological / "mental health" problems have a degree of bias in them. "Oh you don't fit in with society so there must be something wrong with you" sort of thing.   I don't see ADHD as a gift necessarily, but I'm not entirely convinced with the whole "disorder" thing either.   What are your thoughts?  **EDIT**: The general verdict seems to be 'no' - thanks for the feedback guys.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;(Long post!) I need input about the pros and cons of treating my son's ADHD... He's supposed to start his pills tomorrow, but I'm scared. I'm just gonna ramble, and any advice or experience is welcome!;;;**TL;DR: Eight year old son was recently diagnosed with ADHD, I’m scared to medicate him, because I don’t want to change who he is. Whadda I do?**  ____________________________________________________  So, my son Travis has always been my little “space cadet” –that’s been his nickname since he was about two years old.   He’s eight now, and after struggling with second grade (and now BOMBING third grade), he’s been diagnosed with ADHD. He’s always been unable to focus: he has a hard time even looking into someone’s eyes when they’re trying to talk to him. In class, his teachers have expressed concerns that he almost NEVER knows what’s going on. He can’t seem to internalize things he doesn’t want to: like math formulas, for instance. He’ll come home with an easy math worksheet, I’ll show him how to solve it, and twenty seconds later, he has no clue where to start. He also gets very frustrated and is quick to get snippy and angry, especially if there is a lot of input around him. He is NOT hyperactive. His doctor pointed out that he was fidgety during his evaluation, but I’m sorry, he’s EIGHT. I would think something was wrong if an eight year old DIDN'T wiggle a little during an hour long appointment. He never gets up and walks around class, never acts crazy—he’s really mellow, just always in daydream land, unless he’s hyperfocusing on his interests (right now he’s home sick on the couch watching his billionth Skylanders SwapForce video).  I grew up with parents who didn’t believe in medicating kids, and I have always preached VEHEMENTLY against medicating my son for any reasons like ADHD (because to be honest, I thought it was mostly bullshit—I figured it was lazy teachers and parents wanting to dope their spirited children into submisison). I obviously didn’t know anything about ADHD, and I’ve come a long way in the last few weeks. I’m eating crow now.   So, he got diagnosed, and the doctor wrote him a prescription for 18mg Concerta, and told us to try it for 4-5 days, and then double it if we thought we needed to. I guess the point of all this rambling is just that I need a little reassurance that medicating him is the right thing to do.   At this point, it feels right, because he CANNOT focus on anything even mildly unpleasant. If it’s Minecraft/Star Wars/Pokemon, he can tell you every single thing about it like an encyclopedia. If it’s math, or reading, or how to tie shoes, or putting on clothes in the morning….. He just CAN’T do it. And I always chalked it up to the fact that he was my only child for several years, and maybe I babied him too much, or maybe he was just lazy.   But everything the doctor says about ADHD is just…. SO like my son.  She said the PET scans of ADHD brains are generally 1-3 years younger looking than their non-ADHD counterparts. She asked if I ever feel like I’m babying him, and I said ALL THE TIME. My husband used to give me a hard time for putting Trav’s shoes on for him, or treating him like a little kid instead of an 8 year old. I do that kind of stuff because it almost seems painful for him to get done, and it took SO much time out of our day for such trivial stuff. It sucks seeing my 5 year old niece come over in the mornings, go off to another room and come out completely dressed, shoes tied and everything, in four minutes, while Travis struggles with putting on socks.  This is also helping me to understand my husband, who apparently has severe, undiagnosed ADHD (we just can’t afford to treat it right now, unfortunately). It’s making me more patient with his forgetfulness and distractibility, and his need to blow money on Monsters before work so he can focus.  I also watched the recommended video of Russell Barkley---- that was a great video, really helped me understand how my son’s brain is working.  Here are my issues with medicating Travis:  --My son is cool. He’s got friends and he’s not socially awkward at this point. My adult friends think he is the shit—he’s respectful, he’s kind of eccentric and quirky, and he’s into cool stuff.   --Our doctor seems very ADHD trigger happy—she has it, her kids have it, her husband has it, and they all take meds every day of the year. I kinda feel like she’s not entirely objective about the situation. I almost feel like she’s the Bacardi lady from that episode of the Simpsons.  --I worry about stunting his growth: he’s taller than his peers, and I selfishly want that for him. I want him to be a tall man someday. His biological father was diagnosed ADHD, put on Ritalin, and was much shorter than his father and brothers…. could have been totally unrelated, but it still freaks me out that I might fuck with his height.  --His doc also said some remark about Einstein possibly having ADHD. And while I thought it was interesting at first, once I went home and thought about it, I was like, “well, what if Einstein had been treated for ADHD? Would he have been the genius he was?” I just worry if I medicate Travis, that I’m taking away who he is… I like who he is. I’m worried that he’ll lose that ability to intensely focus on his interests.  Maybe I’m just on the fence because I want him to know that he does NOT have to fit in the box the way everyone else does. He doesn’t have to listen to the man and pass the standardized tests in school, he doesn’t have to be what anyone wants him to be—he can just be Travis. Buuuuut, I also understand that in order to be a “normal” member of society (which I’m sure he will want to be) that you DO have to fit in the box, you do have to act like everyone else and know the norms and rules and bullshit.   …My biggest worry is what he will think fifteen years from now: if I DON’T treat him, will he have so many regrets (like my husband who has had nothing but problems his whole life, and resents his parents for not getting him help? Or if I do treat him, will I have altered the course of his life in a bad way? Gah! Being a parent sucks. It's too damn hard to make big decisions like this.  There’s so much I don’t know, and I’m learning more every day… I’m sorry for ever pre-judging people with ADHD. I think a lot of it came from having friends who were just stupid and mildly hyper who claimed they had ADHD, or friends who were actually medicated that didn’t seem like they needed it from my inexperienced eyes… Now watching my son, I reaslize that there is DEFINITELY something wrong, and my pre-conceived notions were bullshit.  In conclusion, I’m really sorry for ever making light of something that is a legitimate issue. I now humbly request any advice, input, or experiences you’ve had that can help me figure out what is the best course of action for us.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;so what is the long term solution to tolerance to stimulants for ADD?;;;I'm getting very frustrated and pissed off because when my meds aren't working I forget to eat, dont sleep well, can't focus well, remember much, and am just an all-around unfocused.  I've had my dose upped from 20, to 20mg with adderall [5mg] 1-3 times a day, to 30mg to 40mg twice a day (going to be upped the next time i see my doctor) of vyvanse in the past 3 years. 40mg was effective for the longest time out of the 3 doses (a year) and it just dropped off (my sleep cycle didn't help and when my meds arent effective i forget to eat). Now my doctor called and told me to take 40mg twice a day and im probably the most relaxed and sedated i've ever been in my life and could probably go to sleep now. (this dose is probably too high? im guessing).  I went from being a chain-smoking (it helped me focus =/), 8 cups of coffee a day, anxiety ridden, avoident, severely depressed, and unfocused mess who couldn't get anything done to calm, focused,  sleeping well, and A+s in organic chemistry in the span of 3 years due to the fact it was discovered that I actually have ADD. Even though school is important to me all I care is having a quality life and being able to do what every one else can. I have no interest in speeding or doing 10 things at once or being euphoric and these medicines don't do that to me and I don't exceed my dose ever.  I'm so annoyed about this tolerance business and I don't understand why it is happening and what should be done? My psychiatrist is fine just increasing my dose of vyvanse, but won't this just keep happening? I requested to look at switching medications (we did try a very low dose  ritalin at one point that matched my 20mg vyvanse and it didn't work. He also wanted to try adderall xr at one point, but i suspected the same thing would happen with adderall xr.) and he wants to just up the dose. Oh and I've also taken weekends off meds at some points but it's not like  ADD goes away on weekends or you don't need to focus. Any advice? Anyone else experienced this? I have trouble believing there is no solution this and what even causes this?  and with the last dose 40mg it still is effective enough to treat my anxiety issues (im totally relaxed), but it barely does anything for my focusing issues. I also can feel that its in my body 12 hrs.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;S.O. Taking my medication behind my back;;;When I was first diagnosed I was scripted generic Ritalin which was absolutely horrific for me,  Hardly used, I've kept the bottles incase I come into a financial stump later down the road and can't afford what I'm taking now.  I found out my S.O. was taking them behind my back to concentrate in math class for the past month.  I'm upset, and I feel like he is belittling my disorder.  I've told them this and he said he would fake ADHD to get medication.  I don't know how to approach this situation nor how to handle it.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How many of you with ADHD get the "paradoxical response" to stimulants? What does it even mean?;;;I'm just curious because I do (diagnosed with ADHD-inattentive type, which is weird because supposedly hyperactive type are the ones that get this response?) and it makes no sense to me. Vyvanse/adderall etc all make me super relaxed,  focused, kill my social anxiety, improvesmy motor coordination (i have the shittiest motor coordination ever w/o meds) lower my blood pressure/heart rate, and make me sleepy and as my meds become less effective I sleep less well, dont eat as much, as well as become less effective. caffeine does the same and so do cigarettes ( i used to drink 8 cups of coffee a day and smoke about a pack of cigarettes before it was properly identified what's going on). It feels like I'm being sedated  by like xanax or something and when the dose is too high I just end up going to sleep for like 8 hours.  How many of you get this response to stimulants and what does it mean? My Doctor said it's common for people who have ADHD, but what about the people with ADHD who can't sleep when they get their dose upped or feel like they're speeding? What's the difference between them and me? Any info on this mystery would really interest me. I've also heard people say it's bullshit before but if it is why am i getting this sort of response? :|
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;First time poster. Recently diagnosed at 34.;;;So, I don’t want to make this too long (not my whole life story), but I have never posted anywhere about this.  It still might fall in to the TLDR category, so, sorry.  Growing up in the 80's, I was never diagnosed with ADHD but all the signs from back then point to it.  I was tested and put in the gifted program, but not for ADHD?  Anyway...  Always had problems concentrating on one thing, getting distracted, not finishing things, ignoring deadlines / due dates.  I never graduated high school, have picked away at college (54 credits) and have managed to keep the same pretty well paying job for over 10 years (I work from home and set my own on the road appointments, which helps - even though I am usually late).  I am constantly analyzing things, thinking about things, having random thoughts in my head - multiple thoughts, all at the same time.  If I am doing something work related, and get distracted from it, I'm lucky if I get back to it within a few hours, if at all.  This has led to some anxiety and depression (diagnosed with dysthymia as well).  It's more for me dwelling on all the missed opportunities / mistakes / dwelling on the past.  I have no drive, no motivation, no goals, and I still can’t figure out what I want out of life.  So, the psychiatrist I am seeing put me on Strattera (2x40mg in the morning - starting with just 1x40mg for the first five days) in August.  All it did was made me a zombie.  All I wanted to do was sleep.  I didn’t eat, lost 10-15 pounds, had even LESS motivation and drive.  It got to the point where I spent a weekend on the couch feeling worthless, hopeless, and didn't want to move.  So I stopped taking it.  The Dr has now prescribed Ritalin (1x10mg in the morning and 1x10mg after lunch).  I am on my second day.  The first day, about 30-45 minutes after taking it, I felt sleepy.  I was unable to function.  I couldn't concentrate on anything and had no interest to do anything.  I took the second pill after lunch and again felt tired.  Although, this time, I could concentrate on things - just not what I was supposed to be doing.  So, I figured I would pop a third (thinking maybe my dose was too low)....same results.  Around 8 or 9 PM when it wore off, I got a bunch of energy, starting cleaning, doing laundry and organizing things.  I then got super hungry and ate a 6' sub.  I was still hungry and went and got a burger from Wendy’s right after...I never eat like this.  Went to bed at midnight and woke up at 8 Am without an alarm.  Today (day 2), I took the first 10mg at 8:30.  I was a little sluggish but was about to be productive from 10 Am until lunch.  I took the second pill at 12:30 and the same as yesterday...I was in a Wikipedia hole for 3 hours and didn’t even realize it.  Around 3:30-4PM I got severe anxiety, my sense of touch was hypersensitive (was somewhere between pain and tickling – that annoying feeling), and I was, for lack of better words, semi-tweeking.  I took a shower and headed out.  Again, around 4-5 hours after my last dose, I started to feel energized, got a bunch of shit done, and ate like a pig.  Has anyone ever experienced anything like this?  I wanted to try Adderall from the get go, but I guess most Drs use this as a last resort
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Suggestion "official" ADHD meetup/event day.;;;**TL;DR:** International adhd meetup day that any one can organize an event at. (sorry for bad english)   So I was sitting in front of reddit thought that it would be nice to meet some fellow ADHDers in person. in order to do so i thought a /r/ADHD  meetup would be great.   However it soon dawned on me that it would be a lot of hard work figuring out who I should cater this event to (I'm kind of a Jack of all trades so I would love a lan, beach, and masquerade party with free beer ) and that the most of you probably don't have the ability to make it to sweden So I realised that i needed to rethink the Idea.  **This** is what I have come up with so far and a lot will probably change since I'm putting the you in charge.   1. Time and date: I Think it should be a saturday between the weeks 25 and 30(mid june to mid july)and recur every year at the week number we decide.  2. Any one can make any kind of event at any magnitude.  3. The day should have a suitable name.  4. It would be nice if the moderators could put the date in the sidebar  5. We will probably need to create another subreddit for this in the future if the mods think /r/ADHD becomes too flooded with event posts.  So if you like this idea of an international adhd meetup day please make it happen.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;doctors have failed me for five years....today I feel truly heartbroken.;;;25F ADHD-PI (I'm part of the underdiagnosed group of women who don't seem like they have adhd because it's not as externalized...I was quiet, followed the rules, and got good grades in high school because I have a good short term memory and ability to "hyperfocus"...but as a child they were always sending me to have my hearing tested, and in my late teens I got in two car accidents, due to inattentiveness. I don't have any doubts about my adhd diagnosis, and a few other people in my family have it as well, including my dad.   HISTORY   2008 - Freshman year of college, I suspect I have adhd so I go to a primary care doc for a referral to a specialist....this doc decides I'm just depressed and prescribes me 40mg Prozac (he said that too many docs are afraid to prescribe an "effective" dose) - I take it for a few months and just sleep all the time - lose a relationship and almost fail out of school because of it. then I am switched to Zoloft by a different doc because it will be more "activating"...  2009 - A few months after beginning Zoloft (which didn't have much of an effect on me) I have what vaguely resembles a "manic episode" where I don't sleep much for a week and spend too much money...because of this I am diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and switched to Lamictal....stayed on Lamictal for 6 months and it did absolutely nothing for me other than make me sluggish/fat and killed my personality. I decided on my own to quit taking Lamictal and just save up to see a specialist for ADHD assessment.   2010 - Finally see a specialist, pay $500 out of pocket, go through intensive questionnaires and interviews, have my family and closest friends interviewed, and end up walking out with an official diagnosis of adhd - what a relief...only then I go to doc to get a prescription and the only thing this campus doc will prescribe is Ritalin...and only so long as I take Lamictal as well because of my prior (mis)diagnosis of bipolar. I tried this combo for a while and found that Ritalin didn't work for me and I hated being on Lamictal....at this point I gave up and went unmedicated for a couple of years - surviving but not thriving.   2012 - Barely graduated from college. Went abroad for a year and became depressed - was prescribed Wellbutrin which helped me get out of the bed in the morning but slowed down my cognitive and motor skills, gave me mild anxiety, and possibly made my adhd worse.  Took it for only a couple of months.   TODAY - I finally get set up with a sliding scale clinic (I'm uninsured), and after having spent the three previous Friday mornings waiting on "standby" for the only mental health care specialist they have I get in to see him today....I've been on a mission to finally get stimulants (something that isn't Ritalin or Wellbutrin) and I thought I had jumped through all of the hoops, I had been so patient when so many times I just wanted to give up out of frustration. And what does this doctor fucking do? He decides I have anxiety and prescribes me Celexa....he dismisses my adhd, calling it "mild"....  I do not have an anxiety disorder...I've never had a panic attack, I don't feel overwhelmed or crushed by anything other than my adhd, I have no problem sleeping or eating, I'm a generally happy, hopeful, and calm person....I do have mild depression but that is directly related to the feeling of worthlessness I get from having adhd. I explained all of this to him and he still said that my "mood disorder" is much more serious than my adhd....how can he say that when my adhd is what is ruining my life? I'm not suicidal...but if I were to take my own life it would be because I'm tired of living with untreated adhd.   I wonder if I just take the Celexa and prove to him it's not working then I can get him to switch me to a stimulant eventually (I'd really like to try Vyvanse)....but I don't even want to take the Celexa after my past experiences with antidepressants - they always just made things worse.   I don't know what to do, I feel like doctors don't even listen to me. Any advice? Thanks for reading.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Can people with undiagnosed/untreated ADHD still do well in school?;;;I don't know enough about ADHD to tell whether my problems are the result of bad habits cemented in my brain growing up that are a result of poor mental discipline, or I actually have a disorder. I wanted to know opinions from people who have experience with ADHD. I feel awkward asking a doctor about the possibility of me having ADHD at 19 because I've done fine in school until now.  I have always been a good student until recently. I have a ton of trouble concentrating on subjects that aren't interesting to me. This has always been a problem for me, but I until now the classes I didn't like were mostly easy to pass without a full understanding. I have the intelligence, I just find it impossible to keep my mind on the textbook or professor. I resolve to work hard, and then I find myself thinking about random things as my eyes go across the page or stare at the professor. I get by by learning definitions with flash cards, which isn't hard to do even with a lack of focus. I wonder if ADHD is also an explanation to the many unfixable memory and organization problems I've had since I was little, which my parents passed off as me being an "absent minded professor". I also feel like I've compensated until now by having an affinity for multiple choice tests. I was also an avid reader growing up, which I think gave me a decent ability to guess in tests on books I didn't like so I didn't finish. I also had amazing parents that would study with me and drill things into my head until High school, when independent reading and harder math made it impossible for them to help. Cheating was also rampant in my school, which made it easy to pass classes like Spanish.   Of the memory problems and organization problems, I could never ever keep a folder, planner, decent notes, or a calendar. Teachers have tried to "fix" me since grammar school, but I never managed to get it together. I still miss due dates constantly, which I never do consciously. I constantly zone out when people are talking to me and need them to repeat themselves. I never remember peoples names. I have been on a sports team in my college for 3 semesters, and there are still people on the team that I don't remember their names. I compensate by using "dude" and "man". I have made serious attempts to get organized, but I can't remember to write dates down, and I feel like when I take notes in class I can't get an understanding of the lecture at the same time and end up with notes that are just worse versions of my textbook. The notebook will likely be lost somewhere anyway.   This got into my head because I am failing accounting, and was desperate enough to try adderall from a friend. I was able to study hard for a good 5 hours as if it was a calculus or history class. I know this is the reason college kids abuse adderall and that many people think they have ADHD after trying it, but the fact that these problems have been consistent since I was little and that its social issues as well as studying issues makes me really unsure. My little brother also was diagnosed with ADHD a few years ago, so the genetic factor is there if he was correctly diagnosed.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Non-stimulant ADHD drugs for adults;;;I'm 28 years old and recently diagnosed, and my GP will not prescribe stimulant ADHD meds to adults because of abuse and whatnot. I've been on 80mg of Strattera for a month now, and it initially felt like it was helping, but now I just feel tired all day. Other options my doctor has discussed include a tricyclic antidepressant (didn't catch the name), Wellbutrin, and guanfacine.  Have any adult sufferers had much luck with any non-stimulant drug? I looked at a number of Strattera threads and the impression was generally pretty negative. Wondering if I should continue working with my GP or ask for a referral to a psych and try to get a stimulant prescription.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Having ADHD makes me feel terrible about myself and avoid situations, which actually really help me like extra time on exams and I hate talking about my ADHD-PI to others.;;;I have ADHD-PI  and was diagnosed at the beginning of college (things really went to hell at the beginning of college and I ended up chain-smoking just to be able to focus). I had to cheat like hell before that, barely graduated high school, and my parents did all my work and used to meet with teachers and assure them that I was fine. I'm also a really nice and polite person so teachers gave me  the benefit of the doubt and I am really smart.  Anyways, since I was diagnosed (3-4 years ago) I've felt terrible and insecure about talking about it because people assume i'm smart and that i cant have such an issue. I am terrible at rapid recall, my working memory is pretty bad, i can't really visualize stuff in my head, i read misinterpret and mark things easily (like scantrons) and in order to finish on time i scrawl like a madman and no one can read it. In this quarter of college (my last quarter of college), I finally talked to a professor about the prospect of receiving extra time and I actually ended up utilizing two hours for an examination that was 45 mins.  Obviously it really helped me but even talking about my ADHD makes me feel like shit and extra time makes me feel terrible about myself and i wanted to struggle with everyone else. Also, people always assume that i'm smart and know everything, so it's weird for people to understand I have ADHD. Has anyone else been through these circumstances or similar? How did you resolve it? I feel so bad about myself and gives me bad anxiety and the shakes to even talk about it to most people aside from my doctor. I hate my circumstances even though they have gotten a lot better.  I also hate that it wasn't discovered earlier in my life. it feels like i was living a lie =/.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD and Reading (And Reading in General) - Why its hard for people to read.;;;Let me introduce myself:  * I am a full time Ph.D. Student in **School Psychology** (We help learners learn).   * When I graduate, I will be a Licensed Psychologist who can do therapy and psychoeducational evaluations (find out why you are having trouble learning).  * I have ADHD, and a Learning Disability (mostly with written expression  * I write these things to help educate people about themselves, knowledge of our own personal struggles is freeing because it can help us understand and explain ourselves more and using science is the best way to that.   * **I also love spreading scientifically informed knowledge.**   * While I am still in school I want to become a learning disability expert (pm me if you have any questions/concerns/wonders about your learning struggles).    Previous posts talked about:  *  [The Causes of ADHD and Effective, Scientifically Validated Treatment, with a goal to summarize what is know about the ADHD](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/1ol3ue/there_is_a_lot_of_bullshit_about_adhd_i_wrote_up/)   * [Academic Outcomes Associated with ADHD](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/1ouvti/adhd_and_academics_getting_past_the_bullshit/)  * [Comorbidity Associated with ADHD](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/1pcfgc/adhd_and_comorbidity/)   * [Accommodations for ADHD](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/1qrvoc/accommodations_and_academics_how_to_get_them_and/)  /u/parkhour posted a question on reading [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/1rc1iv/i_have_add_and_hate_reading_my_friends_who_have/) and it inspired me to talk about reading and ADHD and reading.   Its time for another article! But this one is on **READING**   Like 60% of people with ADHD have trouble reading. And it can be caused by ADHD and other things. Both of the reasons are prevalent in people with ADHD.    **READING = DECODING**  **Reading is hard. You have to automatically do so many things to get meaning from text.**   * You have to know and be able to recognize that speech is made up of individual sounds. like atoms. (whats the difference between Grow and Glow when said aloud) people who have trouble reading often have difficulty with that. Rhyming is hard too.   * You have to know the smallest units of meaning in a language (what does -ed mean after the word "fart").   * You have to know the rules for combining nouns, verbs, adjectives (Yoda sucks at this).   * You have to know what words mean (vocabulary).   * You have to know what sounds go with what letters.   * You have to know the exceptions (why does ph make the /f/ sound? and colonel for kernal- wtf?)  * You have to be able to do all the stuff above sooo incredibly fluently  **The ability to read goes like this:**  First, when a child becomes aware of the fact that spoken words are made up of sounds; can take the form of awareness of rhyme, awareness of syllabuses, onsets of words, etc  Then you learn that symbols have meaning (two year olds know the McDonalds Arches).   Then you learn that individual sounds go with letters.  Then you learn the exceptions to the rules (seriously english, just spell shit how it sounds. WTF!).  The you are fluent and capable reader.   **In short reading comes down to decoding and comprehension**  That was a super short summary of reading. Its way more complex than that.    **Facts about reading:**  Before third grade, your **learn to read** in school.  After third grade, your **READ to LEARN**.   **Reading is how our society gives us the most academic/background knowledge**   Most people get identified as having a reading disability in after the third grade, because its obvious that you just aren't keeping up.   **In schools about 60-80% of referrals for learning difficulties come from people who are having trouble reading!**      Here is a good definition of Dyslexia:   “a specific learning disability that is **neurological in origin**.  It is characterized by difficulties with **accurate and/or fluent word** recognition and by poor spelling and decoding abilities.  These difficulties typically **result from a deficit in the phonological component of language** that is often unexpected in relation to other cognitive abilities and the provision of effective classroom instruction.  **Secondary consequences** include problems in reading comprehension and reduced reading experience which impedes growth of vocabulary and background knowledge”  Think of dyslexia as having trouble with the mechanics of reading.     **there are four types of reading disabilities or why people have trouble reading:**  1. **Dysphonetic Dyslexia** - these people never mastered the individual speech sounds when they kids. They suck at rhyming, they cant tell the difference between glow and grow, etc. They just dont get that speech is mad eup of individual sounds. They put sounds in weird order when trying to spell, they spell the same word a 100 different times on a page. There is no knowledge of the sound-written symbol connection.   2. **Dyfluent Dyslexia** -  These people can read, they know that individual sounds make up words. But they are slooooooooow, and by the time they get to the end of sentence they forgot what it was about because it takes so long.   3. **Mixed Dyslexia** - This is a combo of the above kind.    4. Has to do with **Reading Comprehension**. Have good decoding skills but difficulty with reading comprehension.  May have poor executive functioning and working memory skills  - difficulty organizing incoming information with previously read material (which leads to poor comprehension). To comprehend you need to be able to retain knowledge and have the flexibility to manipulate it, store it, and retrieve the information later. May have poor language foundation skills and be unfamiliar with words (which leads to poor comprehension). May have poor visual and verbal working memory. Be aware of attention problems.  **The fourth kind is likely the kind of reading difficulties that someone with ADHD will have, if dyslexia is not suspected.**   In summary the different types of poor readers: * Those who can understand it when it’s read aloud by have trouble reading (dyslexia) * Those who can read words accurately but do not comprehend it (poor comprehenders) * Those who have trouble with both   **ADHD is highly comorbid with troubled reading.** But it could be because you have **dyslexia** (as much as 20 percent of people do). Or because of working memory and executive functions and attention!    Having trouble with reading does not mean you are stupid, in fact, **its pretty independent from IQ.** It just means that there is something else going on.   **Red flags of dyslexia:**  * Difficulty learning to rhyme words * Difficulty learning letter names and sounds * Confusion of letters and words with similar appearances (saw and was) * Confusion of letters with similar sounds (/f/ and /v/) * Trouble arranging letters in the correct order when spelling (besauc =   because) * Spelling the same word in different ways on the same page (wunce, wuns = once) * Spelling words the way they sound rather than the way they look (sed for said) * Difficulty pronouncing multisyllabic words * Slow word perception, which affects reading rate and fluency  * Often have strengths in areas not affected by the disorder (e.g., math and science) * Oral language and listening comprehension abilities often higher than reading and spelling skills  * **Research has indicated that intelligence does not predict reading for individuals with dyslexia, but it is a reasonable predictor for individuals without dyslexia**   **Those with good verbal skills often not identified until later**   **Early intervention is critical!!**    **Common Misperceptions:**  * People with dyslexia cannot read * Individuals with high IQ cannot have dyslexia * Dyslexia is seeing things backwards * Dyslexia is rare * Dyslexia cannot be diagnosed until at least 3rd grade * Children will outgrow dyslexia * More boys than girls have dyslexia * All struggling readers have dyslexia * Young children who reverse letters have dyslexia * Ineffective instruction in school can cause dyslexia   IF you think you might have dyslexia, contact a local school psych (a licensed one) or a literacy group. Or PM me!  This actually a very serious topic because NO one should have trouble becoming a good reader (hear me out). This seriously opposite ADHD in terms of a true cure. Through good reading instruction, usually a phonics program, and years of hard work you people with dyslexia can overcome their difficulties. This is one science almost has beat. That along with early ID can really help this LD.    Tldr reading disorders are common with people who have adhd. There are different kinds too.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Depression and ADHD; which do I prioritize?;;;I've been suffering from major depression for about a year and was formally diagnosed in August when I went inpatient in a mental hospital for a week and then outpatient for 5 weeks.   I'm currently 17 years old and I've started a business that's growing but I'm using it as an excuse to not do any of the other things that I need to do. I only have 2 online classes left of high school, and they're just rotting and about to expire in 10 days. I use to have a high caffeine intake (coffee, soda..etc) that I used to calm myself down, also I've tried Pseudoephedrine which worked but I was also very edgy which distracted me even more.   I'm on Prozac (currently 40mg daily) right now and I don't feel like it's working as much as it should. I don't think about killing myself actively, but I still deep down want to, but I haven't really decided if I want to yet or not.  I was talking to my GP a few weeks ago and I told him that I wanted to get tested for ADHD and he kinda blew me off saying that "we need to get you stable on your depression first." I'm in the process to be switching to a psychiatrist.  TL;DR: I have depression and I want to get tested for ADHD but doctor said he wouldn't test me yet. I'm about to switch doctors, how have you guys dealt with MDD and ADHD?  How can I deal with both at the same time?  What are your experiences with having MDD and ADHD?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How did you cope after you were diagnosed, before you got medication ?;;;I live in a country where it's very hard to get medication, due to abuse and societies perception, I'm 41 years old, the diagnosis is very clear for ADD but I've had some problems with alcohol (never drugs) and have been taking some prescription medication - always prescribed by my doctor, so I wouldn't call it abuse (xanax).  I'm on a waiting list to see a doctor who will decide but I'm very worried he will just say no, you are just an alcoholic, stop drinking.  Somehow I've managed to keep a steady job for the past 15 years (changed jobs twice, both times moving upwards) but it's getting harder as the years hit you doing allnighters + my personal finances are a mess - although I make quite a nice salary.  My place is a mess, not sure if I have good friends or not - probably seems like to them I keep ignoring them, cancelling plans etc...    I'm having some very hefty financial problems at the moment, but I'll manage, I can get out of  problems this time.   But this is my last chance, if I keep on as I have I'll be on the street.  Just to be clear I don't drink daily, I've stopped drinking for 3 months straight but often like to have 4-5 beers after work, sometimes they turn out to be more, but I mostly do it because I don't know what to do instead of beering up.  It calms my mind.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I'm about to graduate college, but I still have very negative feelings about my childhood and experiences I had before it was discovered that I have ADHD. Advice?;;;Before it was discovered I had ADHD-PI in college (it probably would have been discovered in middle school or high school had it not been for my circumstances) and I had very difficult circumstances that depressed me. struggled getting my assignments done, focusing in class, (couldn't stop zoning out and day dreaming), reading was hell, my working  memory was always bad, and my parents ended up staying till 3am doing my work for me. On top of that my parents used to spend thousands of dollars on tutors to try and help me, and these tutors usually just got really pissed at me because I couldn't follow their directions well, it was hard for me to do things at their pace, or do the stuff they assigned me. Teachers did kind of notice that things didn't match up between the work I "supposedly produced" and the way I was in class and sent home notes to my parents, but my parents always met with them and insisted that the work was mine and told the teachers all these supposedly great things i've done, which were my parents work. Students, however bullied me a lot because they picked up the incosistancies as well. My parents even took me out of regular school and home-schooled me for a few years because of this. I used to think everyone struggled like I did.  In high school I ended up struggling even more having to cheat in ridiculous ways to be able to succeed and it made me feel terrible. I always tried to keep up with the work, focus, memorize, but it never worked out so thats what happened. Of course I got caught a ton, but teachers still let me go because they saw how guilty and bad i felt and they liked my personality. Also, my parents called them. I also ended up spent 4 years at the community college because i was so lost and couldn't balance my schedule, show up on time,turn in assignments and I kept changing my major because everything seemed interesting and then I'd get into classes, struggle with my same focusing issues and have to drop out. Eventually it was discovered what was going on with me and now i'm doing a lot better with treatment, but this is my past. All of those misrepresentations from my parens and facades fell apart.  It  makes me so anxiety-ridden to even discuss it and I grew up very guilty and sad because of this stuff. Sometimes I'm angry at my parents for not noticing or understanding, but they really wanted to help me in the best way they could at the time even though they didn't understand either.  I also feel bad that they had to take on my responsibilities no  matter how hard i tried on my own and it always felt so so wrong and I hated cheating and just going into exams completely lost because I didn't understand anything no matter how hard I tried to study and I really wanted to learn so badly.  My parents also gave me a lot of opportunities growing up that a lot of people don't have and because of who I am I was unable to take utilize them. They wanted me to play the piano, paint, and numerous other things, which I just couldn't do or balance/focus on. I really feel like i grew up letting everybody down because of who I am. It also feels really shitty having to had to struggle so much when now things are way more manageable for me. Right now I'm graduating college and I feel so fucking weird about things like being able to  just make it through a class, balance responsibilities, and even goof around with friends and just make people laugh. I sometimes use my past to push myself harder to achieve these days, but when it isn't troubling me like it is now I try and use it as a way of understanding that there is a lot more to each person and their circumstances than meets the eye and that I want to help people and understand their circumstances as well.  Still my past makes me feel incredibly guilty and bad. I want to do things the way everyone else does even if it's  not fair to me, like last week when I finally talked to a professor because I need extra times on exams I just felt so bad, awkward, and stupid and vulnerable. Does anyone else have a difficult past like this? How could I work on resolving my feelings about it or being at peace with it?   tl;dr: I feel like I had to  live a lie and struggled a ton before it was discovered what was going on with me. Things much are much less difficult now, but my past is just so unsettling so any advice on how to not be so disturbed and hurt about it would be appreciated also similar experiences. It took me forever to write these, but i've held back these thoughts for a while.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What do you recommend I do? I'm struggling.;;;Just found this sub a few mins ago, but I have been battling this problem for years. I've never done well in school. Always in Trouble, can't focus even when I literally am trying my best,Haven't made honor roll once in my life, and it's not due to my intelligence either. My teachers all tell my parents how intelligent I am, that I should be an easy A student, and don't understand when I look at them in disbelief. I tried talking to my parents about it and they pretty much told me that even if I was diagnosed by a doctor, they wouldn't believe it, and that ADHD is a made up disease.   I'm currently a junior in highschool, and I love computers. I love coding, I love networking, and I want to go to college for network administration. With my current grades, there's no way that's going to happen.   I've taken aderall before. Illegally of course, but it improved my schooling by 100% literally, I was doing so incredibly well, everything was clear and I wasn't getting foggy when I tried to focus. I seriously want to make something out of myself but I struggle so very much. Any tips for me? Sorry for the wall of text.  Tl;dr I think I have ADHD but I can't get checked out because of parents.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Just got finals grades back, need to vent..;;;I was absolutely certain i had a 4.0 semester in the bag and i just got my grades back. Though i was absolutely confident i knew the material i just got a B in Trig.. Before you weigh in on how a B is a good grade its important to note that we only had two in class grades which were the midterm and final, this being community college the mid and final were only worth 25% of my grade anyway the rest was all online work i could redo as many times as needed to get an A. I walked into that test supremely confident that i had it but just saw my final exam grade was a 64. I got a 69 on the midterm and a 64 on the final. My B is absolutely fake i don't deserve that its artificially propped up by an insane grading scale..  I'm an engineering major and have a ton more math to do. This was my first semester medicated and while i for sure slacked off i always managed to buckle down at the last second and get the work done i needed to get done. I thought i had a handle on this stuff, i really thought i was walking into a formality to get that A but looking at my grades now i see im a complete fraud and should be at a C or D at best... There isn't really a point to this i just needed to get this off my chest and could never open up about it to the people in my life, their belief in me keeps me going and i have to protect that no matter what..  TL;DR: Got a B in a college trig course i don't deserve, thought i had the material down but received a 69 and 64 on my midterm and final respectively. Feeling really deflated that even though i FEEL like i am getting the material now its all a lie. I failed out of college the first time due to my ADHD and failure to commit to work and even though i'm medicated and focused its not enough.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Is it the medication or me?;;;I just got my grades back after finals week and I've gotten all A's. I got diagnosed this semester with ADHD NOS and with the help of therapy and Ritalin I've been working pretty fucking hard to do the best I can.   But I feel empty. Whenever I finished an exam or an assignment i know I did well in I didn't feel accomplished. I just felt like I got something done. I remember after one exam I went home and broke down crying. My parents asked if I had failed it but I didn't. I did really well actually.   I had made so much progress this semester but now I feel like I'm regressing. Could it be the medication that's robbing me from feeling proud of myself?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;life check in i guess;;;Hello friends so my semester has ended and i got my grades and it has been a really crazy semester. I have lived with ADHD for pretty much all my life and been on medications for basically as long as i can remember. So i had some issues with medication this semester where it seemed to no longer be working. this resulted in at midterms i was failing every class and before this i was a 3.65 GPA so really not the norm for me. so i got it checked out and my dosage changed. i finished the semester with nothing lower than a B- in an class, the courses where heat transfer, signals and systems, motors and controls, dynamical systems and chaos. so that is rather fantastic. so yay me. it was a really mind opening experience kinda crazy, i have no idea how to describe it, almost like thinking i was me until i fixed it and then i was me and i wasn't before. really trippy.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Yeah... I have no idea what goes on in my life. It's probably not ADHD, but perhaps you guys can help.;;;I don't have ADHD. A lot of times I think that doing the whole WebMD/paranoid-self-diagnosis/half-sarcastic-I-have-this-disorder-because-this-one-time-didn't-focus things are offensive to people who actually struggle with something this tough. That being said, I took a course in Special Education this semester, and, of course, I began self-diagnosing myself with all the different exceptionalities we were learning about.  Obviously, I don't have them, but the one that stuck out was ADHD spectrum things. I demonstrate a lot of the inability-to-focus things, but don't have the constantly-thinking-about-useless-stuff brain or hyperactivity. I feel a lot of my problems come from being in a gifted program ALL throughout public school and not learning a lot of studying and learning techniques that most kids did. I'm decently smart, but that can't carry me the whole way.  To top it off, I'm SO goddamn lazy. For you guys here, I understand you aren't lazy. But my question to you, and hopefully you can help, is how do you convince yourself to do things NOW? I understand all the little working/staying on task techniques but it doesn't do any good if I never DO anything important. I hate myself a lot sometimes especially when I see my little brother, who despite all the pride I have in him for how awesome he is, I feel a lot of jealousy for how good he is at DOING things.   tl;dr, How do you focus in on doing things in the NOW?  p.s. I apologize for this post, I feel I just got kinda ranty and needed to say something somewhere.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Partner has been diagnosed with ADHD - any advice?;;;Hello /r/ADHD!     My long term boyfriend has just been diagnosed with ADHD and I want to be as supportive as possible. We've been together for nearly 5 years and I love him to pieces. I think he is struggling to articulate exactly what he needs from me in light of his diagnosis.     I understand that everyones ADHD is different but is there any advice that you wished you could give to your loved ones in hindsight or something you wish everyone could know?      Thank you!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;This is my view from my mind having ADHD, something I wanna share.;;;I hope this can help anyone in any way, I just wanna show ppl what my mind and I am like, &amp; also see if there are others that feel like I do, or see the world like I do.  I am 19,  male, &amp; I have ADHD &amp; APD (Anti-social personal disorder). I've only recently started medication,  started Stratera around Oct 2013 stopped taking it because the side effects were too strong  then In Nov 2013 I switched to Adderall. which for me even though it is an abused drug. It works for me, it helps my attitude, focusing, thought possess, and the best thing for me that it helps with is that I dont over think anything anymore! Such a relief to not think about the same thing that causes stress, anger, and anxiety for hours and hours! I also am pro-marijuana, in my mind I truly feel like it helps my ADHD. For me its not just getting high because I wanna get weird. No for me its a release from the sick twisted fucked up world my mind has created, escape from judgment, and its helped me figure out who the fuck I really am, also giving me an idea of who I wanna be in the years to come.   growing up w/ ADHD. School was hard, I had friends, not many but I had them. I had a few close friends. I wasn't popular but I also wasn't not popular, I was norm. I was probably known for being a rude asshole, I wasn't a nice person in school, really I was a verbally abusive douche! From elementary to high school! I also definitely had ego issues!  Now outside of school I see and constantly look back at how shitty of a person I was, knowing I can't fix that shit! But know I can do good.  The APD I think I've always had mildly, where I'd periodically not talk to anyone for days or even up to a month at a time until my senior yr where it got to its worst, &amp; I surprisingly graduated.  I missed 44 days of school the first semester, 39 last semester just cause I didn't wanna be around ppl, I felt weird in a way. Also I got kicked off the swim team a month in to the season, but the thing that affected me the most was  a friend/relationship I was in from june-Feb. We hung out every day, we were together so much at one point I thought I was in love, now I know I'm not. The reason I "loved" her was because she was different. I defiantly have relationship problems, I wig my self out about trusting women. So to find her was a miracle at the time! But I've never had trouble talking to girls, I have trouble getting to know girls, and trusting them, most girls I do talk to I usually mess around with them for a couple weeks then move on just cause I dont see anything in them away from sexual things, so I end it before they get hurt even though they do get hurt.  But at the same time of all the shitty things, ADHD has showed me great things too! Like how capable my mind is, how I differ from others, that I'm unique and will always be me!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Can anyone recommend good resources of information for parents of children with ADHD?;;;My nephew probably has ADHD, although the doctor said he can't get a formal diagnosis until he's 6 years old (about 8 months away). His parents are a little hesitant to put him on Ritalin unless it's absolutely necessary. His main problems are behaving in social situations, controlling impulses (e.g. hitting), and getting to sleep. He also has mild Asperger's just to complicate things. Thanks.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Women right;;;so i met this girl, fucking amazing, but then collage break happened and i don't see her for 2 monthish after first date, and i can't stop thinking about her and all i want to do is talk to her about random stuff but every time i do as such with a girl it doesn't work, until i got them invested at least, but any who i was hoping for some advice on having ADHD and not being able to keep thoughts out of my head and if this sounds really stupid thats because i am drunk. also what do people think about drinking and ADHD?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Close-minded parents. I need help with how to deal with them.;;;I live with my sister and her husband (my brother-in-law) and although I haven't been diagnosed with ADHD by a doctor, I've done a lot of research and I've come to believe that I may have it. When I brought up the subject to my sister she immediately said "You don't have ADHD" and before I could say anything my brother-in-law said that he wouldn't go to a psychiatrist to get me checked either way. I can't go by myself because I am 16. I have trouble focusing and I'm falling behind in my classes. Reading used to be one of my favorite activities, but now it seems like it requires too much thinking and I really hate not being able to do anything without going off on a tangent. I just need to know what I can do to talk to them without making them feel attacked.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Questions about best ADHD meds that also works w Depression?;;;Ok so I am a 30 F w ADHD (diagnosed) and I have been off Meds since I graduated college 8 years ago.  It's been rough but almost managable. The thing is I have also been battling with depression for say three-ish years, and have been in a massive rut for a long time in a lot of areas in my life.  I am well aware that I want to tackle this and get out of the rut and am aware that a lot of the changes i have in mind are goign to cause a lot of emotional and psychologiacal fallout.    I have been considering getting my self back on the medication as the suppliments I've been using (St Johns Wort and Vitamin D for the depression, and b12 for the focus... and about 2-3 cups of coffee) are not always sufficient during times of increased stress and anxiety. And now that I have health insurance again it may be beneficial to persue this. So for those who have been adapting to both depression and ADHD, what medications have you tried? Which ones were most and least effective? Why?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Diagnosed 3 years ago, have tried all the meds available;;;Hey ADHD,  I was diagnosed officially 3 years ago, I'v tried almost every drug for several months at a time, Stratterra made me, physically ill, everyday. The stimulant drugs, made me very depressed and agitated.  I really just want something to make me like everybody else. I wake up at 7 go to work till 5 take a break til 7 then try and finish the work I was meant to do during the day, until around midnight or 1am.   I just want idea's what should I be doing?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Public Service Announcement to all students on meds;;;Hey everyone!  I new semester is underway and after another student begged me for my ADD meds I felt the need to remind everyone..  your meds are for you and you only  ***there are legal consequences if you are caught*** ***there are medical consequences to those who take this medication in certain instances*** (ex. interaction with other meds)  do NOT give your medication to anyone. do NOT sell your medication.  I know this is hard for people .... especially those on generics or people who live in countries with great health programs.  Cautionary Tale:  a bottle of ritalin used to cost me about 10 bucks and i could sell pills at 10 a pill! No money and school bills... and I caved. I would hand off a buddy a bottle and my electricity bill was paid. done deal.  WRONG.  Found out that he/she sold a pill to someone on other medication and had a terrible reaction (seizure). The guilt was awful.   *Some interactions with ADD/ADHD meds*:  * can change the effectiveness of hypertention medication,seizure meds * can change the effectiveness of anti-depressants * DO NOT MIX WITH ALCOHOL * can effect those with diabetes, glaucoma, seizures * can interact with other medications used to treat mental illness  Now, legal consequences.   Most of you wont be thinking about this - but what happens if someone takes your medication across the border? This is considered drug smuggling and your name is on the bottle!  here are some examples of charges in various countries for smuggling:  20 years in prison: Tunisia 30 years in prison: Venezuela Death Penalty: Algeria, Iran, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand   Hope to have convinced just one of you to think twice before handing a pill to your buddy. It's just not as innocent as you think.  **TLDR**: DONT GIVE YOUR ADD MEDS TO ANYONE. end. Basically, you just dont know. And in that case - best to be safe.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Psychologist diagnosed me, friend gave me meds, doc visit soon, a question about what to expect.;;;This sub has been a godsend for me (m35). I'd always had a hunch I was ADHD, and have been just overwhelmed lately. Read some stuff here and got in with a psychologist who specializes in ADHD. Went to several sessions with her, and she states that she is almost certain I am, and that she thinks my mother likely is too.   I told another friend of mine who is also diagnosed, and she gave me some of her adderral. It's instant release, small pink round ones. I've been splitting it in half and taking half in the morning and half in the afternoon and it's done wonders.   I have an appointment with the actual Doc next monday that my psychologist referred me to to get meds. I'm wondering if I should stop taking the meds prior to going? Are they going to do blood tests and things or just kind of go over what me and the psych talked about? I don't want to mess this up, because it helps me a lot.   Thank you!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Identity Crisis - Who *Am* I?!;;;How the heck do I find the *real* me?   ADHD feels like a seperate entity to who I am. Throughout my life I've always felt like I am not who I want to be - the way I express myself externally is so different to how I feel deep down and there's nothing I can do about it.   As a late diagnosee (is that a word?) I only recently realized just how much of my personality has been molded around either my ADHD symptoms, the way I have had to deal with them all my life, or the way I have had to deal with people's attitudes towards me as a result of ADHD. I recently told my parents about my ADHD and they passed it off as no big deal (I think to make me feel better about myself, sometimes they are *too* supportive and helpful), and they said it's just who I am.  But I like to think that my personality would be different if I was diagnosed earlier and knew the cause of the problems.  Or am I wrong?  Do I *have* ADHD, or *am* I ADHD??
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Suggestion: Verified ADHD Doctorate/Master's Graduate Flair;;;In r/askhistorian we have verified flairs for those who have academic prestige in various subjects. The same can be found in r/askscience. For those of you don't know these are verified by mailing evidence to the mods privately.   How this would benefit average users: when those who are experts reply we will know that their response is backed up by years of dedicated study. There is a lot misinformation and armchair explanations out there so anything to verify information is helpful.  How this would benefit those with degrees: those who have knowledge under their belt can help more people and feel appreciated for their study. Of course these people should never answer medical questions as they can be held somewhat responsible. But these professional could answer general questions and research.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Was beginning to go down the rabbit hole; stopped myself, opened OmmWriter, and started writing. Decided to share it with you all in the hope that it might help someone today as it's helped me.;;;The plight of ADHD.  For the first time in weeks, I set a task to do and completed it. Okay, maybe I'm lying, I completed most of it except for the last 10%.   This happens to all of us; we get close to the end of something and just don't go any further.   Why?  Now my mind feels tired and it feels it deserves a reward. I was looking around the internet for something interesting to read and then scrolled through EBay to find something to buy. This time I caught myself after fifteen minutes. At least I kept from going down the rabbit hole.   Still, my brain feels tired. I take a half an adderall and nothing. I might even feel more tired now. How could have I over-exerted myself doing those three hours of work? But those three hours, I crushed it and they went by so fast. I don't think I moved from my desk once. Any non-ADHD person would understand why I might be tired; I just completed three hours (or maybe it was two) of intense work.   It's confusing and disorienting to not have any idea how much time passes when you're not looking directly at a it. It's depressing to beat yourself up all the time; with ADHD you feel it's never enough inside. You can never do "enough" because you have no idea what "enough" is; and when you always fail at doing "enough" you lose the internal motivation to not only not do "enough" but not to do "anything."  Luckily, we can meditate and think about our thinking. And maybe, navigate this weird path our brains put us on. And fortunately, not all is lost or hopeless because we may not always have control of our actions or how perceive things, but at least we can identify the patterns (we're good at that) and begin to fight back or at least acknowledge that we're not lazy, crazy, or stupid.   Our brain works funny and thats okay, and we know it.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD and Anxiety;;;Hello fellow ADHD-ers,  I have a co-morbid diagnosis of ADHD-C and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. I am being treated with Celexa for the OCD and Adderall XR for the ADHD.   I am currently reading Driven to Distraction and in it the author describes a type of ADHD called ADHD-Anxiety. The description of ADHD-Anxiety is someone who uses worry or worrying about something to distract them and keep their brains active. This describes how I interact with anxiety perfectly and I am wondering if maybe I need to bring this up to my psychiatrist.   Do any of you have ADHD- Anxiety? Are you being treated for both ADHD and OCD? How have you treated the worrying aspect? Do you have any tips on getting over worries and being productive? Any help would be greatly appreciated.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;FINAL YEAR Uni student NEEDS HELP. URGENT.;;;Hi there, So as the caption says. I'm a final year undergrad University student. Studying Photography. I was re-diagnosed with ADHD last September. For the first two years, I struggled a lot. I mean, I always struggled in school but never repeated years, just passed while always having mitigations/time extensions. This year was supposed to be different, it was supposed to be a year where I could show everyone (and myself) what I'm capable of. Sadly I had problems with funding and I couldn't afford to do many things and my mental health suffered with it a lot. I started with Concerta, ended up on high 56mg daily and it was't working for me and side effects were absolutely horrible. So now I'm on Dexamphetamine. It kinda works but I'm still lacking significant knowledge how to deal with my anxieties, depression and most important, my organisation skills and being able to follow through with my coursework. Also as a typical ADHD'r, I'm having relationship problems (I'm 25 F) which is a horrible distraction during my last year; meeting all the wrong guys that simply fuck me up. So back to important stuff: I was granted extension/mitigation for my first semester, yet the due date was Jan/31 and I still haven't handed it in. I need to do a workbook for one of the projects in the form of a blog, my Final Major Project extended proposal and work in progress, a workbook plus prints of a test shoot. Photographic Business has assigned a whole bunch of PebblePad questions, evaluations, a website and whole loads of other crap that my friend (who also has a learning difficulty) said took her just a day to complete. I also have one massive evaluation of my self-published book as well as a dissertation proposal for tomorrow (Feb/21 by 4pm London/UK time) which is just 500 words so I hope I can smash it. You might ask whats my point? The point is- I'm freaking scared and feeling really hopeless right now. I can't get time extensions for my final semester as I wont be able to attend the graduation ceremony in July. They need to assess us right after our exhibition in the first week of June. I'm lacking of motivation and I'm simply feeling like I won't make it. I'm scared of disappointing myself and my family and simply being ashamed of the failure. It's the last few months where I could actually do everything, yet I'm scared and I don't even know where to begin. I know I'm already in trouble for not handing in my work that was already extended, of which I'm now a month late. I'm feeling like a headless chicken. I got great ideas for my final projects and my portfolio is apparently pretty good, it's just the conceptual and writing work I'm struggling with. I can't structure myself at all. I went on counselling from my university and it wasn't helpful at all. I really need help, some advice, a kick in my butt, some pats on my shoulder telling me "you can do it"... anything. I really want to get out of my black hole of sadness and get on with my work, graduate and be a successful photographer. I just can't get out of my vicious cycle of the same mistakes and bad routines. Excuse so much writing, meds just start working. TL;DR: Really need help. Already late with last semester's work, tons of work for the new semester. I can't get extensions for my final semester as I won't be able to attend the graduation ceremony. I need motivation and some help.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I live with my ADHD SO and am feeling hopeless. Tell me what I'm doing wrong and what to do next, please.;;;I love my SO of five years. I have known about his ADHD our whole relationship and try my best to be understanding. There are a lot of great things in our relationship and I have no plans to leave him, ever. But I'm only going to talk about the difficult stuff here because I need some perspective/help. I'm going to sound like a bitch in this post but I need to be honest and I need some honest advice. So this is basically what I think/feel when I'm in my shittiest/darkest moods.   I feel like being in a relationship with someone with such severe ADHD has made me feel like a martyr. I feel like our relationship consists of him existing in his "natural" state, with no regard for me, while I go crazy trying to stop us from going broke, from living in a dump, from going no where. I have to cook, clean, do our laundry, take out the trash, pay the bills, etc. He feels guilty and always tells me he will do it next time but he never does. And a reminder is enough to make him snap at me for nagging and shut down.  I feel like a terrible person for getting frustrated or resentful, but I don't know how to turn off those feelings. On a selfish level, when I'm especially frustrated I can't help but feel like it's unfair. I know he can't help it and isn't doing this on purpose, so it's ridiculous for me to feel like this. And I try to be patient. But when bills are coming in and I'm the only one paying because he doesn't work enough hours, or when I'm working my ass off all week while he's at home not working and I have to come home to a completely filthy house (that he promised me he would clean over and over again) I can't help but think that I am making a huge sacrifice to be with him. I could be with someone without ADHD, and I wouldn't have to work myself so drastically just to get by. And that's what bothers me - I feel like our relationship depends on me adapting and changing to suit HIM and what HE can do, and he doesn't seem to have to make any sort of sacrifice because "he can't help it". I break my back to accomodate him and he does nothing. It feels like the only way to help him to get or keep work or finish the things he needs to do is to be a mother to him and to be honest it grosses me out sometimes.   He tells me he can't control it. I try to understand that. But I honestly don't think he makes an effort to understand ME, and how important it is to me to not feel like I'm being used as a maid, cook, mom, etc. Every so often I break down and cry and talk to him about it and try to make him understand and he swears he will try everything he can but then.. nothing.  If I want to stay with him, which i do, what are my options? Is  a realationship between a ADHD person and a non ADHD person just destined to be like this..  You can probably tell I'm frustrated. I'm in tears over this. Please, any advice would really, really help.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD Veterans;;;I see a lot of posts about newly diagnosed/questioning ADHDers, but I'm wondering who else has been dealing with a diagnosis since childhood?   * How have things changed for you over the years?  * What symptoms have you been able to control or not control?  * How integral are your early experiences to your behavior now?  Commiseration/story-sharing also welcome.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I've obtained medical records from my childhood, detailing my ADHD medication prescriptions up until I stopped when I was 14;;;Now, these are just photo copies that were not sealed and were sent to me. Will I need to request a set to go directly to a doctor that I wish to have use my original diagnosis for new prescriptions?  Also, I'm looking through the records and there are a ton of prescription refills over the course of 7 years, but I can't pinpoint the exact diagnosis. Is that going to be an issue?  I know I should be asking a doctor this, but it's Friday night and the hyper-attentive part of this is kicking in, ha, I'd love a ballpark answer if at all possible. Thanks :)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I have severe ADHD and was dropped by my psychiatrist. Help? :(;;;I'm at my wits end with reality and the notion of coping with my ADHD via naturopathic methods. A little background, I was on an effective ADHD medication off and on for a few months shy of a year, up until a specific event served as a catalyst for my psychiatrist dropping me completely. I thought, whatever, no problem, i'll go see a new doctor. Fast forward to seeing the new psych, apparently my last doctor labeled me as a high risk patient, which in my opinion, was highly unwarranted. Now I can't get the medication I need and as a result i've been dealing with really severe depression, I can't focus on anything at all, and i've been generally pessimistic about life in general. Like this sucks. I used to be an incredibly productive person, enjoyed a lot of scholarly activities, I studied everything under the sun and I read all the time. I'm honestly starting to lose my shit. I don't read I don't learn and I don't function. Every time I leave a doctors office with more bad news I honestly just want to say fuck it to everything. I really can't handle any more disappointment, I can't stand living life like this, and I don't know what to do anymore. I'm not in school and I was layed off from the last job I had (as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with a disorder I didn't have, forced to take a medication, and not being on my ADHD medication. I ran a truck into a building.) and my social life has all but gone to hell. I was prescribed an anti-depressant to help with it but it doesn't work at all. I've been constantly depressed for the last four months and i'm contemplating dropping out of school entirely if I can't get the help I need at my next appointment. I'm honestly losing my shit, this is a nightmarish hell and I can't handle it anymore. My quality of life like this is fucking horrible. Has anyone been dropped by a psychiatrist, and if so, how did you handle/cope with it?   edit: I'm not a whiner and I try not to bitch, but i'm at my wits end. I don't have the capacity to cope with this anymore.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Should I get tested for ADHD?;;;Let’s begin with a little background.  I am 18 years old in the USA and on my second semester of university.  I think I may have ADHD-PI and I'm wondering if maybe I just convinced myself that I do to cope with my hard time adjusting to college.    I have always done well on tests (except math) throughout school and tended to end up with decent grades because of it.  I was always told I was lazy, careless and didn't show much effort on teacher comments on my report cards though as well as them saying I was shy and quiet in class.  Homework I never really did once my mom stopped making me show her my homework when I was still in elementary school.  Papers take me forever to do.  Once I start writing something if the slightest thing more interesting pops up I'm done writing.  This is a huge problem for me since for example if I am looking up something and I am reading I see a link in the text to something related but more interesting I click it and it happens again and again until something more interesting gets me off the computer.  What makes this even worse is I have a huge motivational problem with starting a homework assignment that looks longer than maybe 15-20 min.  I will procrastinate until the last minute then panic mode sets in and if I do finish in time it’s horrible and I feel bad handing it in because I know I could have done so much better.  After all this I still tend to forget to do assignments pretty often as well.  Class is awful too but I show up to most of them.  I sit down in class open up my laptop or notebook if the professor doesn't allow laptops.  I prefer laptops I have horrible handwriting.  I open up word and I start my notes with the topic of today's class then after about 10 minutes or so I start daydreaming and miss a lot of what the teacher is saying.  Other times something pops into my head and I feel the need to check the release date of a new album or video game or something like that and once I'm on the internet I tend to end up on reddit and we all know how that kills time and with all the links it takes a while to get bored.  I also see symptoms and signs of ADHD-PI outside of class/homework.  When I am talking with a friend or a group of people I tend to drift into my own little world for a minute and then come back thinking to myself "what did they just say?" (Just like in class) and I feel bad that I wasn't listening to what a friend was trying to tell me.  I'm also always losing stuff everywhere and putting things in weird places.    There's other things that I've read tend to be traits of people with ADHD that I have too.  To start we have substance abuse.  I picked up dipping tobacco at a 15 and I noticed it helped me concentrate.  I started smoking pot daily at 16 but quit after about 8 months of constant use (still occasionally smoke).  With easy access to alcohol once I got to college I ended up binge drinking almost every day of the week.  Don't worry though I quit doing that.  Oh and I also switched from dipping to smoking once I got to college as I found it more social and it helped me make a lot of my friends.  Also I notice I used tobacco less when I was using other substances and picked it up more when I wasn't.  I have also tried other drugs like Xanax, Ativan, Adderall, and Vyvance (I will get back to those last two later).  Almost forgot I also have gone on periods of time where I drink a shitload of coffee or energy drinks.   I also get what I believe is social anxiety more often than I think other people do.  It used to be worse but I've worked on that my entire life and it doesn’t interfere with my life too much anymore.  Although never diagnosed I think I may have had depression for a period of time in high school.  This was during a time when I didn't have any friends anymore and the people I thought were my friends never really were.  This didn't help my already low self-esteem I had for the longest time.  My self-esteem is much better now but still on the lower bottom end of what should be normal.    Other things about me that may or may not have to do with anything: I play guitar.  I have been playing for an about 2 1/2 years now.  It didn't really click with me until I got an acoustic guitar and learned finger style.  I wish I could play punk and metal though I just can't seem to get the hang of using a pick.  I'm not great at strumming though which I find a little strange as I am able to keep rhythm fairly well fingerpicking or playing bass.   I love video games.  I've been playing since I was 2 or 3 and I got a Nintendo 64.   I am great with technology.  I am great at troubleshooting, setting up new equipment, I took apart and rebuilt my computer with a few new parts I bought once, and you get the idea.  I find technology and computers very interesting. Although sometimes I drift off for a minute people seem to trust me quickly and talk to me if they need to vent.  I am a pretty introspective person (consequence of daydreaming a lot?) and tend to use that to help people out the best I can. I have a wide variety of random knowledge on all sorts of subjects.  I think this might be because I tend to end up wiki-surfing for extended periods of time when I try and look up something.  I may not know a ton about a subject field but I know enough for a short conversation on various topics.   I am extremely disorganized and messy.  It works well enough for me I can find stuff.  When I clean is when I tend to have a problem.  I guess I use the pile of clutter on my desk as my own type of organization, kind of like a chronological system where the item I last used is on the top and the stuff I have not touched since the last time I cleaned is at the bottom.   I procrastinate everything.  I was on my last pair of clothes before the last time I did laundry.  They stop letting people in the cafe for the day at 8? Better show up at 7:50 and end up with all the shitty food.  Procrastinating also tends to make me late a lot for stuff. I like nature.  One of my favorite things to do when it was warmer out and before I started binge drinking was to take a few shots of JD and go to this one bench and smoke cigarettes and daydream for a while until someone came to say hi.  I would be in my own little world just thinking about all sorts of stuff and making up little stories in my head.  I liked watching the squirrels climb around trees too. I like history.  I find most history very interesting and I tend to remember a lot of what I learn. I am a big fan of music.  My favorite kind of music is 90's Punk Rock like NOFX, Sublime and Rancid.  I also enjoy some pop punk like Blink-182 and Sum 41.  I like alternative bluesy rock kind of stuff too like The Black Keys and Jack White.  I like grunge like Nirvana, Alice in Chains, Soundgarden etc.  I like metal.  Mostly the slower Doom-y stuff like Black Sabbath, Electric Wizard, Kyuss.  I like reggae like Jimmy Cliff, Bob Marley and Shrub.  I like classic rock like The Rolling Stones, The Who, Pink Floyd, Grateful Dead, etc.  Recently I've been getting into electronic music too.  I've liked Daft Punk for years but didn't really get into other stuff until recently I found I like The Glitch Mob, Sabrepulse, and Swedish House Mafia. I genuinely want to do well in school and get a degree in something (currently undecided) and actually learn.  I like learning but I have general disinterest in like 95% of the classes I have ever taken and when I am not very interested it’s near impossible for me to pay attention for very long.  If I didn't have block scheduling in high school I think I would have done pretty poorly.  With such long classes I was able to zone in and out and get enough information. I never studied for school.  College was the first time I had to actually study something.  Thank God it was history.  I have a lot of trouble studying, it’s even worse than when I write a paper.  I'm fairly interested in history as I said earlier so I read enough of the lecture notes to end up with an A(the only grade above a C I got besides my introduction to college type class) I failed my first class ever last semester.  English I failed horribly I ended up with a 23% in the class.   I hate math.  I'm in a remedial math class this semester and I also learned I hate mymathlab.  Never did well in math, actually I probably should have failed all of my math classes in high school but teachers have seemed to like me most of the time and I ended up with C's in all 4 I took in high school.  Now on to what makes me think I have ADHD-PI.  Let’s start off with I'm not hyperactive except for the fact that I tend to change the way I'm sitting a lot and play with my hands a lot.  My roommate also says I fidget a lot when I'm standing still but I don't see it.  Therefore without the hyperactive symptoms I can't be ADHD or ADHD/C. When I was in middle school I heard about ADD and all I knew it meant was they have a lot of trouble paying attention to stuff.  Just knowing that I asked my mom if I have ADD and she said no your doctor would have picked up on it and it’s a good thing you don't because that medicine is bad for you (didn't know there was medication) and I never brought it up again.   During finals week last semester I came into a good amount of various types of Adderall.  I fucked up bad during the semester and fell into panic mode and being no stranger to drugs decided to try out this so called "miracle drug" Adderall that allows you to concentrate.  My roommate and both try 20mg XR and I notice he got all hyper and talked fast.  I felt calm and I was able to concentrate on my paper.  We took a break to have a cigarette.  I had a pack and he didn't so he had to wait until I went out to bum one.  I'm a heavier smoker but he had a worse craving during that time than I normally do.  I say normally because I didn't have nearly as much a desire to smoke. Fast forward to a couple weeks ago.  I one day end up with a 40mg Vyvance and I was told it was like Adderall.  I take it before my first class on my long day (back to back class from 9:30-3:00).  I had the best day ever.  My alarm went off at 8:30 I take the pill and go back to sleep.  My second alarm goes off at 9:10 and I take a shower, get dressed and go to class drinking a red bull.  I start to feel something about 30 min into class and those next 5 hours flew by.  I took amazing notes and paid attention all class.  I got back to my dorm, did laundry and by the time it was done (4 loads) my homework was also done.  That's right I wanted to do my homework and I did it.  I also had less social anxiety, I was in a happier mood than normal all day, I cleaned my room, and I was able to eat (not the normal amount but more than Adderall).  I think to myself at one point "Is this how everyone else is normally?” Fast forward to about 2 weeks ago I'm back to my normal distracted self.  I'm not doing well in school again even though I know I'm on academic probation and in danger of losing my partial scholarship and won’t be able to afford to go to school anymore if I fuck up this semester.  The thing is I really want to do well and I want to learn and I want to complete my work.  I'm writing an essay and no surprise I get distracted researching something. I come across ADHD and I start reading.  I read the symptoms and I think to myself holy shit that sounds kind of like me.  Now I'm interested and when I'm interested I lock in.  I surf the web and read all these things and the more I read the more I think this makes sense, everything makes sense if this is true.  Personal experiences, DSM 5, the effect of ADHD medication on people with and without ADHD it all makes sense.  Here's the problem, some stuff doesn't make sense to me and makes me doubt it and think I'm a hypochondriac. I can super focus on things I find interesting like the internet, videogames, television and playing music.  When I was younger I played Runescape for hours on end every day.  Later it became WoW when I was in middle school.  Oblivion and Skyrim also took up a massive amount of time.  Other games I didn't have as much of a problem because I would always beat them fairly quickly.  My mom used to say I was obsessed with videogames.  Now when I'm home my mom just calls me lazy because I watch Netflix all day every day.  Civ 5 also takes up entire days if I decided to play that every once in a while. It's possible I subconsciously just want a prescription.  Now I am going to make this as clear as I can regarding a prescription.  I want one but I also feel like if I don't get one it's not a big deal.  If I get one I don't want to be on drugs forever.  I want to learn how to cope better, have a doctor help me learn my strengths and weaknesses so that I can be successful.  I feel like a prescription given to me by a doctor could be an invaluable tool to help me recover and do well in college.  I could buy all the Adderall I want at school but I want doctor supervised so that I don't develop a habit and we can use this tool effectively.  I know I have past using substances and I like the clarity amphetamines give me.  I really want to do well in school.  I have been working with my freshman mentor, attending class, talked to the dean about me struggling and got the GPA requirement for my scholarship lowered a little bit.  I tried tutors but I either forget to go or get really annoyed when I'm there because I understand the work I just tend to forget to do it or complete it when I do remember to start it.  What do you guys think? Should I get tested?  Also in case you didn't pick up on it I'm on 20mg IR Adderall right now.  Took it at 2:15 and it is currently 6:23 before I spell check this on word.  You guys now know about all my amphetamine experiences.  Edit: Wow I wrote a lot, my bad.  If anyone takes the time to actually read this and respond thank you.  Maybe I should not drink coffee anymore.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Slightly buzzed and adhd;;;I was wondering if anyone have the same reaction as me when having a drink or 2. I feel like its so much easier to focus and get my mind on task  ex: writing an essay or text i normally wouldn't get trough without 100 breaks. BUT when I reading it the day after its so many errors but at least the work the work that i have problem get trough done. I don't normal do it or say you should just wondering if someone have the same experience ?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Going without medication;;;I think we can all agree. ADHD sucks. And it sucks orders of magnitude more without medication. My problem is that medication is not an option for me at the present. I'm enlisting in the US Army as of next year, and medication is an absolute no-go with them (it makes sense and I can't blame them. Inconsistent behavior is the last thing you want when you're training people how to use automatic weapons).  I'm hoping that some people here may have gone through the same or similar circumstances, and that you might be able to offer me some advice on how to regulate myself, because honestly, after being on medication for years, I feel like I'm drowning.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Can I have a bit of support, and some perspective advice to help my husband be more mindful?;;;My husband is an only child, so were his parents, and he was sent to boarding schools. Consequently, a lot of his behaviours are conflated Only-Child/ ADD issues, exacerbated by having not been taught. Case in point, his dental hygiene is awful, because he was never really taught how to do it.   We hten have massive issues, because I really want to help him correct these mislearnings, but his adult male pride, ADHD-I, and self-oriented primary concern, mean that he gets very angry, leading to destructive hyperfocus. To stick with the teeth, I once mentioned he had missed a bit, so he ground the brush against his gums until they bled, "because I told him to".   He's also gone away for a weekend long party, and in packing, has left EVERYTHING out of it's places, EVERYWHERE. I had to remove dirty laundry and an empty laundry basket from our bed last night, so I could get to sleep.   How can I sustainably broach problems like this, without causing hostility, so that he can learn to take care of our family?   **TL:DR**- How do we redirect ADHD-I, Only Child Hyperfocus into a wider perspective, so I don't spend my life tidying up after my Husband or arguing about broken things?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Seeking treatment but need advice/long;;;I know there are some posts in this section in a similar vein, but I have some specific hurdles I need advice on. If I knew a better place to turn I would do so.   I have an appointment with a psychiatrist this week. This is the first time I've seen a psychiatrist for ADHD, despite it being an issue for my entire life. I'm going to provide some background information about myself and follow that up with some questions.   Background: I'm in my mid-20's. I was enrolled in a private school in 1st grade. I stayed there for 1 year, at the end of which the school told my parents they suspect I had a learning disability and said I would be better suited in a more structured environment, so I moved to public school. I did not improve at all in public school. I just got by, failed to receive an award from Bill Clinton(he gave them to ~50% of our class for being exemplary, but it hurt to see my friends receive it.)  In middle school I continued having horrible grades. A few of my teachers spoke with me privately and said I had great analytical skills but needed to apply myself. Others just gave me a C or D and assumed I was lazy. In high school I again scraped by. I was put into "organizational workshop" courses, but also recommended for a number of AP courses due to my scores on some types of tests. Still, no treatment.   Then, college came around. I flunked out of my first school, but still, my parents assumed I was lazy. I would get yelled at and insulted, but nothing was done to address the underlying issue. I graduated this past fall, despite beginning college in 2005. I failed many classes at a community college and then the 4-year university I attended.   At this point I should mention that my father is a physician. A patient had left some of their medication with him(concerta) bc it didn't agree with them. I decided to try it out. It seemed to help a lot. I managed to convince my father to obtain a prescription for concerta for me to help finish school. The prescription wasn't in my name, so there is no record of it. What I found was, however, that concerta did not work. It relaxed my mind but it did not seem to have the desired effect. I ended up not taking it. I did manage to obtain some adderall, and this worked wonders for me. I had enough to last me 6 months. I took a consistent dose and it felt much more natural to me. Unfortunately, this was bought from a friend so is not documented. This brings us to today. I am starting a new job soon(and I'm excited about it!) but without adderall I know that things are unlikely to work out. I've gone to great lengths to modify my behaviors and put medication behind me, but it seems to be what holds everything together for me. I have an appointment this week with a psychiatrist, but i have no idea what to say.   **Questions**  Can I tell him that concerta doesn't agree with me? That I prefer adderall? I don't want to come across as a substance abuser, but there are no medical records to support that I've taken these medications.   Sorry for the length. I left out a lot of details out of consideration for your eyes. :)  Tl;DR: Undiagnosed ADHD, seeing psychiatrist, but not sure if I can mention that I've experimented with ADD meds and have an idea of what works for me.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;My parents don't understand my Adhd. I don't know what to do;;;I am a freshman in high school and just this last year,  I was diagnosed with ADHD. Although my parents realize that I have it,  they don't realize how hard schoolwork is for me.  Every time I'm I have a hard time staying focused to do homework,  they always get extremely mad. If I tell them that just simply can't focus because of my Adhd,  they get even more mad and tell me to stop using It as an excuse.  I really need help managing my Adhd but my parents just think it is part of my personality and don't realize that it is a real disorder.  So my question is,  how can I convince my parents that Adhd is real and I need help to manage it?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How does your family handle your ADHD and how do you handle them? [Long];;;I'm 20 years old and have had symptoms of ADHD my entire life. Like everyone always says, I've always been viewed as lazy, uninterested, forgetful, rude...etc. It wasn't until recently that I was formally diagnosed/given a prescription for Adderall (which I've reacted terribly to and am never planning to take again).   My main issue is with my mother and my sister, because even though they have both been around me my entire life, nothing i can say or do will make them understand that I'm not just lazy or attention seeking or whatever. They insist that because  can focus on things like texting that I must be able to focus on everything, I just don't want to do it. I've tried to explain that texting doesn't take much concentration, but nothing I say matters. They always say things like "If you just turn your phone off, you won't be distracted. If you would make lists you wouldn't forget. If you get more sleep you won't daydream. You just don't want to do it." The list goes on and on and I've tried for years to explain why these things didn't work, even tough I've tried them all, but I never had a reason to back it up. Since I got a formal diagnosis, they are just as bad as ever. Now they accept that I have a disorder, but refuse to apply it to why I have problems with certain aspects of life. "Yeah, you have ADHD but that doesn't excuse your time management"  We have fought every day for the last week. On top of having a horrible reaction to the Adderall (which I've stopped taking) I also haven't been getting any sleep (probably also adderall) and I'm just at my wits end. I try to talk to them, but they just shut me out. They say they don't want to hear any more of my "rambling". My mom's favorite is to tell me: "If you don't stop acting like this no one will ever want to be around you." They also like to remind me how this is *SO* much harder on them because they have to listen to me all the time.   I don't have anybody else to talk to. I don't like talking to my friends about these things because I feel like it's too personal, but I can't talk to my family either. Only my dad will ever take even a small amount of time to listen to me but he gets fed up too. I understand their frustration, I truly do, because I am completely sick of having to deal with myself too. I know it's hard on them. What they don't understand is that we don't think the same way, so what works for them doesn't work for me. I don't want their advice or their opinions. I just want someone to listen to me and let me vent without reminding me how horrible I am to be around. I'm going to set up an appointment with my shrink and my mother. Hopefully if she hears it from him she might finally understand, but until then I don't know what to do. It'll probably be more than three months from now.   Is there anything that I can do for now to help with this, aside from not talking about it? I try to avoid it, but they keep showing up with little pieces of advice that don't help. How does your family handle you and what do you do to get them to understand?  Thank you so much for reading this.   PS.  I only took the adderall twice, but both times the come up (?) made me extremely anxious, then I would feel stoned/giddy for a while, then the comedown makes me horribly, horrible depressed. Today once it wore off I spent two hours laying in bed crying and the rest of the night feeling too heavy to move. Is there any medicine out there that helps concentration but isn't so rough? This is the first time in a year I've finished all of my school assignments, but I'm not willing to trade grades for these side effects.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Psychiatrist insists I DON'T have ADHD.;;; I had been seeing a pretty nice psychologist for about an year who had been helping me cope with my ADHD and social anxiety (without meds). At some point, the anxiety completely spiraled out of control and he referred me to a psychiatrist. After the first visit, she said she was convinced what I was dealing with was purely anxiety and she put me on fluoxetine 20mgs. She soon increased my dosage to 40mgs and we've sustained that for the past 5 months.  The anxiety *melted* away, it was unbelievable! I could hold my own in conversations without second and third guessing myself. Wasn't frightened on the inside at work all day, which reflected dramatically on my productivity and was just an all around Godsend. After a while, I hit a plateau. I wasn't perpetually nervous/anxious anymore, but I still wasn't optimally productive. I'd still while away hours and hours on my computer with up to 60 tabs open at a time, still put away tasks till I got indirectly threathened with being fired at work, still procrastinate, procrastinate, procrastinate and still have issues with prioritising tasks (my direct supervisor's bane, he gets mad about how I turn in completed work that's low-priority, and voluntarily take on new projects, when projects that are MUCH more pressing are pending) and all these other issues that have been manifesting in different ways, for as long as I can remember.   Now, my psychiatrist has been reluctant to prescribe any meds because she is convinced I don't have ADHD, she feels ADHD is a 'fashionable diagnosis' for intellectuals, she is reluctant to prescribe Strattera because she says its a stimulant and is addictive (without Ritalin's bad 'side effects' which is why people always 'ask for it be prescribed') and pretty much would start shaking her head each time I mentioned my symptoms, like she didn't believe me. I've brought my ADHD up 3 times when getting my anxiety prescription refilled and, after the 2nd time, put it out of my mind and tried to act neurotypical for some months until I just... couldn't anymore and asked a third time on my most recent visit. She's still not convinced and won't budge an inch.   What should my next step be?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How to Manage Your Smartest, Strangest Employee;;;http://blogs.hbr.org/2012/07/how-to-manage-your-smartest-st/  If that had a less presumptuous title (something like "How to Manage an Outlier"), I would totally send it to my boss. It might as well be titled "How to Manage Your ADHD Employee".   Wonderful article.   By the way, do we have any other reADHDitors who are in HR?   p.s. Do people here say reADHDitors? (like they do in the sidebar)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Curious about careers;;;I know everybidy has their niche when it comes to their career and adhd. However im still trying to find mine on average I have 2-3 jobs a year prior to working with verizon wireless a personal best 37 months. Till some bad directions got me in trouble. Manager told us to do something and my hyperfocus took it and blew it up to proportions they couldnt see coming. 20-50 line deals. Anyway my question comes with the computer science people in mind. I cant do monotony but everybody says it woeks well for them. Ive tried learning a programming language but I get a few chapters in and it get boring. Do you find these things monotonus and how do you cope... also with regards to a precios post abouy information overload where I learn everything I can about a subject as fast as I can. Once I become, in my head an "expert" I get bored with said subject really quick. I.e. I started back to school for building construction and now im getting bored with the classes because of my absorption of information leaving me "knowing it" any ideas to help would be great. My next endeavor is joinging the navy which was always a dream of mine growing up from age 7 till I broke my ankle senior year of high school and killed my enlistment options at the time. I have no formal diagnosis of my adhd and going into the military im not going to get it. Ill just learn to cope with my issues one day at a time.  Tl; dr cant stand monotony in my jobs. Get bored with subjects quick. Thinking following my dreams of enlisting in the navy might be my best choice.  Thanks
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I'm so sick of getting terrible marks despite my large efforts.;;;This is more of a vent. I have been diagnosed with ADHD since the age of 12 and have been medicated since. I started my undergrad in 2007 and abruptly stopped in 2010 as a result of an existential criss. I resumed in 2011, and have not been able to penetrate above a 78 mark. I work my ass off, and still don't do well.  Today, broke my resilience towards these marks. I got a 63 on a paper I worked my ass off on, and felt confident towards. I do poorly whether I take my medication or not.  I'm so sick of it all I want to do is cry but i'm in a class right now. I'm finished my undergrad finally in December. I just want to drop out again. This is no use for my future, this is just destroying my self esteem. I want to excel at something. My best friend is in law school, she is getting straight A's while I study the same time as her and get C+s - B-'s. I can't handle this anymore. There is no winning. What is the point of my medication, it's making me dull and I never want to see my friends. My therapist has done jack shit for my condition, healthy eating doesn't help, I just want a solution and finish school.  :(
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Meds/Diagnosis changed my life, and so did you all;;;Thanks for all of the help here and information here.  Since self diagnosing, researching here, and eventually getting a real diagnosis which led to medication (which changed a few times) I am at a point in my life where I feel like my options are limitless.  It's been about 5 months but I have a renewed desire to learn and succeed. I went from doing very poorly at my job, unable to focus well even on my hobbies which interest me, and struggling to develop any other skill to being in line for a promotion, interviewing at a top 5 software engineering company for a dream position, and most importantly seeing me develop and learn skills every day. Most days I feel the same as I did when I saw the list of majors a college offered and thought omg I can do whatever I want.  Anyway just a random thanks post and to urge people to take control of the problems they have. Even if Meds aren't the answer for you, do it. On days when I don't take meds simply knowing my weak areas I am able to accomplish my goals better than prediagnosis. Cheers
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Recently diagnosed with ADHD. Tips?;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD about 4 months ago. I am a freshman in college, so it was a pretty late diagnosis. I've always done extremely well on standardized tests, ACT, etc. I scored a 30 on the ACT without even knowing about my ADHD. However, I have always had really bad grades in school. I graduated high school with under a 2.5 gpa. Probably closer to 2 if I'm honest with myself. I'm on aderall but I had to switch psychiatrists so I have been on 10mg for awhile. I dont think it even helps anymore. I was hoping that the diagnosis would help me out a bit. It hasn't changed anything. I still miss appointments and meetings. I still barely get by or just fail classes. I still feel like a piece of shit. I don't understand how people can do well in school with ADHD. Sorry for the rant, back to the point. Does anyone have any tips for me to start doing well in my classes? At this point, I would be happy if I just don't fail out of school after this semester. Thanks for reading!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;So, I'm consistently failing to turn in work on time/at all, and I feel stuck (Warning: wall of text);;;Fourth semester of College. Each semester, my GPA drops. I'd always planned on getting into grad school, but at this point I don't think that's ever going to happen, because I can't even make up my mind on what to major in and my family is running out of money and even if I COULD afford more college my GPA is so bad I can't think of a grad school that would take me. And because I keep doing poorly, each semester i take on a lighter courseload, and tell my parents I'll get a job, and they tell me not to so I can focus on my studies, and then I try and explain that it's not that I don't have TIME to study, it's that I don't use my time well, so getting a job won't change anything, but I don't think they get what I'm saying.  Anyway, this semester I'm only taking 3 classes. Biology (the supposedly hardest class), the lab that goes with it, the discussion section (which is a separate class, for some reason), organic chemistry lab (I dropped it last semester), and a humanities credit.   Earlier this semester, I fucked up in Orgo Lab for a while, and for about 3 weeks I just DIDN'T do the lab reports. At all. I put them off too much and tried to start them 20 minutes before lab, which obviously didn't pan out, since it takes me 30 minutes to get into the focusing zone. One of them I had LITERALLY already done last semester, before I dropped the class. I already knew the correct answers. It was a free 20 points. Didn't do it. But I got that pretty much under control now.  In my Bio Lab, we had to run a lab report. It was a big thing, 10 pages or so, so we got REPEATED reminders every lab for 3 weeks leading up to it. I started at 6 pm the night before, when the lab starts at 8 am. I didn't even get past methodology. I meant to finish it right after lab ended, and then email it to the TA, but I didn't. It's been almost a week now. I haven't touched it.  I'm failing ethnomusicology. There's only 2 graded assignments: both essays. The first one, I had to interview a friend about a band he likes, and write a 2 page paper about his identity within that musical subculture. Pulled an all-nighter, got almost nothing done, skipped discussion (where I would have handed it in) partially out of shame, and partially because I have chem lab the same day and I NEED to sleep if I'm gonna be handling hazardous chemicals. That was for the rough draft. Next week, same thing happened with the final draft. Week after that, I found out that the absolute deadline was 11:59 pm that sunday night. I MEANT to start chipping away at 12 pm. But that turned to 2 pm, which turned to 4 pm, which turned to 6 pm, when I actually started. At 9 my roommate walked in to see how I was doing. I had read through 3 articles looking for sources, found them all irrelevant, and written absolutely nothing. The article I was reading when he walked in wasn't even related to my paper, and I knew it. I just couldn't stop reading it, and I felt overwhelmed because I couldn't figure out how to organize my paper. So he sat with me and helped me sketch out a rough outline in a few minutes, then literally forced me to keep writing for 3 hours straight. By 11:59, I had a paper that was garbled and disorganized, without proper citations, and only half the required length. I emailed it (to the wrong TA), saying that I'd email the rest by 1 am. I was actually so stressed out from having to write so much without being able to rewrite or rearrange that I was physically trembling. It took me until 1 am just to calm down. I got a thing back from the TA, saying that a deadline is a deadline, so it's a 0.  Today is the due date for my final paper. We had to go to a concert/performance, and then write about how the artist expresses their identity in their performance. We've known about it literally all semester. The teacher has been repeatedly telling us to go to a concert BEFORE April, so that we'll have plenty of time for the essay. So what did I do? I put off picking a concert until this past week, by which point my only option was one on Saturday, leaving me Sunday to write a 7 page paper. Last day for dropping a class was last Monday. That's actually when I finally talked to my TA about the trouble I was having with the assignments, because I wasn't sure I could do the final essay and I was thinking of dropping the class. She told me that there's nothing I could do about the first essay, because I'm only bringing it up now, a month after it was due, and I was just gonna have to power through on Sunday. I honestly didn't think it would work out, because I have a history of not being able to do what she was telling me to do, but I didn't know how to explain it to her without sounding whiny or getting emotional, so I just left. Besides, I'm taking so few classes this semester that I'm part time, where you pay by the credit, so if I dropped the class I'd have wasted 2,000 dollars.It's 7 am on Monday morning, I just finished pulling an all-nighter. Wanna guess whether I finished the paper? Hint: I wrote 1/2 a page, double spaced.  I don't know what to do. Part of me wishes I could ask for an extension or something, but there's no good reason for that. I did this to myself. And if I DID get an extension, all that would happen is that I'd procrastinate until the night before the NEW deadline. I don't want to get excused for this, I want this to stop happening. But I don't think it ever will. I've been trying to get better about this for years, and it's only gotten worse. I'm on meds. They help with a lot of things, I don't fall asleep from holding still for more than 15 minutes anymore, but I'm not sure if they're making this writing problem better or worse. And I don't even know if the problem is the ADHD or just me being lazy, or something else.  Part of me knows that I should have asked the TA or the teacher for more help, but I always procrastinate on these things so badly that I can't talk to them. And besides, every time I've tried to ask for help from a teacher, or my schools' learning assistance center, or the writing center, it does jack shit. Besides, I don't like asking teachers for help. They always tell me that I'm clearly smart, the assignment isn't that hard, I'll be fine. I don't know how to make them understand that what's easy for most people isn't easy for me. I can do calculus easily. I slept through most of Calc 3, never read the textbook, never did practice problems, studied for 2 hours before the final exam and got one of the only A's. But planning out which concert to go to, and when, and how to get there, and then actually going? Asking someone if I can interview them, and planning out questions to ask, and writing it all down, and remembering what questions I was going to ask, and finding a way to ask them, and then remembering to write down all the answers? That's hard. That's really hard for me.  I'm technically registered with the DSS, but I never discussed it with my teachers. The lady at the front desk always tells me I've done SOMETHING wrong (forgot to bring my files, didn't set the appointment, came to the appointment on the wrong day). I mean, she's not mean about it, but she intimidates me. Besides, I can't think of anything I'd get out of accommodations. I don't want extended test time, or a private testing room, or a notetaker. And that's pretty much all they can give me.  I just don't know what to do. Part of me wants to use having ADHD to try and get an extension or exception and rescue my semester. Part of me wants to take the failure, and just keep going at it until I get it right. Part of me wants to not come back next semester, maybe ever.  Any advice? Sorry if this is all kinda jumbled. No sleep, remember?  TLDR: keep fucking up every time I have a written assignment. Screwing over my GPA, and I don't know how to handle the situation. Help?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Started working 9-6... losing a crazy amount of weight.;;;So I started a new job and I LOVE it, works perfectly with my ADHD.   The issue is that I have to get up at 6:30 everyday and don't have time for an actual breakfast so I grab a granola bar. On top of that I don't every remember / have time to / have the food to make a lunch. (I am in college on a work experience for 6 months, i am 3 weeks in) On top of thaaat I take vyvance and am never even hungry during the day.  By the time I am hungry it is usually 7pm and for some reason, even when I am hungry, I have no appetite.   So some nights a eat a good solid meal and other times I just sort of pick at my food.  My walk to the train station is about a mile and from the station to work is about another mile up hill, than i do the reverse on the way back. So that is about 4 miles a day.   I have lost 15-20lbs in the 3 weeks and than gain like 5-10 back over the weekend and loose 5-10 over the week.   What the hell should i do O_o my body doesnt like the way I am treating it..
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Saw a doctor today for; Head Trauma, Sleep Apnea, ADHD-PI Referral, Severe week long headache + Vent about family;;;My whole life I was guilted about needing to go to a doctor. It costs money. My family lives paycheck to paycheck, and I was frequently scolded for "always being sick".  FYI, my parents are both Verbally and Emotionally abusive. My father was physically abusive until I grew a foot taller than him. My mother is still Emotionally and Verbally abusive whenever we speak.  So today I said fuck it. I'm going to see a doctor about EVERYTHING that's wrong with me. Here's what we looked at! ________  * **Giant dent in my skull;** I was hit extremely hard by a metal object as a child and I believe it fractured my skull. My parents took me home to sleep, I slept for 24 hours and **could not be woken up** -- I now believe I had a mini coma.  My doctor was very worried about the giant dent in my skull and sought immediate X-Rays -- I have an appointment Friday Morning.  * **Referral for ADHD-PI;** I was diagnosed and paid out of pocket but ran out of money.  Insurance covered me now. This referral is still going through. Finally steps taken to getting back on track with a psychiatrist.  * **Referral for Sleep Apnea;** I was told I have a million of the symptoms including one on the extreme end of the scale -- My heart will periodically stop beating while sleeping for upwards of 15 seconds. When a sleep study doctor heard this she nearly shat bricks and said "Seek immediate medical help".  Referral should be ready Monday! Very excited for this.  * **5 day long headache with cough;**   This was my original and only reason for going in today... Go figure.  _____  Don't let people bully you into not seeking medical help. I've been injured more than a few times and my parents refused to take me to the doctor/hospital fearing bills.  I got a major accident and injured my head further, this was a large reason for getting the dent in my skull looked at. Immediately upon telling my mother she burst into a yelling fit of **"It's not my fault, don't blame me"**.  Because of my accident I have no vehicle at the moment i'm relying upon her for rides. When I told her I need x-rays for head/brain trauma she refused to drive me because she **"didn't care"**. It's apparently **"Enough that i'm taking you to the chiropractor for your accident, you're ruining my car"**.  My moms 2008 honda &gt; Her sons mental health and wellbeing. Really won the lottery with my family.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I was tested for ADHD a month ago. Went to the doctor today for the results. I'm very confused.;;;I was diagnosed as a kid with the non-hyper version of ADHD (is ADD still a thing?).  Anyway, I've been on various medications all my life until I became an adult and was dropped from my mom's insurance.  I decided that I had a pretty good handle on my ADHD so I decided against shopping around for insurance myself.  A couple months after that, I got fired for repeatedly making mistakes (I worked in a laboratory environment) and I have had trouble holding down jobs for the past several years.  I now have a job as a security guard where I basically just sit in a room all day and do nothing.  Since I don't really do anything, I've been able to keep my job for about a year and a half now.  I have most of the classical symptoms.  I can't concentrate on details, I get bored super easily, I'm disorganized, I'm forgetful, I can't pay attention in conversations, daydreaming, fidgeting, etc.  Anyway, I got insurance for myself finally, so I was excited to be put back on medication so I can go get a "real job" that requires some responsibility.    Last month, I got tested for ADHD.  There were various tests.  I had to draw lines to distinguish patterns, there was a computer test where I had to press the spacebar each time a letter flashed on the screen (unless the letter was X), and a huge 100 question questionnaire.  I feel like there was a couple other things but I can't remember.  Anyway, today I went in for my results.  According to my results, I do things slower than I should for my age, but the results don't indicate that I have ADHD.  I'm so incredibly bummed out because they didn't even offer an alternative diagnosis.  They did say that they believe I have major depression, but that I have it very well under control and they don't believe pharmaceuticals are necessary at this time.  *Something* is obviously wrong with me since everything went to hell after I went off of my medication.  I guess I just really needed to vent. Anyway, has anyone else had similar experiences?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Now that I know more about adhd, I noticed it SO much today;;;So earlier this year I dropped out of high school because despite my grades being fine, I was sick of projects/homework/studying stressing me out and making me sleep-deprived, since I could never focus on them unless I waited until after midnight.  Earlier today I was taking half of my GED test, and it included  a section with reading and comprehending stories/documents etc, and then math. When I was trying to read the text, I *constantly* had to reread sentences because I was always getting distracted by songs stuck in my head, birds outside, the sound of the fan in the room, and the sound of people near me clicking their mouses (mice?). Also, I noticed how much I was fidgeting in my chair. Thankfully it was a chair that could spin so that helped.  As I was busing home I started playing a game on my phone but then I stopped when I realized that my phone kept going on standby (where the brightness gets very low after you don't press anything for 30 or so seconds, not sure if it's actually called standby). It wasn't because I was falling asleep or anything, I was wide awake, and I just realized that I'd rather stare out the window and let my mind wander.  That's all. I've just been really happy since I started thinking I have adhd because I can hopefully get it treated and focus on things and be productive :D I'll be really surprised if I don't get diagnosed with it... I'll probably find a second opinion from someone who specializes in adhd in adults in that case
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;My ADHD story;;;Hi, I'm 14 new to this sub, I was always a very rambunctious child and was VERY impulsive this led my parents to think I had ADHD and they were right. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 10 years old and thought that It would let me get away with stuff. But, I failed to realize when people figure out you have ADHD they think you are "ab-normal" or "less than good" but when the mean names and shit get to you they hit hard. I'm very open about it but it backfires a lot. I was not the popular kid and I just realized the only reason why like me at school is because I'm funny and weird but other than that I never Hangout with anyone outside of school. I went to a psychiatrist and she helped but then I was needed to be put on medication about the same time I went to middle school my mom informed them of my ADHD but some of them had the oh so famous argument we all hear "ADHD is just an excuse to be a bad kid" one teacher I had all throughout middle school was always trying to humiliate me because of it and I always stayed quiet and cowered. In seventh grade I thought " if this bitch wants to treat me like a bad kid then I'll be the worst bad kid to her ever." so that's what I did I made her life he'll just like she did to me I humiliated her on her weight as payback and she seemed to stop so I stopped then I entered eight grade and all of the teachers heard of that situation and did not say anything about it. Today I have graduated eight grade and am happy to be moving from that shithole I'm Hoping it gets better other than worse from here but you never know. Sorry but I had to vent all of this stuff somewhere.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I dont know if I should help my sister or not with her ADHD;;;My mom, sister, and i have adhd. my mom is getting diagnosed officially so she can get medication and I am diagnosed &amp; medication. My sister is neither. I feel bad for her because she doesnt know the limitations that ADHD is giving her. I am 100% confident that she wont go far in life because of it.  ....but, she is a total bitch. Every word that leaves her mouth makes me envy the deaf. She is not a good person and, even considering she has ADHD, her attitude is fucking awful. All she does is complain and say bad things about other people. She treats my mom like trash and in the past when I have yelled at her for talking to her like that, she starts crying and going ballistic. I know its in our nature to be sensitive, but everything is extreme with her.  My mom cant do anything do to personal reasons and my dad doesnt have time to think about whats good for his children so I feel like its my responsibility to at least make her aware that she has ADHD in the sense that I want to help everybody with ADHD. But personally I dont want anything to do with her so idk what to do.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Same mistakes weeks after weeks. Worried about my future.;;;I am sorry if this post ends up incomprehensible, I have so much on my mind.   I was diagnosed and put on Ritalin during high school I attend a university now. Not failing any classes but nothing to be proud of.   Thing is, I could do so much better, not because I believe that I am smarter than my grades reflect but because I don't really spend my time on tasks that are important.  For example I had an assignment due earlier this week but instead of working on it this whole week I spend my free time doing things like:  Setting up openvpn server on lowend VMs and comparing the performance.  Looking up how to take apart and clean a air con unit.  And god knows what else, in the end I have nothing to account for what I did this whole week and the one before that and so on.  I won't even mention the hours of reddit and porn.  Same goes for my work, I do freelance work to pay for school and constantly find myself failing deadlines.  I thought it was because I had 2-3 projects/clients at a time so I cut back to doing 1 personal project and one client's at a time. But I am still finding myself in the middle of the night realizing I spent hours in front of my computer doing everything but what I was supposed to do.  One of my clients a redditor has been very understanding with me but I am so ashamed of myself because I keep missing deadlines.  TBH these odd urges to learn new things has taught me a lot of different skills, but what's the point of being a jack of many trades when I can't do anything real.   As much as I love what I do, I dont think I can ever have a successful career.   TLDR; Can't stop wasting my time learning random new things, addicted to porn and television. Depressed every night before bed. Wakeup to repeat same cycle.  Chances of ending up homeless after uni, 100℅.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Started taking Vyvanse 30mg on Thurs. and it worked great, has no effect since. sos.;;;[hello, i'm completely new to posting on reddit, so if i screw anything up im sorry.] Anyway! My doctor prescribed me 3 medications on Wednesday 18 June to take daily: Vyvanse 30mg (ADHD), Buspirone 5mg (Anxiety), Trazodone 50mg (PTSD/Nightmares 'n' sh*t).  I am a 17yo, 5'7", female and weigh in the 145-160lbs range (got that chub chub). I am an almost vegan (vegetarian who strays away from milk and cheese and eggs as much as possible cause it just tastes bad a lot of the time idk) and i have a very fast metabolism. i also have an iron deficiency [its not /that/ bad but still, yeah..].  I take the Vyvanse and Buspirone in the morning and then Trazodone and Buspirone at night.   Wednesday night i took the Buspirone and Trazodone and immediately noticed the effects of the Buspirone and slept very well that night.  Thursday morning i ate a bagel w cream cheese and took the Buspirone and the Vyvanse 30mg at around 10 am and the Vyvanse did not begin to kick in until around 12-1pm. I felt very motivated and energetic and got a lot of things done that had needed to be done for weeks. I applied for two jobs, cleaned the house, and settled college orientation issues AND i still managed to go out to eat with friends. All throughout though i barely ate all day and spoke really fast and talked a lot and felt like my hands were shaking (like drinking a gallon of coffee at once) but they were steady the whole time The effects began to wear off at around 7-8pm and fully wore off at around 9-10pm. I then took the Trazodone and Buspirone at around 10pm but i did not sleep all night.   the next day (Friday) i did the same routine but at 7am, and i had my freshman college orientation that morning and all day on no sleep at all. I was hoping the effects would kick in at around 9am, an hour into the orientation, but nothing happened... the whole day. I spoke to a lot of people and made a lot of friends but i think that was because of the Busprione. I found myself doodling on papers throughout this long 3 hour assembly from many of the faculty (aka death). and i really could not focus on anything, especially when trying to explain things and idk. I finally slept that night but went to bed really late.   Today (Saturday), i did the daily routine again at around 10am and NOTHING HAPPENED AGAIN. whyyyy!? :c  TL;DR: Vyvanse 30mg was prescribed to me for ADHD &amp; ADD and it worked amazing my first day (wednesday) and has not worked at all thurs, fri, sat. someone help.    [[Personally, my system clears incredibly fast from any drug; legal or not.  story time: I was placed on an informal probation a few months ago for possession of marijuana* and the two weeks before i got on it i smoked and abused high doses of vicodin* everyday for those two weeks. even the night of the day before. that day my probation officer piss tests me and they're all like "i know its not going to be clean dont cry blah blah blah" (lol) so i did it. and the next time i came in they dont me it came back clean. im sorry but what?? i do drink a lot of water daily but even so.... but i dont know if this would have anything to do with the vyvanse situation but i feel like i would. idk...]]   did my body just get tolerant to it that fast or does it just go in and right out or idk. any help would be amazing. and highly appreciated. ty
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Do I just straight up ask my doc for a much-needed higher dosage (Adderall)?;;;(F/22) I've been on Adderall 20mg with a 5mg "evening booster" for as long as I  can remember, which has been most of the 3 years I've been diagnosed. I first started on 10mg but wasn't on that more than a couple months.    **Now let me just lay this out: I am as fond of my psychiatrist as I am of getting food poisoning. Not much at all.**  I started going to him originally because he was downtown (centralized college town) and I didn't have a car yet to drive to see anyone else. He was convenient. I mentioned a year or so ago that I thought I may need a higher dosage for x and y reasons, his response: "You haven't been on it long enough yet for that to happen". When I told him Adderall made me jittery and smoke near a pack of cigs a day, so I wanted to switch meds to feel healthier, his response "Well, none of that sounds good." **NO SHIT!**   When I told him I was depressed, though, he was scarily quick to throw a Prozac Rx my way, which I stopped almost as fast. He makes me feel like a junkie/ashamed to voice my opinion asking for a higher Adderall dose after 3 years, oh and how many goddamn times do I have to say "Anxiety is my real problem" thru the months for him to finally try me on an anxiety medication?   Since all this guy is good for is writing my prescriptions right now until I find &amp; get into a better psychiatrist, should I just straight up say "My medication is not working. I need a higher dosage, as well as something for the anxiety that's been ruining my life" or will he just write me nothing, then? He's a sweet old Indian dude, just totally oblivious to being a good psychiatrist. In 2 weeks I have my next appointment...what to do?    **TL; DR: Can I just blatantly ask my POS psychiatrist of 3 yrs for a specific higher mg dose &amp; for anxiety meds? Been ignored in past visits for "beating around the bush" about what I wanted.**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Rubifen vs Novartis?;;;I have been taking the brand rubifen for several months, with benefits and also some bad side effects. I get really odd episodes when the medication wears off, to the point that I have thought it is psychosis.   I am regularly experiencing a feeling of extreme detachment and surrealism, like the reality I'm experiencing is coloured/flavoured somehow, and my normal mind/self isn't me, like it's been put to sleep and replaced temporarily with a really weird unpleasant drone. The whole "experience" can wear off in minutes, I feel myself returning to a 'normal reality', and I suddenly become aware and feel relieved that I can think my own thoughts again. I don't have any visual or auditory hallucinations during the 'episode', more like a hallucination of my sense of reality.  A family member of mine recently also started ADD medication, but of Novartis brand. I was under the assumption that they are the exact same thing, but we have the same doctor so I was puzzled as to why the doctor would give us different brands. I was expecting that he (family member) would begin to experience similar weird side effects as me during the come-down from the meds, but he appears to be completely unaffected in the way that I am.   I have read online that there are some differences between brand name Ritalin and variants such as Rubifen, but haven't found much solid information in the difference in side effects.   Has anyone here had experience with both medications? What differences in side effects did you have? Have you ever experienced the weird side effect I tried to describe? I will be seeing my doctor soon for advice.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;X-POST from /r/subredditanalysis Drilldown of /r/adhd users june 2014. AKA we are a diverse, interesting and random tribe;;;http://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditAnalysis/comments/27m8px/radhd_drilldown_june_2014/  I had requested the guy who does subreddit analysis if he could do one on /r/adhd, and he did it 2 weeks ago. I admit I had forgotten until know but still...  If you look at the subreddits we are all active on, it pretty much spells "yep, that's ADHD for you."   TD;LR: I don't know if this breaks the rules because I forgot to check (sorry mods). But look! The link is about ADHD and who we as a subreddit are. It's cool and shiny
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Meditation, ADHD, rant;;;About a month ago I upped my meditation and was hit with a lot of anxiety. I backed off from 30min 2 x day, to 15min 2 x day. This helped. Over the past month I have noticed I am stagnating, my practice does not seem to improve, my work and goals are suffering.  I recently started reading about ADHD and I can identify with so many of the issues. While I read and I identify, I tell myself "Is this the "new" thing to put my focus on ?". It seems like I am in a giant "thought loop"(term I learned from psychedelic users,,defined as a repeated pattern of thought, can be both short term ex) 3 seconds, or long term ex) every 2 weeks). My thought loop would be defined as having to constantly shift my focus of main interest. While I can devote adequate attention to these new things, my mind is 90% distracted all day at work. 1 out of 10 hours I would say I am in the "zone".  ADHD, alcoholism, depression, etc are all these labels that we created. We seek out what our "problems" are and hold onto the label, making it part of our "identity", whatever that means.  In short, is this ADHD nothing more than another distraction ?  EDIT:  I want to add that I am not downplaying ADHD, as someone posted in /r/mediation.  I also want to point out that some people would not be able to sit for 15 minutes with ADHD.  I can sit still easily, however it is my mind jumping around every 3-5 seconds that gets tiresome.  also posted in /r/meditation
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;FASCINATING Note Taking &amp; Coping Mechanisms from a woman with Asperger's;;;Some background: I'm a (female) project manager, and so is she, and we're both relatively well established at our company. I met her at an all day class we had to take.  As soon as she sat down she announced to the instructor, whom she knew, that she was "personalizing" her table tent name tag. She put a little sticker on it.  I said "Do you always carry stickers around with you?" And she said, "I do. I take notes like a five year old!"  I asked her what she meant, and she brought her notebook over to show me. It was really wild in a wonderful way. She uses crayons to mark headings and emphasize things. She has a buttload of stickers like "Wow!" and fruits and such, and she's categorized how she uses them.   Stuff she has to pay attention to later has a "WOW!" sticker next to it. She showed me how she differentiates days in her notebook, by putting an apple sticker next to a new day's worth of notes. "You know, like an apple a day..." she said.  She writes on Post-It notes and then puts them in the notebook, using stickers on the bottom corners to keep them in place.  I asked her how she came up with this, and that's when she told me she had Asperger's and when she was a child her parents sent her to a tutor or specialist who taught her how to take notes creatively to keep her focused. I couldn't help but wonder if maybe my parents had done the same thing I'd be as good at taking notes as she is.  She said her desk looks like an elementary school exploded but you know what? She keeps great notes and can keep track of her stuff!  I was at WalMart this weekend and got caught up in the back to school section. [I found a packet of her stickers there, something like 1500 for a few bucks.](http://imgur.com/Whgdlub) I bought one for myself and another one to give her on Monday.   She's also inspired me to get back into coloring mandalas. I meant to do it meditatively but I hated crayons. She told me about watercolor pencils so I bought some at WalMart and [this is what I've done so far this weekend.](http://imgur.com/WtlD2zZ)  Does any of this help ADHD? Maybe, maybe not, but I can't help but feel that working to unleash the creativity that I had to squash as a kid in order to become an adult might help make me happier...  Just wanted to share!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Recently diagnosed, having a hard time keeping up with classes as a full time student. Would it be bad if I got a full time job and started taking classes for my degree part time?;;;School has been really stressing me out lately. I got diagnosed 3 weeks ago as having very severe ADD, it had gone undiagnosed until I was nearly 22. I struggled immensely on a full-time schedule, passing some classes and failing others, stubbornly retaking several that I had failed just to keep moving forward before I took a medical leave for a year and got diagnosed.         I left my 4 year school with transfer credits, am getting a 2 year degree in chemistry as either a means to an end for me to start a job as a Histology Tech after enrolling in a cert program, or a decent starting point if I change my mind in the future. As it stands I really want to be done with school though. I hate it. I know I will like being a Histology Tech because I was doing that job as part of a research group in my 4 year degree and loved it, so I am really trying to make it there. I am mostly done, just have a sequence of physics, chemistry and calculus left to graduate.      These classes are obviously math-intensive and take an immense amount of concentration and tutoring for me to succeed in. I passed calculus already, but I am taking it again because that was 2 years ago. It is still just as hard relearning it as the first time. Still, I take it as consolation that I can succeed in this degree path as long as I go forward correctly.       Anyways, I have been finding increasingly that I do sub-par when I combine these classes in my schedule, even with medication. I just don't feel like I have enough time to properly address the work needed for each class. I pass some classes while failing others, when I could have simply broken up my course and done much better on the courses I barely passed. This pattern of failure tanks my self-esteem and gives me intense anxiety. I have been pressured to stay full-time by my parents, and also because I have Tricare which goes away once I stop being a full-time student.    But I really believe I would be happier if I was allowed to find a full time job, get a shitty one room apartment, hopefully pick up a different health insurance, and tackle these classes one at a time while taking out student loans. I have no loans so far, so I do have that going for me. Is this a realistic thought process and plan, though?       I worked tedious full time jobs minimum wage jobs over previous summers, and do not find work overwhelming. It is just my classes that I struggle managing time for, organizing for, studying for and retaining information for. I am seriously starting to doubt I will be able to graduate continuing as I am. I am miserable in college as things stand, and some days being so far set back in terms of graduation from my same-aged friends despite being full-time makes me damn near suicidal. (I do talk to people for that, merely thought it was relevant emotional information to share).    Looking for help and advice for my situation, even if it isn't what I want to hear.      Edit: I also feel it relevant to add that before going on medication I tried other coping mechanisms. I went to presentations about organized study habits offered from my college, and went through a course of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for anxiety and ADD and coping with that through school. I still feel overwhelmed going full time though, even with those coping mechanisms coupled with medication. I am also on 10mg extended release, though with midterms I  have been taking half of a 10mg instant release in the afternoons (broken up into two doses, for a total of 5 mg instant. One quarter then the other in 2-4 hours) and am feeling better.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I was recently re-diagnosed with ADHD, but I don't meet any of the classical criteria. Thoughts?;;;I was recently rediagnosed with ADHD as a result of a neuro-cognitive battery of tests (assessing such things as Working Memory, etc). According to my physician, the results were consistent with a diagnosis of ADHD. I was then put on stimulant medication.  However, though the results of the battery were consistent with ADHD, I am certain that I do not display any of the classical criteria for the disorder.   Can you guys help me sort through this?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Flunked college, any hope of second chances?;;;19/F, had full scholarship to state college  1st semester: got 2 poor grades due to tardiness &amp; procrastination  2nd semester: found out I would probably lose scholarship -&gt; got depressed -&gt; didn't go to class -&gt; stayed in dorm all day sleeping and wasting time -&gt; didn't withdraw so I failed all 4 classes  This summer: got diagnosed w/ ADHD-PI, put on meds, seem to be improving  Had given up and was going to attend community college  Step mother wants me to write appeal to college for another chance or write a letter to other colleges to give me a chance  What do I do? Is this even a valid case for appealing? I was in the nursing program...so it's not so easy to just get back in or get into another (good) nursing program....  **If you have failed college before, what did you do? Is there anyway of getting a second chance?**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;That overwhelming feeling when finally, things start to click;;;Well, I can't say things are perfect. But for once in my life, I'm happy. It just seems like things are coming into place.  My meds help me stay focused  I'm happier, and a bit more confident in myself   It's just incredibly overwhelming. I was only diagnosed this year, but my whole life I knew there was something off. I just felt different. And to finally have things coming into place? Shit. I cry just thinking about this. I can't even hold my composure if I think about how far I've come.   If anyone is still struggling to get their meds figured out, hang in there. I've been through some seriously hard times, but I'm glad to say I'm seeing things get better.   Sorry I don't have much else to offer in this post. I just wanted to share my feelings, most people don't understand when I tell them how much better I'm doing now.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Dating someone with ADD/ADHD: give me some tips for doing this well;;;I've started dating this amazing girl who is diagnosed with ADD; the way she describes it is that she "slows down", like her mind will just drift, rather than being overstimulated by a hundred things.    (I haven't been close with someone who's diagnosed before, so I'm really new to everything I'm learning.  Please correct me if I say something wrong.)  She's on medication and functions extremely well (good grades, grad school professors love her, successful at her job, etc), but I'm wondering how her diagnosis might affect us as a couple in the long term.  I'm looking for tips on what I can do both to be supportive to her, AND any relationship pitfalls I should know to recognize as the disorder.  For example:  she's incredibly attentive when we're in the same city, but when she's out of town, her communication style varies widely.  Sometimes I'll get 6 Snapchats from her in a row, or have hour-long text conversations.  Sometimes I don't hear from her for almost all day.  This is new for me; I'm used to more consistent patterns of communication.  It occurred to me last night that maybe this is part of the disorder.  Is it?  Has anyone had a partner tell them they do this?  TL;DR Give someone without ADD/ADHD some tips for dating someone with it!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Iv'e never been able to describe this feeling properly, but i'll try here.;;;Since i was a kid this feeling used to trigger when i sat in class and my entire manner of perception would shift....for instance, the teacher at the head of the class room would seemingly become further away and smaller, yet at the same time it would seem as though i could touch him. Was weird, because it was like i was far away an close at the same time.  Other dualistic things like this would take place, like when i felt my desk, i would feel how hard it is but in my imagination imagine it to be as soft as cotton. This would just automatically happen. It was a strange sensation, as though i was sensing hardness and softness at the same time.  I have since learned how to trigger this feeling, it's and odd method but when there's enough sunlight around me and im talking to another  person, if i close my right eye it happens. I've been made extremely uncomfortable by this aswell as had overwhelming realizations of peace.  When this happens, it's like my brain is trying to find the difference between two contrasting ideas (hard/soft) (close/far) then ends up putting them both together so i experience them at the same time. I also feel very distant from "myself" when this happens.   Am i alone on this?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Finally met with a psychologist at my university. Tomorrow is my first appointment with a psychiatrist. What should I expect?;;;I was able to get in with a psychologist today to discuss whether or not I may have adhd. After the assessment he scheduled me to meet with a psychiatrist tomorrow. What should I do to prepare for tomorrow? Should I expect to be clinically diagnosed with adhd tomorrow? or does it take multiple visits for proper diagnosis? What are the chances that the psychiatrist will prescribe me medication after tomorrows appointment? ugh I'm so anxious for an answer to this mess. Id appreciate any feedback and I encourage you to share your experiences with diagnosis/getting treatment through the university. Thanks guys :)  **UPDATE: Met with the psychiatrist. He upped my zoloft dose to 100mg (I was initially taking 50mg). He said I do show mild symptoms of add, but he is reluctant to prescribe me stimulants just yet; he emphasized that he doesn't want me to get hooked on them and also is concerned about the long term affects it has on the brain. However he is open to the idea of prescribing me something, but not just yet. He thinks that my depression and mild anxiety may be the cause of my add symptoms, hence why he upped the dose. My next visit is in 2 weeks, so hopefully by then we will be closer to determining my treatment options.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Just a few questions about Adderall and focus;;;I've managed to make my way through life doing just about everything at the last minute, and after reading up on ADHD and finding it to be almost diagnosis-accurate to how my life has been as early as I can remember, finally decided that I'm not going to get my way through this final year of grad school and actually be able to improve myself without additional help beyond the lifestyle and study management skills I've tried to develop in the last couple of years. I saw a couple of specialists and got my Adderall prescription last week.  However, I'm having trouble placing the effects the drug has had on my motivation and ability to focus, so I'd just like to throw out everything I've experienced so far and see if I can get some suggestions from people on how to optimize. I'm going to describe my experiences in the next two paragraphs and then ask a few more concrete questions, for which I thank anybody with relevant experiences or knowledge who'd be willing to help me get on track :).  I started out at my doctor's recommendation taking 5mg (half a pill) twice a day, and didn't feel much distinguishable from the placebo effect (which is to say, there may have been and probably were subtle differences in my state, but nothing I could pin down). However, at 10mg twice a day, I feel slightly different. When I read I feel like my eyes aren't jumping around the page so much and I'm not having to subvocalize in order to internalize the information. I haven't felt the feeling of well-being some describe, but I do feel that perhaps it's a little easier for me to do small things, like add something I need to remember to my schedule rather than trying to remember it, or feel less anxious about the possibility of going to bed before I've driven myself so tired that I can go right to sleep without the usual descent of the dark cloud of anxiety.  Regarding the anxiety—it feels less conscious (worries about concrete things), and I've mostly stopped grinding my teeth or engaging in nervous tics like pen-twirling or as much knee-bobbing by default. I do however note that I feel a little tenser in my baseline; my temples are just a little tenser than they might normally be and, mercifully, I don't feel like falling asleep anytime I'm sitting in a lecture or really just taking it easy for more than a few minutes. I think I feel slightly more excited about finally dedicating myself to learning guitar, reading more fiction, and keeping more on top of my work, though I haven't necessarily started doing this yet. Anyway, I've actually started taking only one 10mg pill a day in the morning, because I feel like the effects might be lasting long enough to get me through that horrible lethargic morning period. At the same time, I'm not necessarily getting more done or feeling a strong drive to accomplish things and clean up and whatnot, which may be more of a consequence of ingrained patterns and habits than some weakness of the drug (it's not a magic pill after all).  Anyway, my questions:  * Does my experience sound fairly normal? I ask this though because I've heard about that "feeling of wellbeing" and motivational drive that people on Adderall report experiencing at first, indicating that they're on the right dose even if it doesn't last forever. Am I well within the range of normal experience for people starting Adderall even if I haven't experienced this feeling or a definite change in raw motivation? I can still blow an entire day without really realizing it, but I think I feel less despondent and anxious by the numerous self and externally-imposed unfinished tasks in my life, maybe less bombarded by thoughts and little impulses, like a feeling of being "anchored" to whatever I'm doing and not wanting to change it, which sometimes make task completion more difficult. For example, I might still be lazy or unmotivated, but I feel less driven to refresh the same subreddits over and over. I had a mild to moderate diagnosis of ADHD on various metrics, and would be open to the idea that I should be on more than 10mg once or twice a day. How does your experience match?  * I still feel like absolute shit when I wake up in the morning, but once I wake up I don't feel consumed by the desire to sleep until about 3 or 4 pm when my brain and body used to wake up until at late as I could stay up in the morning.  Is this about right? If this effect were all I was experiencing (and it's the only one I can really pin down as being different since I started taking the pill), I think I'd be more than happy to keep it.  * I'm in my late 20s and have some pretty ingrained bad habits and procrastination right now, so I wonder if it's more a matter of the medication helping me to have the energy to follow my plans and set goals and improve and whatnot than a sudden influx in motivation that some report upon starting Adderall. Is that right? I still feel, for example, a feeling of restlessness when locked into a conversation with somebody, but also don't feel that all-consuming distraction by the idea that I might hear a noise around me or have somebody speak to me. Some things feel a little different, but a few of the key things that made me a wreck feel a little better.  Thanks, and sorry that my questions ended up as rambly as my description. I always overexplain myself medically, so thanks to anyone who's willing to parse this and give me a response :).
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Adderall Shortage and its consequences;;;I am in South Florida and prescribed two varieties of Adderall.  15mg IR and 25mg XR.  For the past month or so I have not been able to fill my prescriptions in any pharmacy in my area.  Luckily, for me it is not debilitating to my social life and only prevents me from being optimally productive.  However, there are others who are severely affected by the adderall shortage. *How are regulators preventing it from getting into the hands of patients with prescriptions written by legitimate doctors? *How are we going to change the regulations that create these sporadic shortages like the adderall shortage of 2011? *How long will it be until the pharmacies in my area receive adequate supplies of adderall?  **Testimonies of Adderall's importance ** &gt; * sorry the picking fights with my significant other (the one who MADE me get on Adderall) only happens when I don't take my medication. &gt;* I take generic Adderall 20 mg for narcolepsy and there is not one local pharmacy that has it in stock. I have never had this problem before.  &gt;* Do these people at the drug co. realize the affect that this can have on our daily life and more importantly our body? So, they must expect us all to detox off the medicine on our own and then all of a sudden get right back on it in January. Your body will have to become accustomed to the medication all over again.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;DR appointment tomorrow ; have a list of symptoms written down. Affecting my college, work and social life. How have you been treated for Adult ADHD and how much has it helped?;;;I am 25 years old and finally decided it's time to talk to a doctor about some symptoms that have been plaguing me since around freshman year of highschool.   It was almost like a sudden transition. I started to wake up feeling completely restless. I had 0 energy and it was a serious struggle for me to get around to my normal routine.   I am not exactly sure when I started to daydream as much as I do, but I have an extremely bad case of dazing off mid-conversation, lecture or whatever. One word can set me off into a daze and it's so embarrassing at times when I am out and about socializing. Meeting new people is hard too. They tell me their name, a few seconds later im off in my head thinking about lord knows what, and now I forgot this new persons name.. Or a close friend talking to me about whatever and then try to engage me into the conversation I am like a deer in headlights sometimes.  I would say the worst way this is affecting me is the fact I took a break after 2 semesters of college because it was just too hard for me to concentrate in a classroom setting when 90% of it is lectures. Even when I make a real conscious effort to pay attention, I catch myself daydreaming again. Sometimes only for a few moments, sometimes for several minutes and so on which really hurts me in the fact that I am missing out on key notes or important details regarding projects and what have you.  I originally scheduled a doctors appointment for what I suspect to be a anxious tick as I suffer from mild to severe anxiety. My arms, shoulders and legs spasm out randomly. It feels very intense, but when its happening, it's barely physically noticeable to any of my friends when it occurs. Some times my entire body jerks/spasms when I am in bed trying to rest. I have been stressing that it could be some serious neurological problem, but I digress.   I never thought about it possibly being Adult ADHD. I didn't even realize there was such a thing until recently emailing my old school counselor who also happens to be a psychiatrist. I always associated ADHD in children with bouncing off the walls, non stop energy accompanied by the inability to pay attention. Since I can't afford to see a psychiatrist about this problem, I figured I would bring it up to my doctor tomorrow. This will be the 3rd time I have seen him (from 18 to almost 25 I never had a regular Doctor).    For all of you out there that have been diagnosed with Adult ADHD, what kind of treatment did you get and has it drastically improved your symptoms? Do my symptoms come off as possibly ADHDish?  Sorry for such a long post, I just wanted to make sure get into as much detail as possible about my current issues.        EDIT : I was diagnosed with RLS (restless leg syndrome) last year and so far the meds I have tried have not helped
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Me (35 f possible adhd) and my son (7 m recently diagnosed and on medications) need advice, very badly.;;;Just found this sub. I really need someone who understands to tell me anything that may help here.   Me, diagnosed with 'hyperactivity' at a time when adhd was fairly unknown. Around the age of 8, never medicated, I guess I sort of 'grew out of it'  but from my own perspective I simply learned to cope.  In my adult life I have not sought treatment.   Some things I remember from my behavior. I could concentrate on certain things easily, to the exclusion of everything else if it was something that interested me ( books). Trying to complete any task was either total immersion or painfully difficult to stay on track.   I am not sure how much of my other behaviors were adhd or personal quirks, so for the sake of brevity i am leaving out a lot. I have always been pretty solitary, lone wolf, independent, not shy, but described as 'sensitive'. This being sensitive I largely grew out of unless there is extreme confrontation.  Sensitive and easily emotionally overwhelmed. Now I am laid back, easy going, and it takes a lot to get under my skin.   My son. I was pretty much in denial about his adhd, until last December. When you have a 6 year old failing first grade it is a kick into reality . He has no other problems that I or doctors or teachers are seeing.  He is helpful, cooperative, polite, happy, gets along well with everyone, curious, and.outgoing. He also cannot concentrate, unless it is of his own choosing. When i let him watch tv or play a game he often does not hear me at all until i am yelling right beside him. I remember i was the same way.   We started medication ( adderal) in january. As we slowly increased dose he lost weight, so was switched to focalin. He is eating normally again, and dosage is finally where it should be it seems. Sometimes he is like a whole different kid, much calmer and able to follow direction, less likely to bounce off the walls when we do something simple like a shopping trip. Only a few weeks ago we finally completed a shopping trip ( two hours) with him not running, me not chasing, not having to keep refocusing him, him not grabbing at everything and begging for toys and candy everytime we walked past a display. I nearly cried when we got home from sheer relief.  He just walked with me through the whole store, getting items i asked him for, talking to me and being more *there* than i had ever seen before.   The past few weeks. I am having trouble now seeing the difference between him acting out because of his age, and because of adhd. I knew before there was some things he could not help, so tried to be relaxed a bit about things like having to get his attention and clean up and generally behave himself. Not that there were no rules, i just gave him a bit extra time or sat with him and talked him through tasks. ( he still had to do all the work himself like folding clothes, sweeping, and one or two other chore that are his).   Now he can follow through without help, but mostly delays a lot. Or does things he knows he is not allowed to do that he did not do much of before. Feet on the coffee table, not using a coaster, not putting his plate in the sink after eating. I know these are little things, he is a good kid. But before medication i would only need to remind him to do these things a few times a week or once a day at most. Now it is every hour at least and every five minutes at worst. Three times in ten minutes tonight i had to tell him to remove his feet from the table. This has been building for three weeks since they upped his dosage last.   How do I tell what is behavior due to adhd, which i feel he cannot help and do not want to punish unjustly, and when it is time to crackdown and punish as willful? Could medication be causing this 'forgetfulness'?   Another thing is 'being sensitive'. He cries alot now.  It only started in the last month too. I interrupt his play time to ask him to do a quick task. Today, i called him away from a game to bring me something as i was cleaning. He nearly had a meltdown when he 'couldnt find it' after half a second of looking. Two steps toward where the object was, and tears, that fast.   He says a lot of 'but i cant do that' with tears and crying in a lot of situations lately.    He is not spoiled at all. This is very unlike him. Todays example would have normally taken him all of sixty seconds before he was back at his game. It took much longer than that to calm him down today. I cannot figure out what happened.   Nothing else is different except school starting, but that was last week and this new behavior is a few weeks older. This started at the same time as the better and calmer behavior,  and the higher dose of.  focalin.   I could use any advice. Any questions i will answer. Any ideas or thoughts? I am still new to dealing with this, but am determined to help him as much as i can now so he can have a good and peacefull future.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How I experience ADD, struggles and some solutions;;;A brief description of ADHD for non-ADHD people as well as some coping strategies.  Have you ever tried meditating? In short, the most basic method consists of clearing your mind and focusing on your breathing. When thoughts (undoubtedly) arise, put them aside without evaluating as them as bad/good/whatever that would provoke a "feeling" reaction and return your sole focus again to your breath.  ADHD is like having a really hard time even keeping a regular meditation regimen because you really don't feel like sitting down and starting the practice at the set time (usually you have to be motivated at just the right time to be able to start something without someone "forcing" you or the task at hand being part of a learned routine) and/if you at last get started with your sitting meditation/bod scan/whatever method you prefer, just like non-ADHD people your mind tend to wander but to a much greater degree - I have been diagnosed with ADD so for me it mainly an internal process but it might as well be not being able to sit still/be quiet/other physical impulsive behavior.  Continuing using the meditation metaphor, my experience is that once motivation to do a task has been built up, hyper-focus tends to present itself as a strong will to single-task and focus on the very task at hand that has created the motivation. Leaving the task unfinished or having to switch to another job at hand often feel very unsatisfactory and makes it hard to make long-term plans such as weekly/monthly schedules because of the problems switching focus. I think this can be compared to the feeling of "flow" or when you get totally engulfed in a video- och sports game or when you just don't want to stop reading a really good book.  As a consequence (I think it is not directly caused by the ADD at least), I have a hard time "just-doing" things if I don't have a clear plan of how to do it (eg. A-B-C-goal). Easily losing focus also makes it harder to make approximations of how long things planned are actually going to actually take to get done, which in itself makes "time" a bit of a slippery concept.   Anyways, what works for me and what I still need working on:  I got this book recommended and I find it is a good starting point as well as an easy read, http://www.amazon.com/Mastering-Your-Adult-ADHD-Cognitive-Behavioral-ebook/dp/B00JPHHVZQ/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1408520596&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=safren+adhd  1. File your stuff, I use this system: http://lifehacker.com/156196/geek-to-live--organizing-my-documents Limit the categories of your "docs" folder, I use "Health", "Wealth", "Relationships" and "General Happiness", if you have a special interest that takes up a lot of your time make a separate category for that too.  2. Create a to-do list using the same categories, try to make each item actionable (doable in a day at most, otherwise consider making it a sub-project of one of the categories".  3. Everything that has a set date or time goes into your calendar. I am all digital so I use google.  3. Have a "dump"-file at hand. If you find yourself dreaming of becoming a gardener when studying for your maths-test, make a note in the dump file. Really, anything that is not on your to-do list for today should go here. At the end of the day, purge the dump-list and either delete non-important things or move them to the to.-do-list.  4. Limit your hobbies and interests. If you want to make any progress you have to make choices and sacrifices, time and attention are limited and having more things that may cause your mind to wander will work against achieving your goals.  5. Find an environment with as few distractions available as possible. I find it really hard to work from home, the internet is an easily available gigantic time-waster. At work or the public library you are way less prone to listen to loud music/read forums/look at porn/whatever =)  6. Sleep; Still a problem, I have a hard time winding down at night, rather I seek out stimulating activities such as music/movies/reading etc. Having had a good and productive day helps though, sleeping pills really does not. As for waking up in the morning (even harder) I have been experimenting with setting a soundless wake-up light alarm half an hour before my real alarm goes off. I have only been at this for a few days but so far I have had good results.  7. Medication. Game-changer, totally. I have been diagnosed for less than a year so I am still learning to handle the change though. You don't get an auto-pilot but once started, things gets done much easier.  Irritating stuff: While daydreaming comes easy, and goal-setting as well to a degree, Self-motivating while working to a goal still is really hard, thinking like "I have to do this to achieve these goals and then it will feel really good" I find not really motivating much of the time. Might be a sign of depression though?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;[Thank You] Got diagnosed yesterday. Thank you r/ADHD;;;After discovering this subreddit and gaining the courage to talk to a doctor, I've finally been diagnosed with ADHD-PI. I'm being put on ritalin and will be visiting my psych in 3 weeks time to get the script for it (Australia is very strict when it comes to ADHD medications, you need approval which takes 3 weeks). Thank you all! For the first time in my life, I feel like theres hope for me to excel in life since leaving high school.  TL'DR: got diagnosed and cant wait to turn my life around.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Adderall and other stimulant users tell me about your experiences with ADHD medication?;;;I'm curious as to dosage and frequency other adderall users utilize to treat their ADHD.  I've been on 20 mg Adderall IR twice a day since I was diagnosed about 4 years ago. Rarely have I ever taken 40 mg in one day, except for a few extreme cases back when I was in college. I would average about 30mg 3 to 5 days a week, taking one pill in the morning and another half several hours later.  Now that I'm out of school I continue to take the drug although I have cut back significantly. One bottle typically lasts 3 to 4 months. I usually take 20mg one day a week for work, and 30mg on Saturday and Sunday for personal projects and study.  When my GP retired last winter I had to jump through a ton of hoops with my new GP to continue to receive my medication including drug tests and attempts to reduce my prescription or switch to XR. In an attempt to keep up appearances I refill the script each month and I'm presently sitting on about an 8 month supply.  Like many adderall users my primary concern lies in building tolerance. This tends to discourage me from taking the drug as frequently as I should need it or consuming my full dosage. There are days where my ADHD can be particularly debilitating which has lead me to consider trying another medication, however I fear that by switching to something else whether it be XR or something like Vyvanse I may not be able to return to the IR which has served me well over the past few years.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;going through hell and back to get meds;;;a little (longer than i expected, SORRY!!) background: i have struggled with anxiety and depression issues for as long as i can remember. i'd been on meds once before (clinical trial), but during my senior year of high school, i decided to try again. saw a therapist for therapy and nurse practitioner for medicine. nurse practitioner told me i might have ADHD, i said ok. tried medicine. they started drug testing me to make sure i was taking my meds which just made me uncomfortable (and the medicine didn't do anything anyway..), so i stopped taking them. i wasn't sure of the diagnosis anyway (i'm not a hyperactive elementary school boy, which is what i thought of when i heard ADHD). forgot all about ADHD.  fast forward to last fall, my second year of college. i'm really struggling academically (can't study, can't focus, can't stay motivated). i read an article about a woman's experiences with ADHD-- holy shit, that's me! i start seeing a counselor at my school. the fact that i know it's not just that i'm a lazy piece of shit and the coping mechanisms i'm getting from my counselor help a lot. i even made the dean's list last semester! but i want to do better.  **tl;dr accepted ADHD diagnosis after a few years, seeing counselor, doing much better in school**  so here we are now. i want (need) a job and i want to have one without ruining my academic progress or burning myself out (even just doing OK in school is totally exhausting). i want to, for once in my life, be a little bit normal. i want to try some medicine for my ADHD.  but apparently my insurance doesn't cover anything but preventative care and we have a $2,000 deductible. i have no money and my mom isn't rolling in dough either. i pay for student health services in my tuition, but they won't prescribe medicine for ADHD unless you have a neuropsychological evaluation (they'll prescribe anything else though which is a load of crap). so i guess i have to shell out a few hundred dollars for this test if i want meds, but i have no idea how long it will take to get an appointment, get tested, get results, etc. and what if it comes back negative, or i never find meds that actually help, and i wasted a shit ton of money on a useless test? not to mention, my last experience with the student behavioral health services, i had a pretty bad experience (doctor sat awkwardly and watched me cry while i explained why i was so depressed). so now my anxiety is through the roof about how the fuck i'm going to get medicine and i'm probably just going to give up again. i don't know what to do.  **tl;dr insurance won't cover appointments, student health won't prescribe ADHD meds without a super expensive test. either way, i'm fucked (i have no money)**  ugh sorry that's so long, i just really needed to get it out. anyone else have any similar experiences that turned out well in the end?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;So....this is who I really am. It's been a long road.;;;It's been a long road.  I think I have been depressed for the past 10 years.  I'm on wellbutrin right now and needless to say, it has been the best medicine I have ever tried.  It's kicking my depression to the curb.  This is just amazing...I've tried almost every SSRI/SNRI and they just made me crash and burn.    Looking back, I don't think I've felt this happy since I was younger than 12 years old.  Seriously.  It makes me cry just thinking about how far I've come.  My personality is back.  It's so amazing.  The only downside is that with my depression subsiding, my hyperactivity is really showing.  I'm at the point where I have to watch what I say, because I'm back to my old self.  I just love feeling this way.  I'm different, but you know?  Who cares.  I'm just happy and I'm myself again.   I can't ever remember feeling this "way" in so long.  I mean, shit.  10 freaking years have flown by and I'm just now rediscovering my crazy self.    There were many times after my diagnosis that I thought to myself "Is this really me?  Do I really have ADHD-C?  I'm not that hyper, this doesn't make sense".  But yeah, it's incredibly apparent to me that this is who I am and I have to make the best of it.   If anyone is struggling to feel a sense of peace with their head, please know that it will get better.  I mean that.  I have been down the road of depression and anxiety and I know how it feels.  Just try to keep your head up and understand that many of us are going through the same thing and know how you feel.   Thanks for reading.  I'm sorry I don't have much to offer with this post, I'm just wanting to get my thoughts out there.    **TLDR: Depression is going away, Hyperactivity is like OH HI IM BACK, REMEMBER ME OLD FRIEND? :D**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Hey guys, just wanted to say hey :);;;Can I join the club? I just got diagnosed with ADD today. Everything makes so much more sense now, and it's such a relief to have the diagnosis alone. I'm starting meds tomorrow and hope the results will be good. :-D
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;As a (sort-of) outsider looking in...;;;The more I think about ADHD, the more I am concerned with the over diagnosis with it. Is it possible or even likely that for some of people, it's largely mental? (Obviously ADHD is a mental, but I mean more state of mind, rather than poor wiring) In the day and age that we live in, distractions are a part of life. I was diagnosed with it recently because I am easily distracted, so I was prescribed Vyvanse and it's working really well. But I'm not completely sure I "need" it. I always get stuff done, I just do parts of the task in bursts of 20 minutes or less. Is this way of working really detrimental to productivity?   I think I just need to try harder at staying on task, and the focus will come soon; I also think that a lot of people should try that before getting a prescription. Also please don't have a kneejerk reaction, I'm not saying that everybody is faking it or whatever extremist ideas people often have.  Thanks in advance!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Getting diagnosed... I'm sure this is a new topic here. :);;; I'm having a hardtime getting diagnosed. I'm really trying, but am meeting roadblock after roadblock. My psychiatrist is rather conservative and doesn't want to consider or doesn't listen to me when I talk about ADHD. My psychologist keeps trying to get me an "neuropsychiatric assessment" and feels that I probably have ADHD; she also mentioned that my psychiatrist can be a bit conservative; she knows him. As it stands, if I continue with my current psychiatrist, I feel like it will be 3 or 4 months before I make any headway; that's if I do make any headway.  I've been calling around like mad to get an assessment done, but nobody is returning my calls (perhaps their really busy?)   How did you guys and gals get diagnosed - what hurdles did you have to overcome? What tests did you have to take? What doctor did you eventually end up using?   I'm half tempted to just go to different GPs in town and tell them I think I have it and to see if I can't get a script. I figure that if a drug is magical and eliminates or lessens the rumination, the procrastination, the forgetfulness, the scattered thought process, the song-playing in my head, the having to replay everything at night, and so on that I'd be better off and would know for sure. This isn't ideal and I'd like to do a more official way, but there just seems to be so many roadblocks to this.   Anyhow - I'd like to hear your stories.   Also - those taking medication and who exercise? How do you manage that? I love running and just can't give it up, but am concerned about heart rate and overall pushing my body too much.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How much longer?;;;So two weeks ago I was at my psychologist. I was there for having anxiety, but we ended up figuring out I had ADHD (plus comorbid anxiety). I didn't even believe it was a real thing at the time. I just thought I was lazy.   This week he gave me two tests one for a parent to fill out and one for me to fill out. He then scheduled me for an early appointment two days later (tomorrow) where I am going to take a timed test and possibly something to do with an EEG machine.    Now that I realize I have ADHD I recognize how much it effects my daily life, I dropped highschool and got my GED, I can barely work, I dropped out of a major university doing engineering, and am now going to community college, but I have a hard time completing more than even 3 classes.   My question is, after this timed test tomorrow, how much more time will it take and how many more tests are their before I will be able to try this medicine that seems to help so many.    Keep in mind even though I am taking the medicine route, I am going to still work with my psychologist and make life style changes that will help me be more successful. I just think the medicine will be a key tool in this, and the waiting is killing me.   He already told me that these tests were a formality, since it's stimulant medication he has to have documentation instead of just saying "Oh yeah, Wizzlman has ADHD, just take my word for it"   **TL;DR** I went to psychologist, he discovered I had undiagnosed ADHD. I've taken a lot of tests, how much longer before I can try the medication.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I've just been diagnosed (?) and have problems piling up. Can anyone offer support/advice?;;;In therapy today, my therapist gave me an assessment and I met every single criteria for inattentive ADHD. I'm scheduling an appointment tomorrow to meet with a psychiatrist to discuss medications.  Have I been diagnosed?  I'm not sure how that works.    Reading through /r/ADHD took up most my day but I'm feeling a lot better about it.  I always thought I was just a lazy asshole but I'm glad my problems aren't just that.    I've had depression and anxiety since I was really young, and now this (I'm in my second-ish year of college).  My big problem right now is that I wrote in my planner that my first day of a late start class was tomorrow, the 19th, and I went to look at it tonight and it's been up since the 12th.  I'm probably going to get dropped.  I only have 3 classes right now because I failed all my classes last semester, so I'm kind of panicky.  I didn't have to try in high school and now everything is ten times harder..  tl;dr: how do you deal with feeling like a failure?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Long shot, but looking for a doctor recommendation in Tampa, Florida.;;;My husband almost certainly has ADHD and it affects his job (high school teacher). He has adapted somewhat, but it is still a struggle for him to remain organized and focused. Over the summer he talked about wanting to pursue an actual diagnosis and treatment.  I was wondering if anyone has a doctor in the Tampa area that they recommend. I'm sure there are quite a few docs in the area who don't know jack about ADHD and would not take him seriously, or would think he's pill seeking, and we'd like to avoid a doctor like that. Just looking for someone with a known record of recognizing and treating adult ADHD so he can be confident he is getting an accurate evaluation.   Thanks!!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Review of Wellbutrin so far (4-5 days);;;Hi  i decided to stop taking stimulants because all of them give me bad anxiety   ive moved to wellbutrin which is an antidepressant sort of. basically it builds up in your system which it is doing right now  however i havent been depressed or sad in all of the days i have taken it which kind of makes it worth it for me, even if it won't help with my inattention. tbh i kind of feel it working already in terms of feeling motivated, but maybe thats just my specific body chemistry reacting to the drug or a placebo effect  so pretty much my depression and anxiety are gone and im starting to feel motivated  i dont want to recommend anything to anyone because everybodys different but so far wellbutrin is feeling pretty fn good.   this kind of sucks in a way because i was recommended to take this drug 5 years ago for my depression before i knew i had adhd. so its kind of shitty that im starting it now vs. then but right now i cant feel depressed about that even if i tried lol
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Anyone end up crying after a while on adderall?;;;I'm a 24/m on adderall IR 10mg 2x/day 4-7 days/wk for about five months and I've been tolerating it well in every way except one:   I'm normally pretty emotionally "speed zoned" while using it in that I experience negative emotions coldly and rationally, but positive emotions normally.   Toward the end of a week or two of consistent use I sometimes end up really emotionally sensitive and express it in odd ways, such as closing myself in the dark and crying intensely. I end up feeling despondent, cry a lot, then feel better and don't understand what I was bothered by.  Anyone else have that kind of rollercoaster?  I was diagnosed bipolar at least 10 years ago, but have been medication and symptom free for a few years through lifestyle changes. Is it likely this is what's coming up? My prescribing doctor is my PCP, not a psych, so he's useless for this.  It's not yet interfering with my life, it's just odd. Should I expect it to start becoming a problem down the road?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Got sort-of-diagnosed, and am now drowning in anxiety. Any advice would help a lot.;;;So I began the process of being diagnosed with ADHD today. I won't go into my whole life story, but suffice to say my particular set of talents and struggles has given me a life that, on paper, looks very successful, but is a real uphill battle on the daily level.  After failing my first test in medical school HARD, I decided to see one of my school's counselors. After going over the life story I've spared you, she told me she strongly suspected ADHD and referred me to a psychologist who specializes in the disorder. I'll see him next week. Then, at some point, if I'm diagnosed ADHD and he thinks I need meds, he'll refer me to an MD.  So while on some level it's a relief to know that I might not just be a supremely lucky but incurably lazy jerk, I'm EXTREMELY anxious about the future.  -If I have ADHD, will I be able to get through medical school successfully?  -The counselor suggested that, since I'm pretty self-aware, I possibly won't need medication. Will non-pharmaceutical interventions be a huge time suck that don't get me anywhere?  -Am I actually a mediocre drug seeking asshole, like so many frat-boy friends-of-a-friend I knew in college?  -Finally, what if my psychologist DOES recommend meds, but they turn me into an irritable, unrecognizable version of myself? Or they straight up make things worse and I crash and burn in my first year of medical school? My next exam is a week away (probably won't know anything for sure by then anyway), and failing it would be a pretty big deal.  I know all of this has likely been addressed a thousand times in a thousand places, but I'm not comfortable expressing it to anybody face to face right now, so here it is on reddit (temporarily unblocked on my computer since it's friday and shit JUST GOT REAL). Any words of wisdom y'all can provide would be immensely comforting.  EDIT: Thanks again everybody. The advice and encouragement have helped. Apologies for being a little dramatic. Who knows what'll happen next, but in spite of the panic immortalized here I'm optimistic that I'll make it work. Enjoy your weekends. (also, I reworded something above that, in retrospect, was a little off)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;college is killing me;;;physically and mentally, I am disintegrating.  Do I really need to write an organized, neat post? I have adhd too, I know we can read just like anyone else. If I stop to fuss over bolding and formatting too much, I will fail to get all this misery out onto the page. I need the catharsis, so fuck formatting. I will get to it when I'm done, hopefully.  Been here for two years, and despite the ups and downs I've only gotten worse. Took me a long time to notice the trend, because I was always getting better then worse, better, worse... trying to fix my depression and anxiety, trying to fix all kinds of things. But gradually, like the process of aging, I have reached this point and i refuse to slip further. Nothing has worked. I have fixed nothing.   First of all, I look scruffy and terrible. I should look good, I am a good-looking guy. But my hair has thinned a little, and more importantly I can't bother to put effort into my appearance anymore. Also, my misery probably shows on my face, in a subtle way. I wear the same dark jeans every day, an ugly pair of hobo-colored moccasins (I think they used to look good when they were new... can't remember), and either a black or grey t-shirt. My hair is always sloppy too.  I have studied minimalist footwear and I found a pair that is really, truly minimalist. Only problem is, a person's biomechanics need to be working properly to wear shoes like this, and the physical weight of my depression throws that off. My spine is tight and my shoulders are tense, which throws off my balance, and that works its way down to my feet and their contact with the ground. This goes away after I workout in the gym, then slowly returns.  The left side of my body seems to have suffered a gradual mini-stroke. I believe this is a stress phenomenon, meaning I don't actually have neurological damage and I could stop at any time. I've tested this and confirmed it. The problem is a result of the bad biomechanics of depression.  I have no friends either.  -  **A LITTLE MORE ABOUT ME:** I am brilliant in a narrow sense, but also mentally brittle, and a moron too. I go to Berklee College of Music, where I don't fit in. "Brilliant" because I understand things quick -- quicker than other people who say they "understand things quick." I've never met a person who forms insights quite as fast as I do, or as accurately. Oh, plenty of people have a wise worldview and deep empathy, but ... am I arrogant? ... well yeah, I'm arrogant and self-absorbed (out of fear, don't hate me please) and anyway, nobody I've met sees like I do. But this is offset by my sheer stupidity.  My inner monologue is small, quiet, nonverbal, so instead all kinds of detail pours in, and that information bounces around through the different layers of my consciousness. I notice things really fast, and I can see through many imaginative filters. Sometimes I feel like an autistic savant though, because I have these moments of being barely functional. That's social anxiety though, I think. Well, anxiety of all kinds. Sometimes I can shove aside my anxiety though and be very friendly and caring and even charismatic, but this takes a lot of effort and preparation, and I don't bother anymore because it always puts me on this cyclical manic-depressive spiral that I hate. I've succumbed to my depression wholeheartedly now. I am a pig in the mud.  Look, I don't even have a personality. Well that's not true. But my personality is wafer-thin these days, and underneath I'm a fucking alien. In person, my sense of humor is bizarre and entertaining, but underneath that I am totally morbid and serious and somber. Don't try to figure out what I'm like from this writing, who knows what kind of person you'll come up with?  Because of my sense of empathy, and my slight experience with meditation, I am really compassionate. But I also have some psychopathic traits... well one trait anyway, I'm very self-absorbed. I am so focused on myself, because for me life is this hideous struggle and I keep trying to *fix* that, to improve myself, become that smarter, stronger, and more personable guy who can suddenly handle the load.  In High School I was on the improv comedy team, like "Whose Line is it Anyway," and we were pretty popular on campus. I was also a track runner, and I nearly broke my school's shitty school record. We were not a sports-oriented school, but still this was a large public High School so that's a little impressive I think. But not very. The record was weak, as far as records go.   **AM I GETTING STUPIDER?** Intelligence thrives on joy and curiosity. Any skill is fueled by joy. Depression has replaced all of that though, I just don't give a shit anymore. That is the worst thing. Not caring is what dooms marriages, among other things. You gotta care. Life is a one-time thing.  But I don't. I don't care.  I am a musical prodigy, but I hate making music now. Every time I enter the piano practice rooms on campus, I leave a few hours later feeling drained and exhausted, and ready to eat a bullet. Do you know how painful that is? Music is my *one thing*, my existential meal ticket. I was gonna be the next Liszt or Stravinsky, adjusted to the modern music world. I'm serious. Maybe I'll still get there, if I can rediscover the joy I had as a child. From time to time I still play up a storm in the practice rooms, when I'm feeling ok.  Recently, several weeks ago, I began to study the game of Go. I progressed extremely rapidly. For a while I was just... in love with the game. I had no job, no classes. I was lazing around near the end of the summer, with nothing to do but study Go all day, every day. The game was my ticket out of purgatory.  I thought, "Yes! My life needed this. The joy of being an eager beginner, with everything to learn and nothing to prove." Now that's over already. I have no stamina, mentally or physically. My love affair with Go was violent but short-lived, I've returned to complete depression now that classes have returned. I rarely visit the KGS Go servers anymore. I still spend many hours a week solving Go problems though, and I'm sure the game will remain with me throughout my life... but I am upset. I needed to feel passionate about something, and the passion died so soon.  To be fair, I always seem to get depressed in the Fall.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Just my view of the beauty in ADHD;;;TL;DR ADHD is, in my opinion, quite an advantage in life.   ADHD is amazing. I truly see it as a gift. We have the ability to see life in a totally unique way, one without restraints or suppression. We are the ones that leave an impression. We are the ones think. It’s what we do. Every second of every hour, we think. And it’s in this thinking that allows us to be extraordinary. We have a natural attraction to high-stimuli behavior. Isn’t that the coolest ‘condition’ to have? Even as children, we were on the move. Always doing things. It’s why we fidget so much. Sure sometimes we have a hard time at fully thinking certain actions through, but it’s what makes us so unpredictable and interesting. I know the ADHD mind is difficult to control sometimes, and a lot of the time our mind just latches onto thoughts and memories we don’t want… or need, but sometimes it forces us to come to terms with those thoughts, instead of avoiding them. I was only 12 when I became truly satisfied with my understanding of life and death. I could never stop thinking about it, year after year, until eventually I felt comfortable with it. The way I see it, ADHD is like a power. It’s strong and untamed. The only reason it’s so strong is because it’s untamed. It’s free.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Can anyone who was diagnosed with adult ADHD share their "life story" and how their life improved after diagnosis? How their goals changed?;;;Hi,  I'm recently diagnosed and easing into school again where I am making up for past mistakes (sort of like remedial work) for getting into professional school. I was diagnosed late because I think my memory/intelligence let me scrape by without really studying in college (I have pretty high standardized test scores, so this is my theory).  So far I've slowly been able to get things done differently and the most dramatic thing has been that I am a lot less stressed out. Also my confidence is coming back. I'm still working on some issues with medications with the psychiatrist.  I wanted to get some additional perspective by querying people on this subreddit who were diagnosed and wondered if they could share their story. I really appreciate it. Thank you!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Concerta 36mg no effect?;;;I was prescribed 36mg concerta xr over a week ago after being diagnosed with ADHD-PI, but I feel like it's not really working. The first few days I was more motivated and way more focussed, but the effecs subsided completely. I experienced all the symptoms (irrability, loss of appetite, anxiety, etc..), but none of the effects. I took the weekend off and I can say I feel the same minus the side effects caused by the medication. After resuming medication I didn't feel any different. Is this normal?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;First psychologist denies that I have ADHD. Second psychologist confirms I have ADHD. What do?;;;I have seen the first psychologist for a few months now. She says I don't really have ADHD and that I have "anxiety disorder, not otherwise specified" instead. I have attended 6 cognitive behaviorial therapy sessions thus far, and, although the coping mechanisms don't really help, I have been able to learn more about myself and how to make sense of my life and tendencies. This intimate knowledge alone has proved to be very useful sine I have always been one to bottle up my emotions and not really reflect on them.  A week ago, pretty much on a whim I decided to see another psychologist in order to be evaluated for ADHD. I was upfront and honest about the former psychologist's diagnosis but wanted a second opinion. This clinical psychologist recorded my personal history, had my family fill out a behavioral assessment on me, and also had me take a CPT test.   Long story short, the second psychologist strongly believes I have ADHD-PI and recommends that I see a psychiatrist in order to be prescribed meds. He has also recommended reading the book Driven To Distraction as well as works authored by Dr. Barkley.  Who am I to believe now?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Is it just me?;;;Does anyone else try to predict how the conversation will go with people in your head? I feel like my brain is going 10 million times a minute which runs through all the possible responses someone will have to what I say. I think this is why I get bored and distracted from conversation. Also does anyone else feel like they are funnier due to your ADHD? Because i think of what peoples responses would be, I know what to say next and  i feel like it has made me witty. Im not sure. I hope this made sense
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I have thrown away a perfectly good relationship several times and I'm worried my ADHD is the reason why.;;;I'm a 20 year old guy in my junior year of college. I had been dating my 21 year old girlfriend for a year until I broke up with her for the third and final time. I'm convinced my ADHD has prevented me from being an adequate boyfriend for a decent amount of reasons.  Like I said, I had broken up with her twice before this time earlier this month. Both times she let me come back to her after realizing I had mad a mistake. She understood I was going through tough family issues and that I was trying different meds to sort out my ADHD, and I am eternally grateful that she was willing to give me another chance each time.   But the issue is with me, and the fact that I would run away at the slightest problem. I expected her to fight harder to keep me (which I know was wrong of me to expect), and when she didn't I was lost. Since the first time we split, I had alternating weeks of emotions. For a month or so at a time I would be head over heels for her, ready to spend forever together. The following month was almost the exact opposite. I still loved her just as much but the thought of planning a lifetime together was too much and I caved and it split us apart. But there's no going back this time, and my fear is that my ADHD is going to continue to be an issue in this area.  I'm not asking for relationship advice or how I can get her back yet again, because I've accepted that you only get so many chances. I really just want to know if this issue makes sense. Or if maybe there is another disorder lying underneath that hasn't bee diagnosed yet. Or maybe if this is something that's been a problem from anyone else in the past.  Apologies for the rant.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Just ran out of adderall.;;;I've been prescribed 30xr for 6 years now, and I've taken it every day. I go to school 3 hours from home, and my parents mail my prescription to me. They put it in the mail (at the postal office) last Monday, and it's still not here. What the hell am i supposed to do? i haven't been off it in years, and I've just gone 3 days without it. I'm freaking the fuck out. Can anyone help?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Driving issues with ADHD;;;Hey all. I've had 2 accidents over the past 6 months and life has turned into a wreck. I'm only 20 years old and I've stopped my medication for ADHD. Both of my accidents were caused by not paying attention.  I can't take medication because it changes me into someone I don't like. I'm not fun and exciting anymore. I'm a robot. I hate myself on it but everyone loves me more, including my family when I take it.  Right now, my aunt wants me to quit my job, get one closer (I've been with this job for a year and a few months) get a closer job, and ride a bike. Or take the bus (I don't trust buses, plus the bus schedule here does not fit my work schedule.)   I KNOW I had two accidents in six months, but it drives me up a wall that my aunt wants to baby me and act like i don't know how to drive when it's an attention issue.  This most recent accident was solely because I was at the wrong place at the wrong time. I took a turn 3 seconds after someone was pulling into the parking lot I was leaving, and by the time his trunk cleared I could not avoid the car heading towards me. I was turning left. Even though my car was totaled and the other driver admitted fault, I still got the ticket and points on my license. If I would have just waited I would have been perfectly fine; or even if I took a safer route and just did a u-turn.  My mom and dad act like its so easy because they don't understand what it's like. All they keep telling me is to "take your medication. We like you better when you take it, everyone does." It kills me to hear I'm not "good enough" for my parents. Even if it's going to benefit me in the end, I don't want to fulfill their fantasy of a perfect son.  anyone have any advice on what I can do? Since this accident I have been driving extremely careful and being 100% safe with everything I do, but I'm still getting flak and stupid suggestions from my relatives (like I'm going to actually quit my job where I get paid well and move so I can ride a bike to work, and learn to drive from her).  Thanks.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD and lifestyle remedies, tips?;;;Recently diagnosed with ADHD at 25 yet struggling for a lifetime. I'm now on medication (18 mg Concerta) and it's really changed my life. I never have been thrilled about resorting to medication for things, but this is a definite exception. I finally am genuinely enjoying life.  &amp;nbsp;  Anyways, I realized before meds I just had to become strategic at managing the symptoms: running long distance, avoiding refined sugars and unhealthy food which caused highs and lows, and rarely, if ever, drinking alcohol. I still do these things which helps, but I wanted to ask...  &amp;nbsp;  **In what ways do you manage your ADHD aside from medication? What sports or activities help? Do you have any dietary suggestions that have worked for you? Or didn't work for you?** Thanks!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Happiness and emotions less variable on medication?;;;Recently diagnosed (mid 20s), started medication (adderall) about 2 months ago.   An interesting effect that I did not expect:   I track my happiness everyday (0-10 scale) (among many other metrics), for no particular reason other than I like to have data on things. Before meds I generally ranged between 2 and 8 pretty variably depending on the day and my mood. Generally averaging 5 but with plenty of 2-4 days and 6-8 days.  The last two months on meds: All 5s basically. A few 4s and 6s.   Is this relateable/potentially just coincidence?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;So, how do you write a graduate level research paper without meds?;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD and prescribed adderall 2 years ago, my junior year in university. I picked up my adderall, but only took the pills when I had to do work, and I knew that if I didn't take the pill, I wouldn't get it done.   So here I am now. I stumbled through university and I went abroad to try and complete grad school in Europe. I don't know if I can get my meds here. The laws seem confusing and I don't know where to start...Nevertheless, I find myself facing a deadline to get term papers in.  I have 4, 15 long pages (each), term papers to writes on somewhat related subjects. How does one overcome the symptoms of ADHD to complete these?  I've said I was going to start one of them 3 weeks ago and I keep saying I will tomorrow. I have a month to complete them but, psychologically, my mind is telling me I have plenty of time.   I have never wrote a real paper...Most of my papers were constructed the night before and just mashed together. Usually, I don't have the patience to even proofread my work.   I know I need my medicine, but that is not going to happen. I am stuck with me and my brain and I don't even know how I can break out of this procrastination routine.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I decided to not tell my 9 year old's teacher that we've started him on meds. Bad idea?;;;We had my 9 year old try adderall early in the school year. He was only on it for about a week and a half into school and we realized it wasn't working well for him. He's inattentive but not hyper, and the med was making him extremely argumentative and angry; he wouldn't do anything he used to enjoy and would refuse to go to the park or Target which he usually begs to do.   We got a rx for Strattera but the first day he took it he just slept the whole day and cried whenever he was forced to get up. So we decided to wait especially since he was scheduled for intensive testing but that's been postponed indefinitely because of insurance.    Anyway, at first I was very open about all of this with his teacher. But every time he had a problem, she would say "he's had such a hard time since stopping the Adderall." I was like, seriously? You saw him on it for 9 days and during that time you put him on a chart and wrote me three emails. Plus he has always done better the first week or two of the school year.   I decided to try again with the Strattera, giving it to him at night instead. So far so good although his behavior hasn't changed much. I decided to not tell his teacher because she seems to have so many biases. If he improves, I want her to notice without knowing. I also resent her resistance to creating any behavioral modification plan or make accommodations. She has him use this stupid chart that does nothing at all and has ignored my requests to meet about a 504 plan or IEP (will talk with her at conferences). Do you see any problem with my decision to not tell her? Should I let the nurse or principal know? Or is it really none of their business? The schools ask for so much information but I don't really fully understand what they need to know to do their job.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How common is it to receive a misdiagnosis before being diagnosed with ADHD? Looking to hear about others' experiences.;;;**TL;DR: I was given a snapshot diagnosis of Borderline Personality Disorder and haven't seen any improvements until being diagnosed with ADHD. How common is this experience?**  I've always struggled with mental illness. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was eight but after a single dosage of Adderall, I broke into hives that lasted well over a week. I remember when I took it, it felt like it helped me so much. I noticed a world of difference just from having that one day of focus but because of these side effects, it was determined that maybe I didn't have ADHD after all and would hopefully outgrow it.  I continued to see therapists off and on throughout my childhood to cope with the insanely intense separation anxiety that was triggered from my mother's unstable presence in my life. My diagnosis changed more times than I was able to keep track of!  When I was twelve, I was diagnosed with Bipolar II and was put on numerous medications to control these symptoms. These medications made me extremely sick and after nearly two years, my father decided to take me off of them very abruptly. I was even sicker for a few weeks but noticed great improvement and a leveling out after being off the medications.  I didn't attempt to seek treatment for clinical depression until I suffered a nervous breakdown at the age of nineteen. At that point I tried several different SSRI's, all of which I had unusually bad side effects with. Each one made me severely depressed. I discontinued any usage of medications after a suicide attempt but have remained in therapy pretty consistently since then. The depression ended up being purely situational, retroactive as a result of a traumatic childhood. My depression has cleared up over time and only flares up between September-November. It is retroactive depression caused by a traumatic event that occurred August 29th, 2010 and created a string of very damaging events well into November that same year. I have maintained a diagnosis of C-PTSD as a result of this in combination with the traumatizing events from my childhood.  Last October, at the age of twenty, I was misdiagnosed with mild Borderline Personality Disorder. My diagnosis was later changed to Borderline traits. Four months later, my therapist at the time determined that I no longer met the diagnostic criteria for BPD or Borderline traits.  This June, I began seeing a new therapist who believes that this diagnosis was completely inaccurate and that my previous therapist was simply projecting her own issues onto her patients. I agree; after less than five minutes of my initial meeting with this therapist, she determined I was borderline and spent every appointment thereafter basically giving me a pre-prepared lecture on what BPD is and how to cope with various issues that borderline people face without ever giving me much of a chance to actually talk about the issues that were personally affecting me.  None of what she was talking about felt like it really applied to the issues I was struggling with. She would often disregard a lot of what I said and would relate everything she was saying back to herself (a hallmark trait of BPD!) and her own struggles with the disorder. (That seems really unprofessional to me for a mental health professional to talk about their personal life as consistently as she did but okay.) I didn't notice any improvement in my behaviors, impulse control, mood fluctuations or how to control my moods, anxiety, and ruminations until my ADHD diagnosis.  Since I've been diagnosed and have taken the time to educate myself about this disorder and have taken the steps to learn what works best for managing this, it feels like I have seen the light at the end of a dark tunnel that felt like it had no end in sight!  I now feel that I have a much better grasp of where my aggression stems from, why I'll get stuck in a bad mood or obsess over something inconsequential. I do still struggle with some of the same things as Borderline people do, such as appropriate levels of attachment and severe anxiety surrounding abandonment, obsessive thoughts, mild impulsiveness and a fluctuation in moods but my moods don't feel severe enough to be Borderline. I still struggle with relationships, both platonic and romantic but in all other aspects of my life I feel pretty level.  Who else on here experienced a misdiagnosis before receiving treatment for ADHD? If so, what have your experiences been?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;New Sub...ADHD vet!;;;So I just stumbled across this subreddit. The insane part is I was terribly upset when I saw how old the posts were in the ADD subreddit. I'm so happy this one is so active. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was four years old. I'm 25 now and the past 21 years I have been medicated. Since I was 12 I've taken the same dosage which is 30mg XR but since it's so expensive I just take the 30mg IR twice a day. Last Friday I finally got an actual doctor diagnosis of having depression. I've always seemed to have it and I never really knew why. The tasks at hand with ADHD even medicated is sometimes so overwhelming. It really gets me down and most of the time I find myself sitting in the middle of the floor wondering how in the hell I got there. This isn't any specific question just really me for the first time ever proudly introducing myself as someone with ADHD. The only reason this is a proud event is because all of you know what I go through and you understand that I'm not stupid (like uneducated ADHD haters) I just have a hard time with focusing.  Anyways if you can't tell already all of this is completely scrabbled together but the meds are done for the day.  Anyways nice to meet everyone. Hopefully I can get to know a lot of you and share stories and experiences
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;First time not being able to finish a paper. How do I come will waiting on a Dx?;;;So as I've gotten into upper division course work, it's become increasingly apparent I have some ADHD symptoms that are really truly interfering with my life. I'll forget where I put my glasses and keys every day without fail. I will find a way to distract myself even if my phone is off and everything I'd think is a distraction is put away. Simple things like cleaning and cooking are downright hard--not because I'm depressed, not because I'm lazy, it's just so much work (and even breaking it down into steps it's still hard to finish).  But I reached my breaking point tonight when I realized I couldn't finish a paper. I realized that my writing process is NOT normal compared to neurotypicals. It takes *so* long because I can only focus for 200 words or so. Returning to a paper after I take a break, it takes me a long time to refocus. It feels like a personal failure and I'm humiliated.  I don't like to self-diagnose, and I'm not here for a diagnosis--just advice. I am on the 5-6 month long waiting list for ADHD testing and am looking into doctor's who might take my therapist's referral. I've tried as hard as I can but my brain will still go "nah man, you're done, do something else, do anything else, hell study for another class." This is something that in retrospect I can see has been a problem for years, but my increased workload is making these symptoms more apparent.  TL; DR: English major having problems with focus, distractability, motivation. How did posters here cope between realizing you have a problem and receiving a diagnosis, proper meds, etc?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Help I want to convince my mom that i have ADHD;;; So I acted off from everyone else in my school. I shake my legs, zone out, Have a really hard time finishing school work(I have 3 essays right now and they are weeks due) when I'm told to do something I take my time even if its picking up a piece of paper,Blurt out random unneeded things, the symptoms of ADHD. I want to check out with a doctor, but my mom says I'm just born dumb and that if I do take meds I will be fucked up in the brain. she believes in her "facts" because she knows other people that act weird from taking meds. After reading that article on facts of ADHD I think its time to try to get it checkout. But I have no proof that it's okay to take meds and I don't think an article on a website with an alien monkey will convince her at all.  (TL;DR)I jump to the conclusion that I might have ADHD. mom thinks its going to make me fucked up in the brain if i take meds  please don't yell at me for errors I need to finish my essays and I just only did a quick skim
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I've been off my medication now for just about 1 year and here's what I've noticed.;;;The medication I was on was Vyvanse. The initial time I was on it I took 30mg a day, and worked my way up to 60mg. 30mg was useful only really during the 2-3 hours around the peak. We jumped to 50 and it was still only actually useful for a total of 5-6 hours rather than the 8-10 I needed, then jumped to 70 and it made the side effects too intense, so we settled on 60 and it seemed to be the perfect amount. (Keep in mind I'm a big dude; 6'2" 220 pounds).   Sometime mid-november of last year I was taken off my meds cold-turkey. I had been on it for almost 2 years when I was taken off. For the 2ish months leading to me being taken off it, there was occasional abuse of it. During the last 2 months was when I was on it, I got depressed. I used to smoke weed at the end of every day to deal with the comedown, then decided to quit smoking. (after re reading this part id like to clarify that what I mean is 2 months before I was taken off the meds i stopped smoking weed, so I abused the meds to sort of cope).   So during the two months I sometimes rationalized saving meds a few days and doubling or even tripling my dose. It was great but the comedown was never fun. I decided I didn't want to be on the medication anymore because I was depressed. I initially figured the depression came from the lack of weed, but in reality it came from the abuse.   When I was on the medication, I was also on a low dose of Effexor, I believe 75mg. My psychiatrist told me the Effexor leveled me out, and supposedly was required to regulate serotonin. Cold turkey off of that wasn't fun.   The first month without medication was hell. I was so motivated and alert and focused before, now I was lazy tired and my brain was like a large series of tracks with little carts carrying information, unable to properly distinguish more important concepts from others leading to confusion and constant derailing of the carts. All of these feelings were similar to before i was put on medication, only the withdrawal from both meds didn't help a single bit. I smoked a lot more cigarettes per day during this period, it had escalated to almost a pack a day. (I've now been clean of all *tobacco* products for nearly 7 months and have switched 100% to vaping. I've tapered from 24mg juice to 3mg!)  After 3 months total off the meds, the withdrawal was completely over. I was "normal" again. Just like before the medication.   It's been a struggle becoming functional again. I was already dysfunctional enough before the medication, but after my short spout of abuse and cold turkey withdrawal, it got worse.   Now that it's been a year, here's what I've noticed that's positive.   I do have a slightly better time remembering stuff. I started smoking weed again and my memory is still better than before the medication. I also have a bit more drive to succeed in life and don't give up as easily as before.   Here's what I've noticed that's negative.   I have insane difficulties making and keeping eye contact with people. I didn't have this problem before being put on medication, so I really can't say for sure what caused that.  I also get really anxious in conversation because my brain tries to start the beginning of a sentence and simultaneously tries to figure out the end and middle of a sentence at the same time. I fidget a lot and I worry a lot about where to keep my eyes, but they want to see and take in everything at once. My brain just constantly feels overwhelmed and overstimulated. This is how it was before starting the medication, and I don't know if it's gotten better or worse.  I also space out a lot, just like before, but my space-outs usually last longer than before. I'll be trying to focus on a conversation or someone talking to me, then ponder a detail of what they said and completely stop listening to the rest of what they're saying. I consciously try to stop this from happening but it's very difficult. It doesn't happen with every conversation, especially conversations extremely important to me, but when it does it sucks.  I've had a hard time maintaining a good sleep schedule the past year, but recently I've gotten better.    So in short, I'm mostly like how I was before medication. I've improved in some areas but gotten worse in others.   And I know a lot of the things I did were wrong. I had some problems, and for a long time I denied it. I know abusing medication is very bad, I know relying on weed every day is bad, and I understand I screwed up. I'm not posting this for attention or to have a sob story, I just truly want to put my anecdotal experience up for you guys to see and compare to other experiences you've had or read of. I put a lot of time into this post so I hope you guys at least enjoyed it or got something from it. If you have any questions or need anything in the post clarified don't be afraid to PM me or post a comment.   Cheers
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I wanna grab the Earth and smash it;;;[vent] As you already know, I can't do anything. I can't even shoot a whale. Talking is hard for me too. I'm genuinely confident and I fucking know it, but what comes out of me is the exact opposite. I have so many acquantances, but little friends. I'm happy for a few days with people, but then I get dry as hell. I can't form sentences correctly, start zoning out, and I get dumb in the head. What's really hurting me the most is that I am fucking confident, but I can't even handle a conversation. I'm so random, the only way I get to know a person on a deeper level is by doing something fun together. Sit down and chat? No that's not for me. When we do something fun together, I'm like the funnest person to be around. In gym class, people are attracted to me because I hyperfocus on the exercise, lose track of time, I just feel like a baby again. It makes me so mad that I keep waking and sleeping without getting that girl I love. I was sitting next to a girl on the train, and we were touching legs lightly and jesus I went to heaven. All my fears, anxieties, worries, stresses melted on the spot. It's so warm having a girl touch me lol, but sadly I can't get any. Ohhh the desperation. I just want a girl to touch me (non or explicitly) but the only way I can't get one is through talking and I suck at conversation. I'm so body language confident and it hurts me so much being this confident and not being able to conquer :(. I don't know why USA &amp;amp; Europe girls gotta be so hard.We were meant to get together.   TL;DR: I can't get a whale and it hurts so, so badly.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I was just told I was addicted to "Speed" by my own father;;;Well guys, this is my first post on this subreddit, but i have been lurking for about 3 months and have read many of the stories of how a lot of you guys have benefited from ADHD medication. I have been prescribed 10mg and 20mg of adderol since I was in kindergarden, but I didn't start taking them until 8th grade. I am one of those kids that you can tell, just by the way they act, that they have ADHD. I've had problems with grades and focusing through out my entire life, and adderol has been the only thing that has really helped me. My father, who also has ADHD, has never had to take any medication in his life. He believes that because I take 10mg and am still hyper that the adderol is pretty much speed. I have never felt worse in my life, having my own dad say I take speed. So, to prove that I am not a druggie and that he is wrong I am no longer taking my adderol. I know my grades will tank, but hopefully I will still be able to keep them somewhat high. Any of you guys deal with people like this often? I would love to hear some of you guys talk about what it was like to go off of the ADHD meds.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How should I talk to my parent about me disliking my therapist?;;;I was diagnosed about 6 months ago. For the first two months after, I went to go see a psychologist weekly. I really liked him, but the clinic he worked in stopped accepting my parent's health insurance, so we switched. I really don't like my new therapist. Whenever I talk to her, I feel like she's uneducated about her profession. I've found that I can't ask any questions about the medication she recommended for me because doesn't know anything about it. The advice she gives me is so unrealistic, that even my dad has started mentioning it.  I really don't want to go see her anymore, but I feel bad because it's the only other place my parents could find that works with the insurance plan we're on... What should I do? Should I just stick it through? Does therapy even really help with ADHD? I haven't been in it with a good therapist long enough to know at this point...
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Inaccurate answers?;;;I went in for testing today and I was asked a ton of questions and shit then my mom answered questions which I agreed were answered pretty accurate. After being asked questions I was given a few questionnaires to give to teachers another adults to fill out. When i gave my dad one I looked at it after and every question that asked about attention, quality of work ability to follow through with work and similar stuff he answered never! This in my experience of being myself Is extremely inaccurate. I brought it up with him and he said that I do that stuff but he answered never because it caused by me being lazy and passive aggressive. I tried to explain that the question does not ask Does your son have any of these problems NOT including if you think they are passive aggressive or lazy. Then he seemed to not even understand what I was saying. He said I just need to work harder and that I obviously don't fit the questions about avoiding doing hard mental work and similar things because I get A's and B's. This is blatantly not true. Hell I am avoiding work right now!  What do you think of this what are some recommendations and do you think his answering was in the way that they are looking for?  TL;DR: My Dad filled out paperwork saying that I am not inattentive or avoid doing work or do not finish work well Because though I do all of the above it in his opinion is caused because I'm "Lazy"
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Why At Age 27, I Am Deciding To Try Methylphenidate Again;;;  **TL/DR I am a 27 year old woman who has never been able to keep track of when my period is coming, which is leading me to believe:  I may need to accept my ADHD diagnosis and get a bit of extra help to succeed with new therapy for my chronic illness.**      I was diagnosed with ADHD (the innatentive, daydreaming type, I believe) after graduating high school at the age of 18.  I didn't utilize any medication for it until I was 22 and sick and tired of not succeeding at college.  The 5mg, quick release, methylphenidate I intermittently used was amazingly effective, and I did great at school for the first time in YEARS.  It was a major confidence boost.    I stopped using it for a number of reasons.  One of the biggest being the autoimmune issues and chronic pain I've had since I was 18.  I have a giant cocktail of drugs that I have to take to physically function, and comparatively, the ADHD issues seemed tiny.  I chose not to need that pill out of pure stubborness.    After years of *somewhat* helpful therapy to treat depression and anxiety, I started with a **super cool new therapist** who specializes in how chronic pain effects the brain long term and how this causes negative thought patterns and coping methods to occur.    **Getting to the point of my story**.  The style in which this therapist works is to help the patient to be very aware of thoughts, triggers, etc. and to start recognizing, recording, and changing these coping methods.      **I am SO excited and gung-ho for this.**  This isn't just *'talk it out therapy'*, *'how are you feeling?'* stuff that I have had for years.  This is concrete,  'chronic pain does *this* to the brain **because we see it in all of these studies, and these things have been proven to help'.**      **BUT.** But, but, but.  I can't keep track.  I forget what set me off on a particular day, and I certainly don't write it down.  I just can't remember!     As I sit in the room with this awesome therapist I tell her, " I don't know how to utilize these strategies into my life.  I. Just. Don't. Know. How."    She replies "It takes time, but it will become natural and you **will** start to see patterns and remember."    "Lady," I reply.  "I don't think you understand.  I am a 27 year old woman and I have **NEVER** known when my period is coming.  I could have the most regular period in the world, but I've never successfully kept track and believe me, I have TRIED."    "Well," she relies with some thought,  "a lot of women find it helpful to use the little calendars in their checkbooks.  You know, just circle the day on the little calendar."    'Oh boy,' I think.  "I don't think you understand.  I have possibly 5 checkbooks going, I probably know where 2 of them are, and it's quite possible I'm bouncing anyways, so I'm terrified to try and find them and balance them anyhow."    **It is with this conversation that I realize, the way my brain processes thing IS impacting my daily life.**  It very well may be holding my back from learning new ways to deal with my chronic illness, let alone get over my anxiety of getting the mail (because I keep driving past the Post Office and now it's been 2 weeks and Mean Post Master Carol might scold me again for my box being too full)    So Here It Is: Day one of a regularly scheduled, everyday methylphenidate trial.  I saw a psychiatrist for the first time yesterday to work out any other medication modifications that should be made due to my cocktail being so large.    Hopefully with this new therapy based so specifically on the brain and thought patterns, in combination with a little extra brain power from medicine, maybe, just maybe, I will be able to make some real changes.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Doc cut me off adderall for no reason.;;;Hey everyone, I have a request for advice... I hope it isn't so frequently asked that is annoying but here goes.   I'm prescribed 40 milligrams of adderall a day. I've been on this prescription for about 6 months, I'm in my late twenties, and I also have a prescription of 10 milligram valiums to take as needed.   I see my psychiatrist or only about every 3 or so months. The last time I saw him he expressed a desire for me to start weaning or to get off adderall completely. I replied that it would be a goal I'd be willing to undertake in the future but right now I have an extremely demanding job chiefly composed of brutally dull and repetitive work on a daily basis. I've been quite clear about how the nature of this work makes my  ADHD flare up like mad, directly affecting my work a very negative way and thus endangering my job. I literally cannot focus on my work and will stare at a wall rather than perform the repetitive tasks that I'm expected to on a daily basis for up to 12 hours at a time.   Anyway my monthly supply is about up so like usual I called to request the physical prescription that I need to take the pharmacy to get my refill. This usually takes a few days so I waited and two days later (today) a nurse called and said the doc had recommended a "trial break/respite" and,  instead of scheduling my regular adderall refill, had instructed my pharmacy to give me a WELLBUTRIN prescription... Wellbutrin being a drug I had previously stated to him my distaste for because of the negative side effects I experienced on it.   So I'm basically stuck having already took my last dose of adderall today (I take 20mg twice daily) and completely going off of it and taking Wellbutrin in its place. (I'm going to play ball with him at first to show that I'm at least willing to try alternatives so that he'll hopefully re-enable my adderall script when his ridiculous idea doesn't help.)   There's nothing I can do as far as appealing to him to change his mind because he is only available every Wednesday and since next Wednesday is xmas eve I'm not exactly counting on him being available for a week or two.   One important factor in my issue here is that I live in a medium sized town (Bakersfield,  CA... not a huge place like Los Angeles) and I have health insurance through Kaiser Permanente (through my job) and in order to get adderall in the first place I had to specifically go through Kaiser's Behavioral Health Department. So visiting a completely different doctor not affiliated with Kaiser would entail financial hurdles I'm not capable of.  Just a consultation is like $100 and I'm not sure how likely it is a new doctor would just prescribe an unfamiliar patient adderall.   Many of the obvious options I've already tried with him.  On the previous visit I told him I would be open to trying a different prescription like vyvanse or whatever else there is.  I'm sure he's just being way of the potential for abuse,  but I've emphatically started to him many times that *I do not experience any type of stimulant response from adderall*.    ... But adderall is like a light switch for me in that it allows me to concentrate on my work and actually focus whereas without it I cannot keep my mind on one topic or train of thought for longer than  15 seconds. I involuntarily jump from concept to concept and people remark on how ridiculously scatter-brained I am.  I'm sure I don't have to explain to anyone in this sub what it feels like to have a thousand TV's on in your head at once with being able to concentrate on a single one.   I've tried other options like modafanil without the slightest inkling of success, at the present time my only option is to use my prescription until I advance further in my field to the point where the mindless busy work, data-entry, and ludicrously monotonous tasks are no longer required of me.   What do I do? This doctor doesn't seem to care or fathom that cutting me off like this, despite me never displaying a propensity for abuse, is severely endangering my career and livelihood by dramatically increasing the likelihood of me underperforming at work at a time where we are all being very closely scrutinized. Again, I have tried appealing to him with these reasons during my last visit with him a couple months ago  but it seems he made the decision on his own that I no longer required my medication, nor was tapering necessary.  Instead I am told fucking Wellbutrin is the answer.   I desperately need an effective course of action so if anyone can help please comment or PM me.  And if you made it this far through my long ass post you have my thanks!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;If not ADD, then what?;;;Here's some quick background before I get into the real issue: I was diagnosed with ADD at age 12, took medication all through middle school and HS, which helped a lot, and then stopped after high school. Fast forward 10 years, I'm now in college, and am extremely motivated, highly capable, and confident that I have what it takes to finish my BS in engineering.   The issue at hand: during my recent college career, I have experienced tremendous trouble with focusing on my school work. I am attentive in class, but am easily distracted. And studying and homework? Forget about it. I do everything right to try and stay on task, but there are days when I can't even get started. I wanted to try and get back on medication, but when I went in for my diagnosis, my analyst (after 30ish hours of testing) has determined that I certainly do not have ADD?   If it's not ADD then what is it? Is he just wrong? He had me take dozens of tests, and in the final evaluation, he said that I don't show the characteristics of someone with attention or cognition problems. I am extremely motivated, and want this more than anything, but I cannot focus to save my life. Hell, even finishing this post is becoming increasingly difficult. Why was I able to score so well on his psychiatric evaluation, but I can't even pick up the pencil some days, even when the stakes are extremely high?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Intense Anxiety with Vyvanse;;;So my doctor prescribed Vyvanse for me 5 days ago. Starting off on a 20mg dosage for 10 days, then 20 then 40. The first few days were awesome, I also suffer from extremely high anxiety / depression and the 20mg vyvanse drastically reduced my anxiety and depression.  So I was recently prescribed Vyvanse to treat my ADD / Anxiety / Depression. I understand that Vyvanse isn't for anxiety / depression but I've been thinking that my ADD symptoms have been triggering the anxiety / depression. Or it could be the other way around, I don't know if ADD is the primary problem yet. Could be anxiety  Anyways I've been on Vyvanse for 5 days and it has been wonderful.  It has significantly been helping with both my anxiety / depression and my ADD, the only complaint I have is the crashes I get from it.   The first few crashes weren't that bad, but today it hit me hard. I've been having a lot of anxiety about joining my martial arts class and today I said yolo and went. And I experienced the worst anxiety in my life, dry mouth, nausea, dizziness. I'm pretty sure the medication was wearing off 3 hours before the martial arts too, I don't know what the heck happened, it was more like a panic-attack, I had to leave 15 minutes into the class. Anyways It's 7:38am and I have not fallen asleep yet, even though i'm home, i still feel anxious and I slept fine on the other four days of vyvanse   .. What do you guys think is going on?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;90% success, 10% side effects possibly from Vyvanse? Help much appreciated.;;;Hi! So I'm a 20 yo female college student at a pretty rigorous university. I'm also a D1 athlete (so getting a prescription was a nightmare). I got my full eval done &amp; I got diagnosed ADHD-PI like... super severe. Eek. I also got "Learning Disorder Not Otherwise Diagnosed - Auditory Processing", which explains a lot.   I'm on:   * 350mg bupropion for depression/OCD * 40mg Vyvanse for ADHD  * I see a psychiatrist every 4 weeks for renewals and updates, and  * a psychologist weekly for therapy.   I came out of this semester with a C (failed a test before meds), 2 A-, and an A! I didn't go over my attendance in ANY classes for the first time ever, and my internship's been extended indefinitely due to exceptional performance. Even my technique in rowing has improved. I'm bragging at this point, but I'm so happy!  My only issue is this weird symptom that started a week or so after the Vyvanse. I have this persistent nausea, mostly during midday. I get this awful, almost dread-like knot in my stomach and weird lukewarm sweats. It's been going on for a month or so now and it's just every couple of days at complete random, although it was worse in school.   Negative for: mono and strep. I do have a bit low of blood sugars but nothing dangerously so, usually around 68-75ish. I'm thinking I've developed a random food sensitivity or the Vyvanse might be affecting my stomach. (No, I'm also not pregnant and it doesn't feel like a panic-attack)  Has this happened to anyone else here? I lost weight at the beginning when my appetite was shot, but I'm maintaining my weight now despite this nausea. I'm still as strong as I've been and I get my same numbers while working out, but I feel so weak and sick afterward. For example: I gag or throw up when I eat eggs for some reason and my stomach feels tight, like it's trying to say "nope", and it feels like this. Just want to see if this is a possibility and if its happened, how you fixed it. I hope it's not the Vyvanse, because I'm so happy otherwise. I'm on Ondansetron anti-nausea for this but I'd like to not have to be!   Thanks for any help!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Am I really dumb?;;;My full scale IQ is 92. Fluid reasoning - 103, Knowledge 86, Quantitative reasoning - 97, Working memory - 89. The percentiles are 58, 18, 42, and 23, respectively. I ranked from very low to superior. I feel like I'm much smarter than that. That can't really be my true IQ. I was diagnosed with social anxiety, GAD, and ADHD. How can I really be this dumb? Really? If I clear these problems with anxiety and attention, is it possible that these scores increase significantly?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;My life is a mess. (rant);;;In the last couple of months, i've completely lost interest in work, school, family life, friendships...        I've lost some of my closest friends because i don't answer their texts or calls or go out with them. I don't attend my classes, don't go out and can't do anything in general. I don't even get out of the house. I was doing so good after i got diagnosed and started taking meds but now all the past progress is lost. I feel worthless, depressed and suicidal. I am so tired of this constant struggle and i really don't know what to do anymore.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How can you tell whether it's depression/anxiety or potential ADHD?;;;Title^  I was recently diagnosed with depression/anxiety and was prescribed with Zoloft (50mg). I also mentioned to my GP that I thought I showed symptoms of ADHD-PI, even before I felt depressed. I read that all these conditions could be co-morbid so I thought there was a possibility it could be ADHD-PI.   -Inability to control my focus/concentration, constantly switching between tasks  -Constantly daydreaming, to the point where I am missing entire classes looking out the window  -Poor attention to detail  -Slight forgetfulness, but my family considers me irresponsible  -When working on a project, I am mentally checking out every 5-10 min  -I walk around my house aimlessly listening to music, bouncing an inflatable ball for two hours a day easily  -Simple instructions are weirdly difficult for me  -I enjoy reading, but sometimes it will take me a few pages to realize I wasn't paying attention and will have to reread everything, other times I can read a 300 page book in a single sitting  -When people are talking, sometimes it feels that although I can hear them perfectly their words go right through my head  -I had severe birth trauma, total blood/oxygen deprivation, and I was legally dead for 15 min. Doctors thought I would be severely brain damaged, but I turned out seemingly alright. I always thought it was weird that nothing was wrong with me, and I read similar events have been linked to ADHD.   My doctor thought that it was the depression/anxiety that was causing the ADHD-PI symptoms. He also said that since I've done so well in high school it was unlikely. I understand the symptoms overlap sometimes as well.  I'm not trying to self-diagnose myself with ADHD, but I'm going off to college next year and want to get this all figured out. Should I go see an independent psychiatrist or keep following my GP's suggestions?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Does it ever make you feel bad?;;;In my unmedicated state, I am a completely lazy and selfish asshole. I tend to only care about my own interests and feelings, I never want to go out of my way to help others, and because of this I don't have many friends. I just spend most days playing video games or browsing the Internet, which never ceases to get boring for me, but I am never being "productive" even if I need to be.  So that is my unmedicated state. But as soon as I take the prescribed meds, there is this change that is very subtle but HUGE like 1 hour later.  Now, rather than not giving a shit if I am sitting around procrastinating, I find myself feeling bad if I am not doing anything "productive". I start LOVING to do schoolwork and chores. It becomes much easier to motivate myself.  Besides that, I find that my patience and self-control *vastly* increase. Once I've taken my meds, I would not mind sitting in a 2 hour lecture. I could even focus for most of it, probably. Furthermore, I would not feel scared to go to my TA afterwards and asking well-thought out and clear questions, whereas otherwise I would just assume I knew the answer or not even care to try. Heck, if there was even a discussion section meeting, I would even go and fully participate. I mean, unmedicated, I would probably be interrupting everybody and making belligerent remarks when we are trying to debate/discuss a topic. But once I've taken the meds, it becomes much easier to listen to others and respond in a manner conducive to discussion. Sometimes I think I have good insight to share, but the manner in which I tend to share it hurts more than helps.  Anyway, I am just asking if any of you feel bad about all this. I mean, literally all it takes is a pill to make me "normal". I don't like the fact that I am so dependent on such a small thing. Sometimes I even cry because the differences my medication brings about are so profound.  Can anyone relate?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Holy freaking crap you guys!;;;Ive just started my wellbutrin xl 150 mg plus something called lamotrigine 25 mg and OMFGGGGG im over the roof im been doing things that seemed physically impossible without medication!! Its insane i literally got all my stuff done today plus extra I've clean and scrubbed all the walls in the house sweeped every inch got everything off the flooorrr and reorganized the living room kitchen my parents room yess i didn't stop there, i finally organized and cleaned my room and cleaned the whole house basically and it only took me 4hrs total I've never been this pumped up im still finding things to do lol the point is have you ever been on cleaning binges or so amped to do anything your brain desires?!! Sorry for shitty punctuation im on mobile x)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Was told I should check out this sub [personal XPost];;;So I can't smoke weed anymore, I flip shit, I get really quiet, panicky, and just have a horrible time. I was hoping one day I'd be able to smoke again and enjoy the enlightened calming effect it used to have on me, but alas, that was like three years ago when I first did it and had my fun (I was 20, now 23). I suffer from acute anxiety and depression, plausible depersonalization at times and have an incredibly difficult time socializing now, or calming my mind to even focus on anything but self-loathing. I tried Adderall (sp) a few years ago, and I noticed I felt so calm, that it actually worried be, like a paradoxical effect. I'm wondering if I might be ADD, or something of the like, and if there's anything other than weed I could take to calm down? Would it be Adderall? Thanks y'all.    **[ADDITIONAL NOTES]:**    No, I am not diagnosed, **nor am I asking to be diagnosed** so please don't pull this post. I'm asking if this sounds familiar *to* those who are diagnosed.    **[A LITTLE MORE PERSONAL INFO]:**    -I'm afraid I possibly activated recessive ADHD or something of the like when I was indulging heavily in weed a few years back, as I never struggled as I do now beforehand. I'm wondering if that's within the realm of plausibility.    -It was suspected by my first grade teacher I had ADHD or something of the like, but was shrugged off because she thought a lot of boys had ADHD.    -Another thing is that I'd really appreciate any stories of being diagnosed, as well as your personal improvements on medication or otherwise.    -Personal messages are more than welcome.    Going through an impossibly hard time in my life, just reaching out.    Thank you for your time.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;A bit confused about my dose.;;;Ive been prescribed 5mg twice a day which doesnt effect me at all. So a few days later I tried 10mg, this made me sleepy, and when i tried 15mg it seemed to work its best on my symptoms.  But ive read that sleepiness means your dose is too high. Im 23 and 57kg on IR.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Question about medications (not personal, saw a thing, now curious);;;Okay, so where I am from, we have Ritalin and Strattera only, so other meds I don't know much about.    Last night, I watched Stephen Fry's secret life of a manic depressive and one of the kids on there listed off this huge concoction of medication, including  both Adderall and Concerta. I was intrigued by this as I didn't realise that two stimulants  the same time was a thing that happened.   In essence, is this a common thing and what are the reasons for having two separate stimulants prescribed?   Not for my own use, I'm just curious as it seems peculiar.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Forced thoughts and possible ADHD? Hear me out;;;I've been dealing with this crap for quite some time and wanted to know if anyone has come across this.   Before I got to college, I was fairly well rounded and felt like I could tackle virtually any situation that was presented in front of me.  I used to think a lot about about everything, where I was going, where I'd been, where I was in that present moment in time. I always wanted to think differently than most people about things and create "new ways" of thinking. I was an excellent writer, as I was able to tap into my creative ways of thought and make each piece I wrote sound differently. In fact, I was able to get into college with this very skill. I was able to relate to others so much that I was told I was "easy to trust" or have a heart-to-heart with, and knew exactly what other people were feeling at any given moment.   Thennnn I got to college, and was introduced to this curious substance called "Marijuana," not sure if you guys have heard of it. It took me a little to try it since initially I thought it could potentially kill me, but once realizing it was harmless and not detrimental to my health in the long run I decided to try it. My best friend that I knew since 9th grade and I had joined a fraternity and his "big bro" was the biggest pothead I'd ever met. He said he could count on his fingers the days he hadn't smoked in the past year or two. He happened to be a very smart guy, one who woke up at 6 in the morning to study having smoked bowls on bowls the night before. I figured weed couldn't be all that bad. Naturally, his "big bro" invited us over to smoke frequently so he could hang out with his little bro and bond with him.   I smoked all the time after that, loved the way it felt and went crazy on 4/20 that year. I got stoned to the bone and had to go on a semiformal for a sorority later that night, and all I really remember was taking pictures of the plates and plates of food they had and being in heaven. I wasn't really second guessing anything or felt no paranoia from the the weed like I would in the future. I was foggy, but not worrisome. The following fall I finally was out of the dorms and had my own apartment, in which my best friend and I were very excited to have our own place and do whatever we wanted in it. After a sudden turn of events, the summer leading up to that fall my best friend informed me that his parents were keeping him home and that he wouldn't be going to my University anymore.   Fall came, and I was pumped to have an apartment in which I could reenact the "big bros" apartment and smoke all the time and not give a crap about it. I smoked almost every day, had friends over and played fifa. That semester ended up being a great one, but I couldn't help but notice in retrospect that it was a bit foggy, and a lot of the time I wasn't completely sure of what I was doing. The weed began to start making me think about things in strange ways.  Sometime between fall and the subsequent spring of my sophomore year, I made a decision in my thinking that it could be a cool idea to think EXTREMELY differently. I thought "hmm, what if when I was thinking about something, I went right back and thought about that same thing?" This cycle became imprinted in my brain and I began to second guess almost everything, things I had been so sure of for my entire life. Obviously the weed played into my excessive thinking about thinking, but I liked having friends over and smoking so much that I was reluctant to give it up. I began to not recognize myself, I created habits that were not characteristic of me and did poorly in school that semester.   I did, however, recognize that something was extremely wrong with me, and told myself that "no one thought like this" and that I should stop at once. I think this made my mind want to go back to it even more, kind of a reverse psychology thing. I decided one of the only ways I thought I could fix this was by getting a girlfriend. I had a long term girlfriend in high school, and looking back on it I felt as though I was at my best. I had everything under control back then, so I figured it would be a good idea to find a girl and have her help me straighten myself out. I found this really pretty chick, and we've been dating 11 months since then.   She isn't much of a smoker, so I began to lay off my excessive weed use and focus on spending time with her. At first, it felt wonderful to be sober and experience the world again. Over that summer, I probably smoked around 5 times total, got good grades and enjoyed my time with my girlfriend. Fall of my junior year came along, and I felt better than ever and optimistic that my ways of over-thinking were a thing of the past.   I was wrong. As I carried out my every day activities, I would find myself lost in my thoughts and in a complete whirlwind I couldn't get out of. I would be doing something I was naturally very good at doing, like talking to my friends or writing a paper. I would find them extremely difficult. My mind would return to this pattern of overthinking and shoutout thoughts that were completely irrelevant to what someone was talking to me about. The worst part about this was I knew I could do better in these situations, and could say very well-thought out phrases, but would end up only saying a trace of what I wanted to. When talking to my roommate, he would say something to me and I would give him an answer that a zombie would. I could tell he wanted to hear a little more feedback that I'd given him, but I simply didn't know how to get out of my mind. I saw this as a problem, and read "The power of now" by Eckhart Tolle. The book made me feel alive, and gave me glimpses of what it's like to be unattached to my thoughts. In addition, I tried meditating but found it hard to keep up with the habit. Even though I found these methods helpful, I still had the thought in the back of my brain stirring, "keep thinking about what you're doing." I couldn't stop!!!   I would find myself talking to family, doing normal activities, and feel a type of brain twitch while performing them. I'd be listening to my dad speaking to me, and feel a thought intrude saying I needed to "think about what I was thinking," basically. As you can imagine, this was very distracting and frustrating to someone who had no sort of problem with thinking thoroughly in the past. I wasn't sure what to do, I kept looking up different ways to become unattached to my thoughts but ended up even more tangled in them by placing new ones inside my head to help fix the problem. By doing this, I only created more confusion and made me feel completely helpless.   I realized that by giving my mind attention I was only making it more powerful. I would realize this mid-conversation and it made me think about the problem I had, and just end up confused and still struggling with communication. I knew I was addicted to thinking. I just couldn't do anything about it. I knew I should continue meditating, but it wouldn't help stop these intrusive thought from completely ruining my day.   About a month ago, I figured out that I truly was creating/looking for negative perspectives in my head and listening to them and letting them make me miserable and mentally drained. My habit of thinking about thinking had turned into thinking of the absolute worst. This is the polar opposite of how I had been my entire life, a complete optimist who looked at the bright side of things. I knew I had to see a therapist. I felt like shit every single day and that it was pointless to even try to understand my mind anymore. I felt like I was ruining my college years and that made me even more depressed because I didn't know my way out.   I found a therapist who is going to call me in the coming days to test me for ADHD. I can't focus on anything, and my brain hurts almost every day from trying to get it to focus and then drift away to pointless thoughts. February has been up and down, there have been days when I feel great and nothing can stop me while there has also been days when I felt like crap and like I couldn't do anything. I can't write anymore, I can't focus on anything longer than a couple minutes. I can't listen to people and give them solid advice like I used to. I only hang out with a few friends, and my girlfriend because they're all I can handle. One of my good friends that I've known since 2nd grade is my roommate and I find myself barely talking to him and being able to relate to him. I used to be a social butterfly and now it's hard to relate to many people.   I just want to be who I was in high school. Last night I read a post on reddit that someone just let their mind wander when they listened to music, and I let my mind do just that and had a lovely evening. Maybe that's what I need to do. I keep trying different things, trying to find the perfect match. I only smoke once a month nowadays, but it hasn't helped much. I still cannot organize my thoughts :(  Have you guys ever come across something like this crazy amount of thinking? Have you ever forced thoughts into your own head that could be unhelpful to your life, knowing you yourself was doing it? Am I doing the right thing by getting checked for ADHD? It just makes me upset knowing I could be reaching my full potential, but am holding myself back with stupid unnecessary thoughts that started when I began to smoke weed.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I'm trying Concerta again. Anybody out there?;;;Hi all. I'm very new here. Today was the first day I even thought to check if there was an ADHD sub. I haven't read your sidebar yet (though I will, it looks very helpful), so I'm sorry if I break any cardinal rules with this post. Here goes...  I took an 18mg (prescribed) Concerta this morning around 8:30. Last week I decided to try a 56 mg Concerta that I had from a former prescription. It was too intense and I wanted it to stop. Prior to last week I had been off meds for over a year and a half, but before that long break, I was medicated for over a decade, very rarely missing even a days worth of meds.  I'm doing fairly well on the 18 mg today. The "noise" feels dampened without being muted and the front of my head doesn't feel as heavy as it did when I tried the 56 mg last week (though some sensation of weight does still exist). I was more attentive at work than usual, without feeling zoned out (though I did leave a screw driver at a customers house and we had to go back). I've decided to commit to at least a week's worth of 18 mg doses.  I'm a 24 y/o man. I have a Bachelors degree in music performance. I exercise 1-3 hours a day, 4-6 days per week (road cycling and weight lifting). I work off the books for my dad in the home security industry 2-4 days per week. I also have a seasonal part time job teaching the percussion section of a local marching band (currently in the off season).  I'm trying meds again, because I'm unhappy with my work/career situation. I've been working with my dad since I graduated in May of 2012. It's his business so our customers tend to ask if I'll be taking it over when he retires (within 10 years probably). I've given this work a long trial and I'm pretty certain I want to do something else. The problem I'm having is that I have VERY little idea what I want to do.  I know I want to make money (lots of money), that's important to me. But as important is having a job that I can get excited about. I enjoy teaching my percussion students at marching band, but don't see myself teaching music full time (little interest in non-percussion instruments). I enjoy working with my hands and I also enjoy being outside, but neither is a must. I'm very passionate about exercise; more so than music- if I could study as an undergrad again, I'm 98% sure I would have chosen a health/ exercise science major instead of music. I'm too novice in the gym to try personal training, and I'm a mid level cyclist so coaching isn't viable right now either (people want elite level with 10+ years experience).   The point I'm trying to make is, I've been thinking about a career path every day, but have been unable to arrive at any serious decisions- it's frustrating. More frustrating is that now and then I'll come up with an idea, but lack to motivation to research/ pursue that idea.  I didn't have this problem with motivation when I was in school, something that I at least partially attribute to being on meds. I needed to take a break, because I didn't know what it was like to be unmedicated and back then if I skipped a day at a time, it would just leave me feeling out of homeostasis (tired, unusual appetite, confused, unfocused). I've learned to focus enough to work, but I don't feel motivated enough to be successful, so I'm trying meds again.  I hope this post hasn't been rambling. I haven't even really touched on my personal views on ethics/ health issues concerning this stuff (another time maybe).   Can anyone relate? Success stories? Warnings? Problems? Encouragements? Anything you've got, I'm open to.   TL;DR: I'm going back on meds after an extended break in an attempt to find direction and a career path. Can you relate to this experience?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I was diagnosed with ADD when I was a child - I took myself off the medicine when I was 15. Do I need to get rediagnosed?;;;It's been over 10 years since I've taken medication for ADD. I was on Ritalin. I'm 28 and in college now and I'm struggling with classes and focusing on the lectures, I even have trouble with buckling down and doing homework.  I'm scared to take medication and become someone in zombie-mode, is this irrational?  I've always been anxious about doctor visits, but made an appointment with a neurologist. Should I make other appointment(s) at other places? Is there somewhere i can find a list of good doctors in my area?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I was recently diagnosed with ADHD-PI and am wanting to try medication. However I'm worried about potential side effects like tics and obsessive thoughts. What are your experiences?;;;I've been diagnosed with ADHD-PI by a psychologist who specializes in treating educational impairments and learning disabilities. It was nice getting a concrete result from an actual test, unlike my experience with psychiatry.  I'm really worried about potential the side effects of medication due to previous experiences. I'm especially concerned about increased obsessive thoughts and blurting/vocal tics. This is why I'm going to be meeting with a pharmacist to discuss treatment options and potential side effects before meeting with my psychiatrist.  What have your experiences been like?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Where do you go to get diagnosed with adult ADHD?;;;Are you supposed to schedule an appointment with a psychiatrist or do you tell your regular doctor? I am extremely certain I have ADHD. I have always been that guy who can't really focus. I honestly have trouble reading a paragraph in a book without spacing out on some tagent. I have to do something constantly or I lose my mind. This is why I played so many video games as a kid. I also heard people with ADHD have addictive personalities so they can end up overweight from eating a lot and doing drugs as well. I used to be overweight and I loved to eat as an activity because it was something to take up time (weird huh). Anyway where do I go to get a diagnosis and who will prescribe medication? Would I be able to tell them that I want a specific treatment like Adderall instead of Ritalin?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What do you guys know about cheek swab tests for customized meds?;;;Hey guys! I'm a 19/M college student that was diagnosed about five months ago with ADHD-PI. I've been playing around with meds since December -- first got put on Adderall XR 20mg/day, but stopped because the crashes were horrible for me. Then got prescribed Vyvanse 30mg/day, but that felt like I was taking a placebo.  Then, yesterday, I got my dose pushed up to 50mg/day. Can't really tell so far if it's helping or not. Anyway, before I walked out with my prescription, I was administered a cheek swab test that's supposed to find out what medication and dosage combo is most compatible with my metabolism and genetic code. I'm supposed to get the customized prescription in about a month, when my Vyvanse script runs out. So after getting home, I looked this up on the web and found that it's a fairly new technology, but not a lot of other info, and that's why I'm here. I'm curious about others' experiences with this.  So, anybody ever done this test? If you have, what were your results?  edit: clarity and bad writing
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD or Bipolar Disorder?;;;I've struggled with depression and once it got better I got my final diagnosis with ADHD. I have been feeling down lately and I remembered how my new doc asked me about certain things that checked if it was in fact Bipolar Disorder instead of ADHD. All the bipolar specific symptoms didn't seem to pertain to me atm but now sitting here I question if maybe it is actually Bipolar Disorder instead of ADHD. The symptoms are so similar and I'm second guessing myself.  **How do you know for sure if its ADHD or Bipolar Disorder?**
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I Hate everyone;;;No one ive ever met in my entire life has understood me including my family (they have always abused me physically and verbally and emotionally) and always said I was responsible for everything wrong ( even when something went wrong at my father's or mothers work , my brother used to beat the crap out of me whenever I did something that he didn't like ). I've always wanted to become a successful man  And since medication is not available on this shithole which we call a fucking country I am not able to achieve. Now my school teachers.. They always blame me for everything that goes wrong in the classroom.. And deliberately ask questions when I am not paying attention. I told my psychology teacher once she referred me to psychiatrist where I got my diagnosis. But my family says he is faking his symptoms he is a big fat liar So what should I do ??  1. Leave house asap ( I am 17) 2. Call the police  And lastly do I owe anything to my family, friendz and teachers??
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I am so fed up with trying to get diagnosed. others who had a really difficult time, how did you end up following through?;;;I had my first screening with Kaiser Feb 9th. 4 weeks later I called because I hadn't heard anything, and they never received part of my paperwork. fine, I probably didn't put a stamp on it. they send me a new one and two weeks later I still haven't heard anything.   I am recently covered by my partner's insurance, so I go through their mental health site and phone line. They say "oh, your company provides 8 sessions of therapy. you have to use that before you use your health insurance." I tell them my goal is to get assessed for ADHD with subsequent therapy, and am referred to a psychologist.   First session with her was a therapy session. she said she will not diagnose or assess me, I have to go a different route if that's what I want. we'll see where we are in 8 weeks. (I strongly suspect she wants to keep me for the $175 she gets a session, but I digress)  go back to mental health insurance. tell them what I want and if I make an appointment with an MD, will it be covered? Yes. okay, great.   except no one is calling me back. the one guy who did call me back says he doesn't assess people, he only treats and that he would treat me once I have a diagnosis from another MD. I haven't heard from anyone else, or their information is incorrect on my insurance's website and they either don't practice anymore or moved out of area.   why is this such a difficult process?  TL;DR getting blocked everywhere and no one is calling me back to assess me for ADHD.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Was unsure about the first therapist I saw, had a scheduling issue with the second therapist and he's completely booked for another week. I feel like I can't deal with this on my own anymore and spend another week pacing in circles, what should I do?;;;I originally started seeing a therapist a few weeks ago, but decided to check out a new one because I thought he was too quick to assume I have ADHD after I described a few symptoms (I think it's overly/mis-diagnosed) and when I asked about his assessment process it was just a 66 part self-report questionnaire. Obviously if I came in because I'm well versed about ADHD and I think I have ADHD, some self-report is going to say I have ADHD. About a week ago I scheduled an appointment with a new therapist who seems more compatible with me, but there was a mixup with the scheduled time and the earliest he can see me again is in another week (the 25th).  I'm tired of trying to figure this out on my own and I feel like I can't wait another week just to tell the new therapist my symptoms and for him to go "Hmm, yeah sounds like you have issues. We better look more into that next week". I'm really tired of constantly second guessing whether or not I actually have ADHD and I start my first full time job as a software engineer on the 30th  and I'm really worried I'm not going to be able to function and end up getting fired since I struggled quite a bit at my previous internship. I want to buy a couple of books or something on ADHD, but because of my anxiety and hypochondriac nature I don't want to keep reading into it unless I'm sure I actually have it.  It's just really hard to tell because everyone thinks they have ADHD saying something like "I can't pay attention in class", but that's not my issue at all. I've been learning as much as I can about ADHD and at times it's creepy because it sounds like someone is literally describing me, but other times it doesn't sound like me (I generally don't have problems with inhibition). I've never had trouble paying attention in class because I really genuinely enjoy learning new things. For me I have trouble paying attention in conversations, I always space out and lose track of what people are saying which is okay with close friends, but makes it really difficult for me to contribute sometimes and can be embarassing with people I don't know well. I've had close friends describe me as a "space cadet" and a "zoner". I procrastinate horribly with literally everything, and not just homework. Whether it's getting my hair cut, finally reaching out to a psychologist, making food despite being super hungry, getting in the shower, etc. I feel like whatever mechanism makes you go from "I should do that!" and actually going off to do that is broken for me. I have tons of physical energy, all I do is pace around in circles all day while I ponder about stuff, but I have about 15mins-2hours of mental energy at most depending on the day and what I'm working on. When I was in elementary school teachers were concerned I "talked too much", which is really weird because I'm actually very introverted and shy nowadays. The most detrimental thing though, is that I can't finish any sort of project. I always start things and never finish them because I get bored and move onto a new interesting thing, or I just completely forget that I was working on it. I've been programming and playing guitar for 10 years, but I have yet to make an actually useful program or "song" longer than about 45 seconds. My fellow music friends tell me I make cool stuff and they don't understand why I don't turn my parts into full songs, but I just can't get myself to keep working on something for more than a day or two.  What should I do? I'm really concerned because I feel like I really need to get help before I start my job, but I don't like the idea of being medicated (amphetamines are serious business) unless I can be positive I've been correctly diagnosed.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;25/F law student, newly diagnosed, keep making careless mistakes on paperwork at my internship. How can I stop?;;;So I got my diagnosis on Monday after undergoing neuropsych testing a few weeks ago. The psychologist who diagnosed me told me that while my test scores were all in the average to superior range the way I answered questions and the way I performed certain exercises screamed ADHD to her. Like the way I'd impulsively blurt out an answer then change it when I immediately realized I was wrong, the way I grouped things on a memory exercise, and how I sacrificed accuracy for speed on different exercises.     Anyway, while I feel ADHD is a really good explanation for a lot of things about my life (impulsive emotional reactions, constant careless mistakes, etc.) I'm full of self-doubt.     I'm doing an internship with a law firm that specializes in family law (which is what I really really really want to do) right now and a lot of it is very detail oriented work such as adoption paperwork and such and I just...keep making stupid mistakes that my supervisor has already spoken to me twice about (I'm two weeks in).     Are there any other lawyers/law students here who have had this experience/are having this experience? What, besides medication (which I will be starting soon) has helped?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;[rant] Parents' high expectations make me crazy;;;So I have a younger brother (I'm 17 and he's 15) who was diagnosed with ADD about 7 to 9 years ago and has been on medication ever since. My mother is also on the spectrum (apparently). I myself am currently in the testing process, so no definite diagnosis yet.  My parents have *always had higher expectations for me than for my little brother*, and instead of encouraging me to get there *it always shows by them criticizing me for everything I do*. I get an A on a test, they say it's great and then forgotten, I get a low C on another one I have to listen to their lecture about how I need to get my shit together and study more.  I have recently *finally had the courage to ask them exactly why* they keep pushing me to do oh so much (like threatening me with consequences if I don't clean my room, brother's room is worse and he's told nothing etc etc) but not my brother and *the reply was literally "we have already given up on your brother, but we still have hope for you"* (not really sure in regards to what, probably to get my life together?). When I asked why that has to be by pressuring me so much, *they basically said I shouldn't be complaining and that that was basically a compliment* so I should be happy about it.  The problem is, all this stuff they want me to do (clean, complete homework, study regularly, and so on) is incredibly hard for me to do. I mean, *I know what to do, I know how to do it, but I just can't*. Every time I try to clean my room, the first thing I pick up and distracts me. 5 hours and xyz activities later I suddenly remember I was supposed to clean! By then it's always too late. Same with everything else. I have the worst short term memory of anyone I know, and I have problems completing these tasks that are normal for everyone else.  *My parents know how I feel*, and they know I'm getting tested, and *they know my brother is very much capable to do all this* (he's old enough, mature enough, his meds work and he's proven to be capable before) as well, but *still I'm the one getting all the pressure* and he goes out everyday and does nothing.   The worst part is, *I don't think my mum knows that ADD goes beyond not being able to listen in class*, and outright calls me lazy. Additionally *she recently read an article about how every person is able to make the necessary changes in their life and able to concentrate and basically be 'normal' or 'regular' if only they had enough will power to make these changes*. She suggested I read the article as well because it was so 'enlightening'. I never finished it because a) I couldn't concentrate and b) *it was written somewhat rudely and basically invalidated problems caused by ADD*. (Wished my mum would watch Barkley's stuff, sadly she'd never watch anything in English)  *The problem isn't my lacking will power though*, I have it and *I push myself everyday*. At least in school. But after 7 to 10 hours of pushing myself, catching myself every 2 minutes that I am not listening, forcing myself to focus and still missing at least 2/3 of it all, *I am exhausted. So exhausted I can't just come home and keep on pushing to please my parents*. But whenever I try to bring it up, they just won't listen.  I wish they would stop asking so much from me, while claiming I should feel honored that they are. And they should finally see that my brother isn't worth 'giving up' on, just because some of his friends are shady and his life choices are questionable from time to time. *I feel like they are insulting both of us* at the same time. *In the end, he isn't suffering though*, because he doesn't forget the simplest things, he can listen in class, and when he had a stressful day at school there are no expectations waiting for him at home and he can just go out with friends.   **TL;DR My parents are having higher expectations of me than of my brother (he's on meds for ADD, I'm currently getting diagnosed) even though he has his life more together than I do. They go about it in a really negative way and don't really listen to me and my needs so they make me feel worse about myself (and having this condition) daily. I'm also not sure whether they think a 100% that ADD is valid.**  Sorry for ranting, I just had to finally get it off my chest to people who understand.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;What should I do?;;;So, I know for a fact I have ADHD, Depression, Dyslexia, and some Anxiety . I have had them for as long as I could remember, but have never been diagnosed any of them. My brother was diagnosed when he was very little with adhd. I  am 20 yrs old and I have learned how to get by in education and how to cope through every day life. I have many symptoms of ADHD(to many to list) and have had 6 times of almost committing suicide, but only remember why I was feeling like that with  4 of em. I get periods of deep depression every few months. When reading I sometimes jumble up words like switching the spots for example: I like brown dogs. I would sometimes read it like: I like dogs brown. I also had no motivation to go to school throughout my whole k-12 and my grades showed that. My parents never  believed me and so they never got me tested. Now the whole problem is that I was going to get my self tested in 2013, but I have a wife and 1 yro daughter(now about to turn 3). I also was 18 and I had no money for college and was working 2 jobs and could not get state aid for college and my parents never saved. I had no other choice, but to go in the military. I owe my life to the military because it provides for my wife and daughter and the only people in my life that I care about. If it wasn't for my wife and daughter I would have already killed myself. But, it is becoming more and more unbareable dealing with all of my disabilities knowing that if I go to the doctor I would be able to finally retain information/learn! I have tried self medicating with nootropics and any natural supplement you can think of! And this is causing me to get depressed/desperate because I for 1 lied to be able to join the military, but at the same time I have been able to get through everything they through at me and be 2nd in my class, because I am doing this for the people I care about. And 2 that I would be able to get treatment, but most likely kicked out of the military and lose the only thing capable of supporting my family. What should I do? :(
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;A weird request;;;I would like to read about your experience with ADHD .. When you were diagnosed and how was your life before and after diagnosis...
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Adderall XR 20mg daily - dose too low but doc followup isn't for another two weeks - what to do? (also went into detail about diagnosis if anyone's looking for that);;;**tl;dr got diagnosed by a sub at my new doctor's practice. 20mg of Adderall XR doing nothing for me after two weeks. What should i do/will my doc disregard the sub's diagnosis.**  I'm 33 and had ADHD as a kid but never treated. The hyperactivity left me in my teens but the attention stuff never caught up. Have always self managed (without drugs).  Moved to the US last year. About a month ago I did some research on good doctors in my area, and made an appointment with a doctor close to my job who had great reviews online. It's my first time going to a doctor in the US so I registered as a new patient.  The doc I wanted was booked up forever but there was a period when he would be on holiday that a sub would be there, and they had open appointments, so I scheduled for then (wait was around two weeks). When I go back in future I'll get my preferred guy as my regular GP.  I had a chat with the sub for around 15-20 minutes about my history (diagnosed as a kid but never treated - parents didn't want their kid on drugs), the issues I have (attention/distraction, memory, general fog), things I've done all my life to keep myself on track (keeping lists, scheduling tasks, learning by doing etc) and why I feel like I need to do something more (new job has a lot of learning around company practice/structure that I'm finding difficult, trying to learn new software/programming languages to keep up with my field and making literally no progress due to not being able to take in information).  I was prescribed 20mg of Adderall XR. He wrote the script for a generic, but my insurance refused the generic - luckily my deductible is only $15 so I got Adderall.   Initially it was great and I was getting a lot done at work, but after about eight to ten days I honestly don't notice the difference if I take it. I guess I'm slightly more alert than back before I was prescribed but definitely don't have the drive I had for the first week, and I'm back to getting distracted easily/losing half an hour on reddit without noticing.  Today I tried doubling the dosage and am back getting loads done. Energy, concentration, recall are all there. I have no doubt when I go to my doctor he'll up my dosage, but that's two weeks away and it feels a bit pointless taking a 20mg dose every day that does nothing for me.   What are my options? I'm new to the US hence I'm asking what must seem like a really dumb question. Would I be wrong to get in touch and ask him to up dosage? And having been prescribed by the sub, would my doctor be within his rights to just say "I know he gave you Adderall, but I'm not going to" and send me to a psychiatrist/psychologist to get diagnosed?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Drinking tons of water;;;I take adderall xr. Is this normal? Like it gives you dry mouth, so I drink water. But I just feel like, im going through more water than i ever have before. By ever before, I guess im mostly referencing pre-medication, which I got a little over a month ago. I notice on the weekends when I don't take adderall, i dont drink as much water.. maybe 1L tops if i can even get there lol. Like i forget to drink it as well. It just sits there, etc. But on adderall, fuck that water aint gonna sit there, no way. I drink it.  Do stimulants make you drink more? Maybe its a psychological thing. Example, I read on here and online about how you gotta stay hydrated, drink water. So maybe somehow I just started doing it  Or sometimes on adderall I get a slight headache, minor, around temples or stuff. It goes away, or, I start drinking water, tons of it, then it kinda goes away totally.. Not sure if its becuase of the water or what  But im saying, so far today , ive drank 1.5L which is about 50 oz of water  So i can see myselef probably drinking another 500mL and thats usually where i top off.. 2L a day  today is no different. yesterday i did 2L, today is gonna be 2L too i can see it. 2L is 67 oz  Is this too much or what? I feel fine, just pee a lot at times  Pee is light yellow / clearish, so I reckon thats normal
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Effects of Concerta/other medication on long/short term memory;;;I'm currently in second-year engineering student and I have always been a hopelessly forgetful person. I'd forget assignements and form due datesm, lose gloves etc but I'd always manage to struggle by somehow.   I was recently tested and diagnosed with ADHD-inattentive and I have been on Concerta 18mg for about a week now and I feel little effects if not any (Routine: I drink some coffee, study pretty consistently and then crash. This is normal).    So, essentially no change has been felt.  I have always had trouble with long-term memory (short term is awful as well). During family get-togethers my family would recall long-past events. I'd recall nothing for a lot of them, and if I did recall anything it would be foggy and I would have no sense of when the event took place - just the foggy memory with no timestamp. It's very sad knowing that good moments in my life have been lost to the tide of time and that there is no way to retreive them.  I couldn't find research that had a direct before/after meds with specific test-subject examples.  My Question:  Is there any hope for long-term memory improvements with Concerta or other medication? Retreval of past, forgotten memory improvements due to increased concentration on retreval process? Is there a start of a "mental timeline" once medication kicks in? Have your cognitive functions improved in any other ways?  For Example: "I took my medication last tuesday, before Tuesday was foggy but since then events have become a little more ordered and clearer. On Tuesday I did this..."  TL;DR Diagnosed with ADHD-inattentive , started taking 18mg of Concerta and feel very little. Saddened that long-term memories are foggy and out of place. I was wonding if anyone could share their experience about the difference in memory before and after their medication was working. Are the old memories clearer? Do you develop a mental-timeline of past events in your head after the medication starts working?   Thanks!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Possible ADHD and dealing with parents.;;;Hi there, I want to start off by saying first that I am not currently diagnosed with ADHD. I am diagnosed with GAD and MDD.  Long, long story short my therapist and I think that I may have primarily inattentive ADHD. He's suggested that I speak to it with my psychiatrist on my next visit. That's all well and good.  Unfortunately I also have to deal with my parents. They're supportive and all, but I've always been fairly high functioning, so I don't know whether or not they'll agree with the possibility. They have a tendency to be quite vocal.   Assuming my psychiatrist agrees it's a possibility and everything else checks out we come to medication. My parents are pharmacists, and again, have a tendency to be vocal in their opinions.  What I'm basically afraid of is my mother or father deciding that I can't have ADHD based off of what they see, and causing a problem.  It would seem like it wouldn't be a real concern, but unfortunately it is. My mom has gone as far as to count the number of xanax I'd taken, because sins of the father, I guess.  *TL;DR: Parents are pharmacists. I hide the issues I do have with getting work done and procrastination by virtue of the fact I am high ability. Legitimately afraid of parents accusing me of just trying to get stimulants.*
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;My brother has ADHD and I could use some advice.;;;Honestly, I don't know that much about ADHD. My brother is 26 (I am 23) and he was diagnosed with it when he was a kid. I can't remember a time when he wasn't taking one drug or another. We live together in an apartment and attend the same university.   Anywho, he's always had this thing where he is compulsively doing something with his hands. I assume it has something to do with his ADHD. In high-school he would always have a Rubik's Cube with him and be solving it when his hands were free. Later he abandoned that and would always have a deck of cards with him and be shuffling or otherwise fiddling with it. Neither of these things bothered me.  Sometime in the last year couple years, however, he abandoned the deck of cards and instead began twisting/touching his hair. He does this **constantly**. I am not exaggerating when I say that the *only time* when one or both of his hands are not fiddling with his hair is when both are preoccupied with something or - I assume - when he is sleeping.  I'll get to the point - this post is more about me than it is about him. I can't really pinpoint the how or the why, but I have a *visceral* reaction to the hair-touching. I feel the need to flinch and cringe away from it in the same why that I might cover my eyes from excessive gore in a film. If he is in the passenger seat of my car I have to drive with one eye shut because I can't stand that he never stops touching his hair. I can't have a conversation with him without flinching and averting my gaze because it bothers me so much. I can't watch movies or TV with him. I can barely stand to be in his presence anymore. It's like [Misophonia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Misophonia) but with hair-touching instead of certain sounds.   It really bums me out, because I don't dislike my brother at all. I have considered whether this might be the manifestation of some deep-seated prejudice, but I really don't think it is. I've asked him to stop before, and sometimes he does...for about a minute. I don't push the matter because I can't think of a way to address it without causing offense.   Anywho, I guess if anyone has any ideas about what is going on here I'm looking for advice. I'm really not sure where else on reddit I could ask about this, seeing that it is at least tangentially related the ADHD. Sorry if this is the wrong place to post this and that it's so long. I've really never had such a visceral reaction to anything like this before and I'd like to get past it.   EDIT: It might also be helpful to know that my immediate and extended family are like a melting pot of mental disorders. I myself have thus far *only* had to deal with mild anxiety and depression.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I've never known what's wrong with me and idk how to ask a doctor.;;;Story time..   Im a 21 year old female, thats undiagnosed with whatever I have.  Growing up I knew I didn't think like most kids. I read a book, listen to a conversation, have a conversation or even just thinking to myself, one word will jump out at me and my brain goes down a whole different trail. For example, if I'm listening to a teacher explain how to calculate the speed of a car depending on the time it took from point A to point B, my brain grabs the word car and I start thinking about how I need to wash my car and from there I think about if I should do it by hand or go somewhere to do it. And it goes on and on and on. That happens with every conversation I have or book I read.   Another thing that I've had a problem with since I was three years old is crying. 90% of the time when I start to cry I can't stop. Then I get frustrated that I can't stop crying so I cry even harder and I can never talk when I'm crying, no matter how hard I try. Sometimes I'll just randomly in the middle of a conversation (thankfully it happens only around family) start crying and the only words I can force out is "I have no idea why I'm crying". It pisses me off beyond belief.  My husband hates visiting my family with me because our conversations jump around so much, we don't even notice that we don't finish a topic of conversation before moving on to the next which results in me being at my families house for hours just talking...   I always have 20 different things I'm constantly thinking about at the same time. So my brain always feels full and I constantly feel stressed due to not being able to finish what I start. But then when I try to tell my husband why I feel stressed I can't give him the exact reasons why I feel that way because it's almost like I *forget*.   I dropped out of High School due to the frustration of taking tests and swearing that the teachers didn't teach half of what they put on the tests.  I always told my mom that I was different and I needed to talk to a doctor but she would get pissed and just say I was lazy and a " fizzler" and I don't take anything seriously.  One last thing is I don't remember my childhood. Nothing traumatic ever happened to me, my parents where typical parents. My mom was easy to anger but other than that, nothing bad has happened to me. I remember age 15 and up, anything below that age is extremely spotty.    When I call the Dr.s to make an appointment the receptionist asks what's it for,what do I say its for?  How do I start telling the Dr all of the shit thats different about me, that I didn't even know was different until I told my husband.  Sorry my shits so long. This is my first time telling someone thats not related to me, my "story"..
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Vyvanse high... I think;;;Well Oops, I accidentally took two 40mg capsules of Vyvanse within 10 mins... but I'm actually feeling really good. First some backstory, Im 14 years old, 5'10ish, 132 pounds, and a freshmen in high school.    You may ask, "How did you manage to take them within 10 mins of each other" in which my answer would be I don't know, lol. Probably because I'm a high school student stressing about the end of the year and I have the memory of a goldfish but... wait what am I talking about? JK, now back to the story.   I had 2 hours to start and finish an essay that had to be emailed to my teacher by midnight so I decided to take the pill (pills). Now I haven't taken vyvanse in a few months because: 1.) I didn't think i needed them, 2.) i didn't like the way they make me feel, and 3.) I didn't think it worked but mis padres convinced me to try (Oops, i forgot to mention i have ADD). But last night i was having a hard time focusing so i decided to take it. So within the first twenty mins i didn't feel a thing, which is normal, but thirty mins in i started to feel the effects. I cranked the essay out and went up to bed, but I couldn't fall asleep so i just got my laptop out and started watching netflix/youtube. As time went on i began to feel a little weird but i just took it as my body trying to tell me to go to sleep. So I tried falling asleep again but i couldn't so i went back on my laptop and started watching some cs:go videos (for those who don't know CS:GO is a competitive first person shooter game for the computer). As i surfed the web some more i got the urge to get better at the game so i went on a hardcore research stage and this continued for about 2 hours.  So now, 3 and 1/2 hours after i took the pills i started to feel really weird. At first i wanted to puke, my tongue was dry, and my jaw started to hurt because i was clinching it a lot (i also felt a little tingly, and my heart rate went up a bit). But about 10 mins after that felt the best i have ever felt before in my life. It wasn't like a 420 blazing dank memes feeling but more like a day at the spa kind of thing. I felt very motivated so i started to research the side effects of vyvance and things like that and it turns out that some of the stuff I'm feeling now is somewhat normal, but i also got scared because some of the stuff happening to me was under a "sign of overdose" thing and a "CONTACT DOCTER IMMEDIATELY" thing so i thought i was going to die... but i didn't so that's pretty cuuul.  Now about 6 hours later I'm still feeling the "normal" effects of the drug and I'm still more motivated to do stuff than i have ever have been before. It is roughly 4:38 AM and I haven't sleep all night. The feeling of being on a cloud, slowly passing through candy land is gone but I'm still not fully lucid and an not cognizant of everything. Actually, as I'm typing this the numbness in my finger and toe tips is coming back but it is as bad.   Now 4:45, i am still grinding my teeth/clinching my jaws and stilling feeling a little whack. I haven't yet experienced anything bad or a crash of any sort.   SO, DID I JUST EXPERIENCE A HIGH OR OVERDOSE ON VYVANSE AND IF SO, SHOULD I TELL MY PARENTS ABOUT THIS OR KEEP IT TO MYSELF.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Please help. I'm grappling with something very difficult... I think you guys are the only ones who might understand.;;;I have ADHD. After learning a lot about this disorder I am extremely confident that my Father has it as well. He was diagnosed with ADHD in the 70's when he was in grade school, this combined with his actions as long as I've known him indicate that he probably really does have it. My whole life he hasn't been a very good parent. Luckily, we almost always had enough because my grandmother would give my father money etc if there was a chance that we could lose the roof over our heads or not have enough to eat. My father could never keep jobs, he was kicked out of the Army,he has several (if not dozens) of failed relationships, and my life was frequently uprooted as subject to his impulse. I see myself and my disorder in him and his actions. Because of his actions I eventually came to be raised from age 13-18 by his sister, my aunt. She was grew frustrated and resentful of me for things that I now realize are mostly caused by ADHD. After she kicked me out at 18 (we have thankfully since mended our relationship) I was eventually able to seek help and I've begun treatment for my ADHD. Over the years I have grown extremely resentful of my father's inaction as a parent and provider. However, I see that my father was largely failed by the society and system that he grew up in. After having so many people give up on him I feel that at some point he gave up on himself. **I can't say I would've faired any differently in his situation** This disorder severely impaired his chance at a happy, successful life. I just don't know how to approach him regarding all of this. Do I try to reconcile with him? Can I help change his self stated and outwardly expressed belief that he isn't a good person? I fucking hate this disorder.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I just want to be normal;;;I am 14 years old and I am so frustrated. Everyone thinks I'm so stupid. I know I'm smart. My best friend is too of the class with strait A's and I can never finish projects. Everyone thinks I'm so stupid! I've been called stupid ever since the fourth grade and I am getting so fed up! They give me readers and extra time. I just want to be normal. I was diagnosed with ADD on Friday and I am taking Concerta. I just had to let this out. I want to be normal like everyone else. Sorry this is so scattered.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Having a different sleeping schedule?;;;If I wake up at 9:30 am and take adderall XR and go to bed at 12:30am, thats 15 hours awake time  but lately ive been wondering, what if i was to just say you know what, screw waking up on a guaranteed "regular folk" time, that you never can realistically stick to. I have good intentions, like im gonna wake up at 8am or some shit, but it seems so often, it slips away from me, and i go from 8 am, to waking up at 9am, to 9 30am, then the next day 10 am, 10 30 am.. and of course each of these nights, going to bed later and later.. Its like i try to stick to a routine, but its not always working out  so i thought what if i just stop trying to meet these deadlines and just operate in a fashion where it doesnt matter what time you wake up or go to sleep, as long as your awake time is roughly 15 hours or so.. and your sleep time is 8-9 hours  so if i wake up at noon, i take adderall XR, and then go to bed at 3am = 15 hours awake time  or if somehow things shift and i wake up at 1pm instead of noon, then take adderall xr, and then go to bed 15 hours from the time i woke up, which would mean bed time is 4am, but so what right? as long as im awake the same amount of time  I realize that if i keep waking up and going to bed at odd times, ill be disconnected with the rest of the world in a way, but i work from home and im just wanting to find out if maybe this is easier for me to do it this alternative way  1. Does anyone else do this? 2. I wonder if the adderall would still be effective  Ideally, i still want to do the regular 9-5 thing sleeping schedule.. Its just not always working out even though I want it to. Maybe it has to do with this http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24117273 or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circadian_rhythm_sleep_disorder  I just feel like, I start out with good intentions, but my sleeping schedule continually shifts by one hour and just keeps getting bumped up and bumped up.. To the point where i FEEL like its too late to take adderall XR.. so thats why now i started wondering hey maybe as long as you are awake the same amount of hours (15 hours), it dont matter what time you goto bed, and adderall should still work. I might try this out
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How my adhd broke a door...;;;So this happened around 3 years ago (I was 13) during school.  A little background knowledge; I've been doing martial arts since I was 5, and have really strong legs...and very solid kicks. At the point in time this story is from I could easily kick a punching bag over from a still front kick.  So I will was at school and everyone was exiting for recess. I was talking to my friend we'll call 'B'. I was using my hands to explain some to B so I decided to push the door open with my foot. So still talking to B I lifted my leg to push the door (I was going to push the bottom part of the door, lightly, not a salon style door opening) But because im me this couldn't NOT go wrong.  I somehow managed to zone out mid way through lifting my leg, so defaulting back to what I usually do when I lift my my leg like that...   I kicked...  Hard.  Now I was aiming for the bottom of the metal part of the door that is around 9" thick on the parameter of the door.  When I kicked I hit the glass that was in the middle. The sound of it shattering cut through the sounds of the busy hallway, everybody stopped and stared.  This glass I just broke was reinforced, designed to withstand hits and keep burglars\unwelcomed people out. No one has ever even cracked it before. I had just broken it... I was freaking out almost in tears because I was sure I was going to get in tons of trouble. Most of the teachers hated me at the school (see undiagnosed ADHD) and would love to see me suspended.  The Vice principal called me into his office.  He looked at me,  Took his glasses off  And... He started Laughing!?!  Apparently he found it hilarious and I got away scott free! My parents didn't even have to pay for the glass.   From that day on I was known as "anger issues" by my classmates.   THE END   TL;DR: I managed to kick through reinforced glass after zoning out... Yup
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;This is your daily service announcement reminding you how important exercise on vyvanse it. (My personal experience today, story inside);;;I usually exercise every morning, doing a combination of cardio/strength but I injured myself doing a ballet workout and had to stop half way through. For the rest of the day I felt very odd, and near the afternoon I started getting extreme out of body anxiety, something felt wrong and I couldn't quite pin point it. On top of that, i was home alone, which made it so much worse. For a brief moment I actually doubted that I was myself. Maybe this is just an odd occurrence but after doing cardio for 30 minutes I felt 100x better. So, moral of the story guys, exercise (especially cardio) is SO important. As well as staying hydrated, sleep, and proper nutrition. Cannot iterate this enough. Have a nice day folks.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;The problem was my professor, not me. [rant]?;;;I registered for a 5.5 week summer class. It was on online course, something I've had no issue with after taking four online courses. The only material we got from the professor was a "study guide"  that essentially told us to study the entire unit (3 chapters, 5-6 sub-chapters each). The chapters were long and in depth enough, that one could get a 30 question test from each chapter. I had no idea what to focus on, so I emailed the prof for clarification and got a poem about being responsible in response.   I then reached out to my other classmates, asking if someone who has taken a test to contact me to discuss. Turns out, this student took 2 tests already and despite spending ~12 hours per unit studying the material in depth, got 10 out of 30 questions wrong.  She described the questions as deliberately confusing and twisted. We agreed that we are both above average academically an tested well, but that this prof and his class was an absolute shit-show. She told me she planned on dropping the class, as her GPA was 3.9 and didn't want this clads to fuck it up.   After confirming that I was not the asshole here,  i dropped the class, with the official reason being that the instructor was not doing a satisfactory job. The instructor is informed of my dropping and the reason. Luckily I picked up a class for the 2nd 5.5 week session so I don't have to deal with financial aid consequences, but I lost out on 100% of the money I paid for this class. Plus,  I not have to pay for the new class, though it's all worth it in my opinion. Also, my state only allows a certain number of withdrawls for your entire undergrad, so I had to use one due to no fault of my own.   I'm glad that I am not the idiot here.I was starting to feel very discouraged, to the point of tears. RateMyProfessor reviews corroborated the experiences of the other student and myself, so I will sure take that site into consideration next time I register.   Shitty teachers and professors are the worst, and it is especially frustrating when you are also dealing with ADHD, since it's sometimes hard to tell if it's THEM or YOU that is the  issue.   I guess I'm just posting to share my story, as well as hear some stories from others who might have experienced this same thing... It's nice to know you aren't alone
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;My experience so far on Adderall XR;;;- I've lost a lot of interest in things I used to waste endless time on. I still like the same shows, I still like what I liked before.. but it's hard to find time to watch tv shows or do shit like that.. maybe because now im actually in gear and getting stuff done?? Maybe now im busier, idk   I don't view this as the end of the world....as its far more important that I keep my eye on the prize, doing work, focusing on important stuff, so that my life improves financially, etc.. but god damn I used to be so into game of thrones and so many shows, and its just hard to find time to sit down and watch them now.  - Another thing I noticed, even when I DO try to watch what i want to watch, i find myself wandering off.. to go do other shit.. Before, I could easily dedicate myself to a tv show.. **The only time i dont wander off now, is when im doing IMPORTANT stuff that actually matters** Funny how that works.  - Sleep is much harder than without adderall, this is probably common im sure  - **Feeling Incredible when I do take it:** When I wake up early, slept adequate hours (before waking up), and take my adderall XR, I just feel so incredible. Not right away, but once I eat. I take it once I wake up, then 30 mins later I eat breakfast. After that, i just feel fucking amazing. Almost like im on top of the world. I can't remember if I truly felt like this before I got my meds.. Maybe I might have some days, i dunno, its hard to say  Does anyone else feel this way? It just makes me feel like god damn, I don't ever want to stop taking this shit. I almost feel like its kinda artificial in a way. Like before meds, I don't think i felt incredible each and everyday.. vs if I take adderall everyday, I feel pretty fucking amazing (assuming there are no negative factors, like not sleeping enough)  Its not the euphoria. I'm well past that. It's just a general sense of amazingness. Also I can't help it but secretly love the fact that this shit gives you lots of energy, physically..  But I know deep down, I don't want to be taking adderall for the next 20 years.. so im trying to create plans to set my self up in such a way where I only need it for the next few years, then I can just hire people etc
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Tired after taking adderall + other issues;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD about 7 or 8 years ago but due to many reasons I didn't take any medication for the past 5 years. I just started taking Adderall (20mg XR in the morning + 20mg IR in the afternoon.) I did take Adderall before when I was first diagnosed also.   I have been on Adderall for about 3 weeks now. The first week or so I felt really productive and able to do a lot of long term projects I have been putting off. Now that feeling has pretty much worn off. I will say that my mind is much more quiet (if that makes sense) and that I have an easier job focusing once I get started on a task. I also have an easier job of controlling my temper. However, I feel very tired most of the day, almost to the point of lethargy. What is up with that? I stopped drinking coffee when I started Adderall because the caffeine made me jittery but maybe I need to start adding some back in or something. I used to drink around 8 cups of coffee a day so that was a change for me.  The other issue that I have right now is I got a UTI for the first time in a long time. I read that UTIs could be a side effect of Adderall, has anyone else had that experience? I'm taking antibiotics for that right now also.   If anyone has experienced either of these issues I would like to hear about it and what worked to make you feel better/less tired.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;26/F Bilingual graduate, and recently diagnosed with ADHD. My experiences with Strattera and Adderall;;;Long time lurker here, just thought I'd share my experiences with you guys in regards to how I was diagnosed and my experiences so far with medication management.    **Background:** I was never diagnosed as a child, but my brother did.  As far as school goes, I was in special ed/small classes along with ESL (English second language) because I was struggling with academics.  My parents didn't think much of it because they thought it was a language barrier.  They always spoke Vietnamese to me at home, and still do.  Despite the struggle, I was never really considered hyperactive like my sibling, just very spacy, highly sensitive, and talkative (talking over people all the time).  At one point in elementary, I wasn't allowed to go to the bathroom by myself because I had spent nearly an hour playing with polly pockets and silly putty instead of being in class.   Eventually, people started to imply I was stupid, and it sort of developed into anxiety well into adulthood.     Fast forward, I went on to get my Bachelors in Nursing. I no longer had ESL or special ed classes to rely on or study hall.  I always came in early to get help from my professors. The process was a bit of a mess, and I only took 2-3 classes at a time because I wanted that high GPA. And this was all without having a job.  My parents were very supportive of me.   **Diagnosis:**  I hit a wall at work as a Nurse, and nearly got fired for being “me.” I could no longer hide my symptoms; I actually had to socialize.  Went to my doctor's office to bring up the issue and got referred to a psychologist for further testing.  After hours of testing via personality, IQ, TOVA, and an interview, I got diagnosed with ADHD w/ comorbid anxiety.   **Medication experience:**  Strattera- Strattera was the first med I was on.  The effects of the medication was barely noticeable, and I gradually titrated up to 60 mg. However, I did notice that I didn't talk over people as much, and I didn't have 50 thoughts shooting off all at once.  But I didn't notice much of a change in my attention span or organization.   Adderall IR-I told my doctor about this, and she prescribed me Adderall IR. ER was not prescribed because I also have insomnia issues. I had also stopped Strattera.  My first night trying it out was at work. It took about 30 minutes to kick in after taking it, and it felt very “quiet” in my head.  I wasn't jumping all over the place in terms of what I wanted to do first.  I had a sense of direction, and my reports were concise and to the point.  But, I didn't feel the euphoria as a lot of people were describing in some threads.  The downfall though, was that it only lasts about 4-5 hours for me before I start getting disorganized in thought again.  My impulsive showed its rear end when I started immediately regretting some of things said to my co-workers.       Extremely dehydrated and my bladder hurts. I went home and had at least 20 or more internet tabs open, TV on while texting people on my phone and telling my dog how pretty she is.  My clothes were everywhere because I forgot to put them in the hamper.  And now I'm squinting while typing this because I don’t know where I've put my glasses all while looking stuff up for my next art project that I won't finish.   **TL;DR:**  I grew up bilingual and didn't get diagnosed with ADHD until well after college. Strattera helped a little, and I don't think Adderall IR will work because it doesn't last when I need it to.    **Question:** Need longer lasting medication, but I also don't want to stay up all night and have the ADHD symptoms come rushing back.  Advice?  Edit: Reformatted, and added more detail to strattera exp.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Today was my most productive day in about a month;;;I woke up this morning at 5am, ready to start my day. Did a morning workout for the first time ever (not a morning person), took a shower after, and got into work early.  I worked through my shift and was incredibly productive. These days are nice to remember when the shit ones come around. I'm very close to getting the results on my diagnosis though, so hopefully I won't have to put my faith in the cosmos anymore in regards to productivity.  Feel free to share your productive days too :)
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Social skills ( being too naive );;;I was recently diagnosed with ADHD. And one part of my life I have never understood is that why I am so naive . Let me share one of MANY MANY experiences . Once my friend said lets hang out at my apartment building . I was cool with that as I thought hanging out would be Playing video games, having a few beers etc ... Next day my friend arrived with his another friend ( i had no idea who the fuck he was)  I showed them my apartment and told them be comfortable and that I'll be back after a shower ( as I cleaned my whole apartment that day .. Thanks to my ADHD it has always been a mess ) . The moment I came out of shower. One of my rooms was locked from the inside and knocked several times and when he opened the door.. I was shocked these 2 filthy b******s were smoking pot are you kidding me that could have got me arrested .. Is that relatable ??
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I hate myself so much;;;I'm so stupid. I'm not smart, never tried to be or pretended to be. I work as a pool attendant at a resort. I really like my job and I get to meet some cool people but I make a lot of mistakes. One of my first days there my boss asked me to move a huge ass box of hot dog buns into the food shed. I just tossed them into the food shed, didn't even think to put them in the fridge. A couple days later my boss told me she had to throw them all out because they got all stale and gross and because I didn't put them in the fridge. Fuck. I make a lot of mistakes like these, my boss is super nice and is understanding, but even she has her limits. We have a log book at work so people who work different shifts can communicate with each other, and it's not uncommon for something to be written in there about something bad that I did or something that I was supposed to do but didn't.    I come into work this morning and say "Hey guys" and my boss and coworker just ignore me. I open up the logbook thing we have and see a page long note saying something along the lines of "the pool deck was a mess and someone left the freezer door open and $200+ of stuff had to be thrown away. Fuuuuuckkkk.     I remember leaving work at 10:30 and stopping before I left the pool deck to ask myself if I forgot anything. I had my keys wallet and phone I remembered to clean and cover up the grills. The deck looked really nice to me. I was actually proud of myself when I left because for the first time I felt like I actually did everything I was supposed to.     You guys wanna know why I left the freezer open? I grabbed myself an ice pop when I went into the food shed to turn the music off. A mother fucking ice pop. And I forgot to close the freezer. How much stupider can I get?     I mentioned to my coworker today that last night coworker xyz jumped into the pool and chilled there so it was pretty  much me closing. I didn't really mean anything by it, I was just making small talk. She looks at me and says "tell [boss] What you just told me"     My coworker told me that my ass was on the line and that my boss had been talking shit about me and how I was lazy and never do anything all day and that I was probably gonna get fired. I told her I'm not gonna get my coworker fired but she went up to my boss and told her about how my coworker last night got into the pool so I had to close by myself.    My boss came up to me earlier and asked me how I was feeling, and she asked if I was comfortable with moving to the morning shift and getting to work at 7 am. I know why she's doing that, she wants someone who isn't a dipshit to close. I usually close by myself or with one other person so she'll probably switch me out with someone who is actually capable of doing their job. She wants me to work the morning since that's when the most people work and there's less of a chance for me to fuck shit up.     I'm just at work right now feeling like shit and hating myself. I deserve this feeling. I feel like I just got my coworker fired.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Newbie here....;;;Hi, I'm 43 and was just diagnosed with ADHD predominantly inattentive of the severe variety.  I'm new at this so I'm not quite sure what comes next.    My psychologist hasn't issued any meds yet (he said the nurse practitioner who usually did had recently died of cancer).  Is there anything I should know or ask about when he does prescribe something?  Also, my testing took 7 hours (though the insurance company said that they would only cover 3) is this normal?  Or was this my psychologist's OCD acting up?  I had been planning to go back to school for creative writing (whatever this is that I have used to be far far worse, I've learned to cope with it over the years), will the meds affect my creativity?  Can anybody recommend any good books?  Is there anything else I should ask but haven't?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I can't live like this anymore;;;I'm a 21 year old male living in the UK, and my life so far is a monumental disappointment. I was diagnosed with ADHD at age 13 after being "forced" to see a child psychiatrist by my mother, i was so angry with this, I barely finished the session and was grumpy throughout. At the time, i wasn't very self aware, I didn't see anything wrong with my behaviour so I refused to go back to the therapist or take medication of any kind, I took it as an insult. Whenever my mother would speak to my school teachers and they'd talk about my behaviour and their concerns with me present, I felt like I was being cheated and lied about which would result in me storming off in anger every single time without fail.  In the last few years, i've become consciously aware of myself and my actions, I understand a lot more about responsibilities and accountability and I am well behaved. I was a nightmare in my childhood, as well as having ADHD, I have ODD (oppositional defiance disorder) which is common for people with ADHD. This made things a lot more difficult for me in the long run with regards to school and run-ins with the police (from age 11 onwards). I was extremely hyper active and "trouble seeking", hitting classmates was a normal thing for me (to this day I cannot understand the logic behind this) which tapered off during my high school years. I was constantly reminded that I had all of this potential that I intentionally wasn't putting to use. I would argue with teachers about their punishments for my behaviour every time I got into trouble, which would result in harsher punishments. I refused to follow the rules mostly because I despised the rule makers and didn't see the point in their rules or the importance of school work. To this day, people of authority are more rage inducing than anything to me. As an adult, i've failed in college multiple times, I did well in my GCSE's only because you could get away with knowing very little in high school and still pass with good grades. I didn't pay attention in class nor did I do any work at home, but in the rare instance that I did do my work in class, I absorbed information quickly and this was enough to get by. The moment I began classes in college, I knew I was doomed, school had always been a burden for me but this was different, there was so much planning required for large projects and research to be done for weekly assignments, nobody to monitor you like they did in high school, I felt completely alone. It was extremely overwhelming and I hated every moment of it. As you can probably guess, the only way I completed my assignments was handing them in last minute because when the pressure is on, my mind starts working all of a sudden and realises the importance of the situation. This continued until the end of the academic year. I got my test results, and much to my dismay, I failed every class.  The following year I went to a different college and took a completely different course, it was business oriented, which seemed to fit me a little better. I was still struggling to get my work done (or attend the college daily for that matter) and was only capable of doing my assignments under pressure. This method worked for me until the end of the academic year whereby the workload became too much to handle, this time was different, my mind was in overdrive, more so than usual, I cracked, I just left college and never returned. That was a little over three years ago. I've since enrolled in other courses and quit within the month because of how helpless and depressed it made me feel, so much anxiety and hopelessness, any time I tried to start an assignment, suicide was my immediate thought, it just seemed easier.  As you can imagine, I feel completely demoralised and dejected and lack any purpose whatsoever. I went from being an extremely confident person (somewhat cocky as well) to a person who constantly doubts himself and isn't sure of himself, I have very low self esteem which has stopped me from pursuing relationships with the opposite gender despite being in shape and receiving quite some attention from the females back in college, it doesn't help me feel any better. The only time I feel somewhat happy is when i'm with friends, most of whom have left the city to work/study abroad and the ones that remain either work full time or are actively looking for jobs or working on their masters degree, so i don't see my friends very often. I live with my parents and i'm not very productive. Depression and anxiety have taken over my life to an incessant degree which has resulted in derealisation (which is quite terrifying in and of itself). Awful sleep quality for the last few years has only made things worse (probably due to anxiety &amp; depression) and the cycle continues . Nothing motivates me, the one good thing I have going for me is making a habit out of going to the gym, I have a decent amount of prior experience which made it an easier habit to form, too bad it doesn't improve my sleep and I feel awful waking up each day. Sorry for rambling, I had to get this out, i've written long posts in the past and decided they weren't worth anyone's time, this one may not be any different. I don't know what to do anymore, or so it seems.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;[meta] there are no adults;;;I don't know when but somewhere around the age of 18 I realized that adults aren't in control. They don't know everything.  They too get scared. They too fail. That made me feel like the world is unsafe. That nobody is in control. But I dealt with it. And I was okay with it after a while.   When I was diagnosed with ADHD at 31 I sort of felt the same way. Because I started looking into the statistics of mental health, and as it where a surprisingly large part of the worlds population have some sort of mental disorder, condition or problem. We're all mad. Or at least, most of us aren't normal. Which is a paradox I guess. Anyway.   My point, or the lesson I learned rather, is that no matter how safe and secure "the others" seem to be, it usually turns out that they are just as scared (and mad) as you. Their confidence and sanity is your illusion.   Or, that's my impression and experience at least. Hopefully it could serve as motivation or at least comfort to someone else.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Vyvanse stabilizing mood, causing crazy weight gain?;;;I was diagnosed with adhd (inattentive type) as well as a learning disability as a kid but my Mom chose not to medicate me. At 25 I have decided to try vyvanse because I start uni in a few months.   I've been on 30 mg for three weeks now and firstly I really like it. The sort of speedy feeling went away after a few days and I'm finding myself more able to concentrate, more productive and actually muchless depressed. Maybe being able to get out of bed to run errands and clean my appartment has improved my self esteem. I can be a little zombie like at the end of the day but it's a great improvment over the mood swings (I think my BF appreciates it too)  One thing- The dr weighed me before writing the  scipt - 5'6 122 pounds. Today I clock in at 140. Almost 20 pounds in three weeks! I knew I was gaining cause none of my clothes fit. I don't THINK I have been eating more or worse. I don't ever feel hungry, I just eat three meals a day so I don't crash. I even have been good about cooking lots of veggies with dinner. I work in a health food store and used to snack on the bulk stuff all day. Now I don't even think about food. I did used to skip breakfast often but now I eat two eggs with brown toast cause the vyvanse makes me feel bad on an empty stomach.   I've been too the gym 5 times in the last 3 weeks and I think I had the energy to give it more of a go than ussual. I also started delivering veggies on a bike trailer once a week so I figure that's extra exercise. Plus I have always walked to and from work.  One other thing, the vyvanse increased the amount of cigerettes I smoke. Maybe that's it?  Anyway, my dr assured me I'm still a healthy weight but if this keeps up I'll have to stop vyvanse and I'm having a positive experience with it overall
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Had a row with my boyfriend yesterday and he said "You literally cannot cope with anything". I know he's right. How does AD(H)D affect your relationships?;;;Hi guys! I feel so frustrated this week. I feel like I'm running out of options and things to try and I just can't seem to turn myself into a functioning adult, no matter how hard I try. I'm sure it will get better eventually but I just need to vent.  **some context** I was diagnosed with ADD only recently (I'm a female in my mid20s). Before this I had a history with stimulant abuse (amphetamine). I used stimulants solely for productivity and mood-stabilization so when I sought help my therapist referred me for an ADD test and the results were very obvious. It came as a surprise to me; I've always just thought that I was simply a malfunctioning adult for some reason.   **The issue** I just moved in with the boyfriend. Before this we had a long distance relationship. I thought moving in together would drastically improve my symptoms because it means I have a more settled lifestyle and don't have to travel every weekend.   In fact, it has been a frustrating experience. Because we've only recently moved I spend most of my days (when I don't work) in an unfinished house which makes things a lot worse for me. In stead of having a day off I set myself high goals in the morning "I want to unpack this, organize this, paint that" etc. When I don't manage (and I never do, really) my inner monologue becomes more and more negative.    In addition; i don't even know what it's like to have a nice day off by myself. I don't have the patience to watch a film, I don't have the discipline and motivation to get into a hobby. I don't actually have any hobbies I can partake in when I'm at home. I just browse the internet all day (hello there 12 google chrome tabs) and do useless shit.   By the time boyfriend comes home in the evening I am an emotional frustrated mess. I feel guilty because 1. I am so tired emotionally that I feel like I can't be the enthusiastic upbeat girlfriend anymore and 2. because he comes home to a house that is still unfinished. What am I even supposed to tell him about my day "I wanted to do this but then I couldn't manage and just sat on the sofa for an hour feeling bad and stroking the cat".   From this point on I just cannot seem to have a nice evening anymore. It's not like I'm horrible to him but whenever something really insignificant goes wrong, for example when I'm cooking dinner and something falls on the floor, I'll have a mini breakdown. I don't get violent but a lot of swearing happens and I always feel really embarrassed afterwards about being a grown woman who can't even control her own emotions even just a little. I just feel so overwhelmed all the time by the most mundane things.   Boyfriend is now here to witness it all, whereas before, when I still lived on my own, I was the only person bothered by it. I go to therapy and I just recently started concerta 32mgs but on most days I'm still miserable. Me and my boyfriend had a row yesterday and in his anger he told me "fun fact, you literally cannot cope with ANYTHING and I find it so goddamn frustrating". It hurt. Not only because it's the truth but also because I'm inconveniencing the person I love the most.  I just want to function. I just want to do normal day-to-day things without it being so tiring that I give up on them altogether. I want to have a nice house. I want to stop procrastinating.  So... Please tell me it gets better? I'd be curious to hear if anyone experiences the same relationship challenges. At least I won't feel so alone eh?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How did you come to terms with ADHD.;;;I tend to bottle things up as a cause of undiagnosed ADHD. I kind of feel hopeless as It has been slowly destroying my psyche and way of thinking. How did you accept this as a part of who you are.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;I can't sit and study and i'm failing classes ! Today i seem i can't concentrate coz i prefer dancing ''don't leave me this way '' ! i need help!;;;i'm in college ( because my parents said that was the only one option ecc ecc and i didnt know what to do so here we go ) i can't sit and study ... my leg is always going and i'm so tired of this stuff1!! today for example i started dancing to thelma houston and it's been maybe 30-35 times i danced to this song !!! i never see nobody i stay home and do fitnes than i masturbate then i dacnce and i never study !!!!!!!!!!!!! moreover i have no clue what to do if i drop out so i prefer to '' fake studies'' help me peopleeee !i dont want no medications
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Unusual ADD Assessment?;;;Upon my most recent visit to my GP (through Kaiser) I mentioned to him that I have had ADD symptoms throughout my entire life, and I would like to finally get it diagnosed (due to the fact that I'm now going into college  and life is getting more serious and it's been affecting me now more than ever)  He gave me a phone number to call to set an "ADD Assessment". Upon speaking on the phone with them, they said that I could go in next Thursday, and that it's group assessment. Supposedly I am getting examined along with other multiple people at the same time. Is this normal??? To be honest it kind of makes me uncomfortable...  UPDATE: I forgot to mention that she said it will be 1-1.5 hours long.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;ADHD Diagnosis Question;;;Soon I am going to get diagnosed by a psychiatrist on whether I have ADD or not. If the psychiatrist asks me whether I have used/abused any drugs in the past, should I tell the truth or just blow it off?   I have never abused any drugs, yet I have used some, primarily being Cannabis. That being said, I haven't smoked or drank since last year, only because I haven't had any desire to and I have been more focused on other things.   My only worry is that by mentioning any drugs I have used in the past, perhaps he/she would be more reluctant to prescribe me medication.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;After you were diagnosed and had to switch doctors, what sort of questions did the new doctor ask you and what did they make you do before they were willing to recognize your ADHD and treat it?;;;I've been diagnosed and treated for ADHD for 5 years and am moving to a diff state, and having to switch doctors. I'm going to come in with a treatment maintenance sheet with my diagnosis, medicines I'm on, ones I don't respond well to, and explaining my my anxiety and depression. After you were diagnosed and had to switch doctors, what sort of questions did the new doctor ask you and what did they make you do before they were willing to recognize your ADHD and treat it? Thank you so much.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How do you deal with constantly misplacing things and not putting them where they're supposed to? I still have this issue post meds.;;;Before i was diagnosed, I always used to have absolute hell losing everything. my parents packed me 20 sharpened pencils each day before school because they knew i'd lose it all. I'd also lose so much of my stuff on a daily basis and if I was very lucky I'd find it in a few months somewhere. It also always used to drive me **ABSOLUTELY FUCKING BERSERK** when my parents used to organize for me because they'd put everything in locations without telling me making it even harder to find anything.      Nowadays with meds things are a lot better, but I still have a habit to forget to put things where they're supposed to be at least a few times a day, and it's still annoying. How do you deal with constantly misplacing things and not putting them where they're supposed to?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Terrible writer's block trying to write a cover letter for pharmacy tech position..;;;     Hello ADHD community, I am sure we have all experienced something similar to what I have going on write now: being so hesitant and "blocked" when trying to write a cover letter (in my case). I am applying for a pharmacy tech position because I: 1) want to pursue a career as a pharmacist 2) I would really find it helpful to gain experience in a pharmacy setting &amp; 3) it's a job that I can find myself staying interested in and actually doing at my full potential.       The problem here is, I never applied for such a position let alone applying for a job online. I've had multiple jobs under the table as a younger teenager, but I want to start establishing a stable career. I have no idea how to effectively write a cover letter to an employer. And I am putting too much thought into it as well that I haven't wrote a single sentence yet.        I've googled for some advice on writing a cover letter, but how do I best convey *myself*: an 18 year old boy, with a deep interest in pharmacy, with no past experience in a pharmacy setting.       I'll take all of the advice I can get for where I stand now, how to write this cover letter effectively, and how to increase *my* chances of being hired. Thank-you.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Getting tested for the third time. Nervous.;;;**tl;dr - afraid of getting tested again, because I feel people don't take me seriously. Afraid of going through a depression again.**  I am in a slightly unique situation in that I am an international student. I had previously seem a therapist as a bachelors student and it was suggested I might have ADHD. I then got tested through them, quite some time later (after trying to accept myself what it meant to be ADHD) only for it to be inconclusive. They did not know I had ADHD or was just dealing with depression. This test was a computer based test.  After some therapy sessions and some personal struggles I was able to return to a place that I was ok, and I moved countries again for graduate school. Turns out graduate school is also stressful and it brought a lot of the problems that I have been dealing with to the surface again. I again went through the school's therapy services and then it was suggested I have ADHD. I took the test through them, and it came out positive. The test was a series of interviews and questionaries (both with me and my girlfriend). Now, that the sucky part. They gave me a test that was positive but told me they can't do anything because no psychiatrist wants to work with them.  I was then referred to a specialised institution that deals with ADHD in the country where I live now, and so far my experience with them has been good. However, as they don't accept external tests I will have to be tested again. It looks like their tests are a lot more intensive. Using both computer and interviews, etc.   Needless to say, I feel quite nervous about doing this all again and in way am stuck in limbo. I am quite convinced there is something wrong with me, and that ADHD is the closest explanation to it. I also finally accepted it, which was not easy for me. My parents are more likely to say to pray it out rather than try to understand (or care) what I have been dealing with. They almost killed me once trying to pray out my allergies, so I can't really count on them for anything related to this. My girlfriend has also told me on several occasions how she thinks ADHD is a hoax, and that kids who get diagnoses ADHD are just normal kids pushed too early, live in a competitive world, etc... None of this helps me and only makes me feel more alone.  All of this makes me feel quite anxious about getting a negative result because then I would continue to feel that people don't take me seriously. I am really afraid of that. I been suicidal before, and returning to that is not something I want to, but I am afraid of what will happen if I get told I don't have anything wrong with me, and no one really believes in it, and I get no help.  Does anyone have thoughts on this? Any advice?  Thankful for reading this long post. I really appreciate any comments!
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;Internet addiction?;;;So I have ADHD(probably -pi, maybe combination, undiagnosed though that will hopefully change), and for the past year or so I have noticed that I get bored extremely easily.  Like...if I'm sitting without some kind of mental stimulation for 5 minutes I'll be already getting bored out of my mind.  And lately I've found that I'm getting more and more dependent on the Internet as a sort of self-medication.  The time only passes quickly if I'm online, whether it's binge watching TV shows or browsing Reddit/Facebook/Pinterest/Tumblr/etc...  I don't have really any hobbies...just moved cross country to a small town and there isn't a ton to do besides school.  I've never been into sports or crafts or anything like that.  I've started filling as much time as I can with going for walks to try and compensate, which is obviously better for me than being online all day, but still, it doesn't take up as much time as I want it to.  Problem is, whenever I try to sign up for things that will give me fewer hours of downtime, especially in late afternoon/evening, I end up hating it and wanting to go back to idling away.  It's becoming hard for me to stay stimulated when I'm offline.  It's literally one of the only things that keeps me from getting bored.  I get stir-crazy and madly impulsive, like 100x more than usual if I'm bored so I try to avoid it because I hate the feeling.  Any suggestions?  I feel lazy and unproductive and my concentration in school hasn't been great because it's hard to really focus on anything.  But I can browse Pinterest or YouTube for an hour, easy, without even noticing that time is passing.  Why can't I apply that focus where I want it?
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How did you deal with the time from knowing you had ADHD to getting diagnosed?;;;This question is mainly for adults or adolescents diagnosed with ADHD.   I realized I have ADHD about two weeks ago with the help of a psychologist, but haven't got a diagnosis or have any idea when or how that will happen. I'm extremely exited to finally understand and have an explanation to my difficulties in life and hopefully get medication too, but of course without an official diagnosis I can't say for 100% certainty that that's what it is.   It's really frustrating being in this weird middle section of uncertainty, where I really feel like this explains why I am this way and gives hope to my lifelong depression, but all I can really do is wait, and it's making me even more unproductive than what I already am. It's all I can think about!  So how did you guys deal with this time? I know some people have to go through months and months of tests before getting a diagnosis. Were you able to get anything done?  TL;DR Found out I probably have ADHD and waiting for a diagnosis. Can't get anything done.
dd5f43ed535f74ebf9199fd2c0d6981379ed7329c30694b0179df8a670fde162;;;How does focusing on something feel for you? How would you describe it &amp; what analogy would you use?;;;Title says it all (I hope). Also please note what subtype you've been diagnosed with. I'd be very interested in seeing the differences.  I'm ADHD-PI and here goes:  If it's something that interests me, it's relatively easy to focus but my mind still slips away. I'd compare it to walking on an icy road and losing your footing every few steps but managing to recover before the fall.  If I've been doing the same interesting activity for a while I start slowly losing interest. As a result, instead of recovering I start to daydream and go on autopilot. I'm aware of it happening but don't have the mental fortitude to force attention.  If it's a really mundane activity that requires attention it feels like I'm trying to push two magnets with the same poles together. The harder I try the more they push back and it ends up slipping away to the sides. I can never make them connect. The most I can manage here is autopilot. If I keep trying to focus, I'm too exhausted even for auto pilot after 15m or so.
