dd80e8a6bd6367f9681549e48a7b96f607c4207e876aad18bf681c93e5242329;;;Helping or hindering my partner with ADHD? How much help is "too much"?;;;Hi guys - hoping for some insight. My long term boyfriend has ADHD and now that he's out of university and we're travelling/teaching English he's not taking adderall (which I support). His ADHD affects him in a variety of ways -- he's forgetful, curious, scatterbrained, and very self absorbed (I say this in a light sense, much different than selfish)  Me - I am type A worrier and I plan like a motherfucker. I keep this relationship glued together. I remember and plan everything. It's hard on me because taking "care" of him makes my anxiety spike. If I let one ball drop, he doesn't pick it up. Ex: I give him the responsibility of checking our flight time. He forgets, thinks he remembers, we miss our flight. I don't ask him where he puts his keys, the next morning they're lost (left in his motorbike, in the garage... fourth time this week). If I don't keep track of all of his stuff, plus our appointments, plus our plans, plus his family committments .... it gets dropped.  It's hard on us because first of all, I'm not his mother or employee, I'm his girlfriend. Second, I need to take care of my anxiety and I worry enough about controlling every aspect of life, it's hard when he forgets/loses something/causes a negative outcome and it reaffirms my anxious thoughts of "If I can control everything, nothing will go wrong". Plus, it makes him feel like such a fuck up (which he's not, he does try hard to help).  It's come to the point where I've acccepted I should doubletime and take care of all his things. That I should remind him to take notes, put up sticky notes for him, put alarms in his phone, keep track of his stuff, and make sure I do the important tasks (booking flights, packing, etc.) but he says this makes him "lazy" and therefore more prone to drop the ball if it gets passed to him.  What do I do? How can I help him exercise his brain? How can I work in a way that maybe I'm not impacted so much, like hours spent walking around because he doesn't know where he parked or a $300 flight or locked out of the house ....  Any tips appreciated. I love him and I'm sticking this out, I just want him to be happy and feel empowered and not babied (and, for me to not go crazy in the process!).   tldr: How do I help my forgetful ADHD scatterbrained bf and not hinder him by doing too much for him?  Thanks :)
