df49186ba059ef45fa57eee2b432b134cd6d59d5f4f4ed7097b982ca4eb905fa;;;Probably the worst part of it all;;;When I was a kid I loved reading, I remember picking up any book I could find at home and just reading it till I was done. My mom took me to the library every week as well so I did have something new to read most of the time. As I got older, I ditched my old hobby and became obsessed with video games like most guys. All the hours I used to spend on reading were replaced with gaming and I wouldn't even notice the hours gone by each day. In school, I always found it hard to read my textbooks, there was really nothing that interested me besides math, because it involved actual application and not just sitting around memorizing the bold words. However, English was a special subject to me. I didn't write well but I loved to read the books. And when I reached high school, I absolutely loved everything we read, especially the Shakespearean dramas. I wasn't a fast reader, but I hated reading as a class because there were other students who were much worse than me. Their voices just put you to sleep, they dragged on each sentence and every mistake they made in pronunciation just bugged the crap out of me. The teacher was the only person I approved of for reading to the class, not just for the speed but because of the knowledge of symbols, hidden meanings, etc.    So skip forward a few more years and I'm in my second year of university. At this point I cannot finish reading chapters of my textbooks. I always found myself rushing through the last 4 pages of each of my chapters and not even knowing what I really read, but it didn't matter as long as I was done. And to make matters worse, I never read all the chapters for my exams either. I had an economics exam with 19 total chapters, of which I only read 11. and when classes started to demand fewer chapters per exam (5-6), I would usually only read about 4. Needless to say, my grades plummeted and I just played video games more and more to try and forget about everything. But during my 3rd year of University, I realized how stupid it was to continue playing video games for my distraction. I already wasted enough time doing who knows what, and I thought that if I was going to be distracted, I should do something productive with it. At this point I realized that I had gotten even worse at reading. I had a hard time getting through each chapter and found myself rereading paragraphs because I had zoned out just one sentence in. I tried to pace myself but I really wanted to finish the book, but at the same time I felt like I had to put it down every few pages. So this went on but I did manage to finish some novels until I reached a point where it had taken me a few days just to finish 1 chapter of the Hunger Games. I kept spacing out with each paragraph, kept rereading it only to discover I had spaced out again, and I just put the book down. I couldn't handle reading it anymore because it felt as if I was just reading my textbooks. At this point I was really disappointed. It felt as if I had taken the one opportunity I had to do something productive with my wasted time, and just completely blew it. It's been about 6 months now and I'm still stuck in that same spot, and at this point I keep telling myself I will finish it, but everytime I open it up, I just can't do it.    TL;DR: I used to read for fun, as I started to grow up I found it harder and harder to read. Textbooks were hard to follow but novels from English class were usually ok. I tried to novels for fun in University but I can barely finish a chapter at this point.    I apologize for the long text, I guess it became a rant at some point but did anyone else have this problem with something they loved?
