df8dbb1ae30854ebc8922d7af00442db943262ac50db7587860f2472431fc2af;;;My Experience On Concerta;;;This is a comment on a post that I thought might deserve it's own thread.    I was diagnosed in June and my experience so far has been very positive. I also didn't know what to expect going in but I've heard the horror stories about ADD meds turning you into a zombie.   I was prescribed 36mg to start and day one I felt a little different but it was hard to explain. There was some slight dizziness and I could feel a subtle change but I couldn't define it. After a few days it began to feel like a haze that had been following me for years was starting to pass.   It was initially difficult for me to pinpoint what changes were occurring since I went on vacation and wasn't sure how much was just due to the change in scenery. But after a few months I can confidently say that the meds have helped me in my ability to pay attention and to follow things through. It's not like you take the pills and suddenly have super focus. You feel normal but when you begin a task you'll find yourself surprised by the results you get.   For example I went to my locker for lunch at work one day with the intent of grabbing one thing. When I opened the doors I thought "man this is a real mess". Next thing I knew it was 10min after lunch and I had organized my locker better than it has ever been.   Since then I've been bumped up to 54mg. The change was initially negative. I felt more hyper than I did on the 36s and had a scary moment when I forgot to take my pill until 11am, after I had already had 2 cups of coffee. Once the meds kicked in, my heart rate shot up and even just sitting on the couch it was over 100, when I'm usually closer to 85. I've been more careful about it since and haven't had a scare like that again though. But just keep in mind that there's a reason they check your heart before they give you these things.   All in all, getting meds has been a pretty amazing experience so far. It hasn't changed who I am, just how I think about situations. I hope your experience is as positive as mine.
