dfb2e90002205c86d0696b68b8a0f881392058443cc14534158c83dfd0a9e75f;;;ADHD-Pi concerta: In a few days it has managed to improve so many aspects of my life except for the one I care about the most, my ability to study.;;;This is my third day on Concerta 36mg(in a week 54mg) after being diagnosed with ADHD-Pi and since we're in the middle of national holiday, my doctor is not available to help me. I'll call her monday first thing in the morning but until then any advice to get me through the weekend would be appreciated.  From day 1 the Concerta changed my life. My head was clear, my body brimming with energy and I was ready to actually do stuff. I ended up "designing" and starting on the base for the vegetable garden I had wanted to make for years now. I completed it today, without any of the usual procrastination or clumsiness or daydreaming, and I am proud. My parents -jokingly- say I'm reborn. They exaggerate but it is true that my life is finally changing for the better.  Then there's the studying. I used to not be able to study because I simply couldn't concentrate and every fiber inside my money begged me to stop. Now, I can concentrate with a clear mind and no daydreaming. Still it feels wrong. I used to be able to read very fast -almost dancing over the pages-, but now I have to read every single word in every sentence slowly and patiently while my body wants nothing more than to expend my energy somewhere. It also feels as if time is now going substantionally slower than it used to while studying. As a result I now study longer and harder but far more slowly and with less enjoyment. This worries me since my college life was the #1 problem that led me to seek help.  Basically, I'd like to know whether this is normal and how I should deal with it or if this is a different problem entirely.  TL;DR: Got diagnosed. Got Concerta. My mind is clear and my body is brimming with energy. I can plan and do stuff without procrastination. BUT my reading has slowed down considerably and I somehow perceive time as going slower than it used to while I study. So my life is improving, but my college life is not and that was #1 for me. My exams are getting closer and I really wish the opposite had happened (that only studying would have improved instead)... What could this mean? Has anyone had this before?
