dfd777eca4e56b941751f5ec077e0f77241cdcfb5aaea61aa61e7104ea65e706;;;Did medication help you with these symptoms?;;;SORRY FOR THE LONG POST;  As a kid, my older siblings always told my parents and myself that I had ADHD.  I took it as an insult, and my parents are strict non-believers in the fact that it's a real condition, so they never even looked into it and I wasn't interested in agreeing.   I started considering the fact that I have ADHD in high school (im 20).  I always just thought I was lazy scum and had no discipline by procrastinating etc., but then i realized I have a real problem. Here's a basic backstory of my school life etc:  - Done nothing for fun except digging holes and sitting on the computer since age 3.  Yes, age 3.  - Dropped out of kindergarten because of too many absences  - Elementary school - missed scores and scores of schooldays, hundreds of assignments.  I was smart enough to ace the tests, so I was never held back.  - High shcool, dropped out my sophomore year due to absences, GPA dropped to 1.2 at one point.  Went back and graduated on time.  I was too smart.  Passed classes easily because the work was easy, even through I NEVER was able to pay attention to the teacher (I tried, HARD) or anything.  I was always tapping my pencil/foot and playing with things near my desk.  - I forced myself to get a little better in community college, but it was just as easy as high school.  I aced the tests, but often found myself taking 10 hours to write a 5 paragraph paper.  - Got to uni, and when I had to focus it hit me like a ton of bricks.  I could not take notes while the teacher was talking and pay attention to what he was saying while thinking about the cute girl next to me and what her dogs name is and who she is and who in this lecture hall i know and oh wait, what color goes well with magenta?   Missing school was never about school itself.  It was about getting up in the morning and knowing i had to go to school.  It was the worst anxiety/frustration/wow-i-cant-do-that-thats-impossible feeling.  Felt like a ton of bricks on my chest every morning.  I wake up and this feeling overcomes me.  I would wake up, and lay there awake.  I would kick and scream and yell and do ANYTHING to not have to go to school.  I started to notice a correlation between different tasks.  I would feel the same way when it came time to clean my room, do homework, do yardwork, chores, go to family events, or even theme parks.  I have always been somewhat of a bully because of my impulsive/compulsive behavior.  I tend to have strong urges to pick random things up and toss them, usually at people. Yell out, sing along loudly to quiet songs, and generally be very annoying(even to myself)  I will stop and try to compose myself when i catch myself doing something, but it just makes me very restless/uncomfortable. Those are the external, observable symptoms i've experienced. Well, some of them.  I get EXTREMELY impatient/irritable when bored.  Foot tapping, pacing, pencil tapping, eating.  I reeeeealy would like to read books for entertainment, but I just CAN NOT do it.  I will pick up a book and it will take me 20 minutes to read a page because I have to reread sentences sometimes 4 or 5 times.  My eyes tend to jump around on the page from word to word in almost a frantic manner.  I love playing video games because I can blank out my mind and just relax it for a while, got really into WoW, dedicated 20 hrs a day to it.  Could never play FPS; my aim was always good but i couldn't focus enough to get frags.  Basically just wondering if you guys have experienced similar symptoms and if therapy/medication has counteracted them.  Becasue as of now, even as an adult, all of these still impact my daily life greatly.  Some days are better than others, but overall a significant negative impact is made on my daily life.   I have always been moody/depressed as well.  Mood swing-y.
