e0146e5ee263781340b4dc0d5537217e2cbd8961d18ef79d93faef2def9b72f1;;;[rant] first day off meds tomorrow at work since starting.;;;Okay so here it goes.  Went through a rough patch, had no idea what the fuck was wrong with me, after some late night self-loathing/googling realized that I might have adhd. everything I do totally clicked.  called lots of psychiatrists. a month of looking later I finally had an appointment with a psychiatrist. we talked. "yep that sounds like adhd, call this guy to get tested, here's a scrip for adderall" (I assumed primarily hyperactive/impulsive).  start on adderall (small dose, 10mg) and it's life changing. never felt this calm in my life. start killing it at work, start understanding my relationships from new lights, and start just becoming more grounded.  I don't have to go to the bathroom every two hours to stand up.  I can actually just stay seated.  I'll remember to get up and eat lunch when I'm working as opposed to just getting sucked into what I'm doing.  I once didn't eat for two days because I was so absorbed in everything.  The only problem, XR wears off on me around 3.  Tried a 5mg IR booster, didn't feel anything.  Tried a 10mg booster, the crash was so unpleasant.  Switched to concerta.  It slows me down in the same way adderall does, but doesn't actually calm me.  Stop taking it, because it stops working really quickly.  By the end of week 2 on it, sitting at my desk I notice my leg is jittering like fuck.  I'm a really jittery person, but when I take adderall, so much of that goes away.  Concerta *sometimes* helps with that.  Take the TOVA test as well as a super long questionnaire from the other doctor. Fast forward a few weeks to this morning.  My results on the tests were consistent with a diagnosis of "mild ADHD-Predominantly hyperactive/impulsive", but they also deduced that I could have an anxiety disorder.  My psychiatrist said that she was surprised that it wasn't more severe, and she wants to stop trying to figure out the situation with medicine until she understands what *exactly* is going on with me.  So she won't prescribe more meds.  So, tomorrow is my first day without meds at the office.  I'm really fucking anxious (heh), because the adderall helped like crazy, and while the concerta didn't work as effectively as the adderall, it definitely helped... I'm really afraid I'll stop performing well, fuck everything up, and fall right back into my rough patch....  What should I do in this situation?
