e02f957a2566c3073c0c3a07fe9f9dd53fc12be84db66084bc3fe5ba201100eb;;;How do YOU turn your excitement in to action?;;;Hello, my name is awjustaguy, and like many of you, I suffer from ADHD. Now, we all know how hard it is to do something that isn't exciting or interesting. However, we also know how easy it is to spend hours upon hours of hard, and amazing, work towards something that IS exciting, like a video game or relationship or whatever your poison is.  I've recently given up on trying so hard to fight uphill on unexciting work. I just can't look forward to a life where I'm always struggling to do the normal things that people do. I'm wanting to do the things I find exciting.  Here's the issue. Whenever I think about something I am really excited about (Making a website, programming a game, writing a book, etc), the idea is very motivating. However, when it's time to actually sit down and everything slows down, I can't get myself to stick to it. What are some ways that you guys manage your excitement to last through a goal?
e02f957a2566c3073c0c3a07fe9f9dd53fc12be84db66084bc3fe5ba201100eb;;;I don't trust my doctor, and I'm having heart pain. Can I get some advice?;;;I was diagnosed with ADHD-C 2 weeks ago by a psychologist in Dallas (Davisson Clinic). The testing wasn't too extensive but I was diagnosed with ADHD-c (I was expecting it anyway, been diagnosed before but needed to get back on medication).  The psychologist seemed relatively smart, but I only spoke with him for about 5 minutes, and he told me he'd put me on Adderall and sent me to the doctor in the building. Within the first 5 minutes, I knew this doctor had no idea what he was doing. I don't mean to sound like an arrogant airhead, but it was just very obvious. He gave me my Adderall prescription of IR 10mg with the instruction to start with 5mg 2x/day and increase dose by 5mg every two days until it felt like it was too much.   Anyway, at about a week on it (and on 15mg) I started having chest pain and discomfort. I went back down to 10mg and it persisted. I called the doctor and he said to just stay on 10mg until it goes away, and if there was an emergency I could take an EKG.  I'm not sure what to do. I don't feel like anyone is taking the time at this place to make sure I'm being treated well. Everyone just says to keep taking it and ignore the side effects. Am I over reacting or should I seek out a different doctor?
e02f957a2566c3073c0c3a07fe9f9dd53fc12be84db66084bc3fe5ba201100eb;;;Does ADHD destroy the concept of will power? Where do we draw the line?;;;As someone who has studied brain science for over five years, I'm well aware of the issue that mental disorders pose in a scientific filter. What qualifies as a disorder, and what qualifies as an appropriate mental response to stimulus? These are the questions that I come back to time and time again, and I'd like to have a discussion in ADHD.  I've been diagnosed with ADHD since I was in elementary school, and yet there is one thing I could never reconcile with myself. I'm a firm believer in the concepts of will power and discipline, and yet those seem to be the problems directly facing those who suffer from ADHD. Now it is a scientific fact that will power and discipline can be altered and improved with practice; where, then, do we draw the line for ADHD?  At what point does ADHD stop being a case of laziness and discipline and start being a disorder? Is it a disorder when your actions make you unhappy and harm your life? Does that make any of the weaknesses that we succumb to as humans a disorder? To create a broad definition of disorder is to remove the ability to make mistakes. Nothing is a mistake; why would we do it if we knew it would harm us? Yet I think we can all agree that mistakes are a part of life and not a malfunction of the brain.   Where, then, do we draw the line for ADHD? What measurable context is there to determine that something is wrong? Perhaps a physical sign of an underdeveloped brain? I facilitate this conversation because I feel that this subreddit has become a place to discuss weaknesses and mistakes rather than the disorder of ADHD. So, r/ADHD, where do you draw the line? What, specifically, makes ADHD a disorder, and not just a conquerable weakness?  Thoughtfully yours.
