e0a89658da4f1efb3de17af6484cf4cea814631827070abfa439522f7e9e1c42;;;My boyfriend has ADHD. I don't know what to do anymore. Can anyone help me?;;;I met my current boyfriend about 3 years ago. We started dating a few months after that, and a year later we were living together. He was diagnosed with ADHD (I'm sorry, but I'm not sure of the specific type) when he was 10. During childhood/teenage years, his treatment included medication as well as well as some therapy, diet/nutrition supplements, and anger management classes. Flash forward to now, his "treatment" includes medication about 90% of the time (By that, I mean that he takes his Adderall XR 25mg most days, but will skip some days if he's got nothing important going on.) and he smokes marijuana daily to self-medicate.   I have known about his ADHD since very early on in our relationship, but my understanding of ADHD then was minimal. All I really knew was exactly what the name tells you, a person with ADHD will have problems with paying attention and hyperactivity. After my boyfriend and I started living together, I learned about the myriad other problems associated with ADHD-- the anger, the depression, the anxiety, and the issues with perception and self awareness (which is a HUGE problem in our relationship).  I love him very much. I HATE his ADHD. About a year ago, I picked up "Delivered from Distraction" in order to learn more about the disease that is overtaking my relationship. It made so many things clear for me, and helped me understand what a terrible, terrible struggle ADHD can be for a person. But, it also gave me hope. There are a lot of (seemingly simple) things you can do to help your ADHD symptoms. Daily exercise, good diet, and taking a multivitamin. Most people would rejoice if they found out their health issues could be so easily helped. Not the person with ADHD though and especially not my boyfriend. Forming a new habit is so incredibly hard for him, and it's difficult for me to keep reminding him to take his multivitamin, and did you exercise at all today, and hey, you probably should eat something a little healthier, right? I don't like feeling like I am nagging him all the time. I don't want to be that girlfriend.  One of the symptoms of ADHD that "Delivered from Distraction" alerted me to was issues with perception. Very often my boyfriend will be upset with me, saying I said something or did something, and these "somethings" are things that he has entirely misinterpreted or his memory created something that never actually happened. And, I can never reason with him. If I say, "no, what I actually said was..." He never believes me. And I really mean never. He gets into these "angry states" (I don't have a scientific word for it) and he can't be reasoned with. Since he has no filter and he gets so angry, he has managed to say some incredibly hurtful things to me. What's really bad about is that the smallest thing can trigger these angry episodes. (One time when we were visiting a friend, I accidentally stepped in a puddle. His exact words were "I should just fucking leave you here and go home.") After he comes down from the angry cloud, he always apologizes but after a while "I'm sorry" doesn't mean anything anymore. Especially since he considers the apology to be the complete fix, and I'm not allowed to be upset about it after he's apologized. He said he was sorry and if I'm still mad then I'm the bitch.  There have been a few times that we've managed to have mildly successful conversations about ADHD and our relationship. By "successful" I mean that the conversation doesn't end with him being pissed or telling me to "just stop talking." Usually any "change" only lasts a day or two. He tells me that his ADHD is "not my problem." I understand that he must feel like a burden and he doesn't want me to worry about it, but it is affecting me every single day. How is it "not my problem" too?  I'm sorry about the rant. I realize that I haven't given all that much information, but I am so lost. I love my boyfriend and I would do anything I can to help him, but I am out of ideas. How do I help? Can I help? Any stories/information/ideas are welcome.   Edit: proofreading
