e0ae90c8d123b06447eb0c45364ccdc8a96fc42a16796e6c12992a2be5eccb26;;;Not sure what to do.;;;I came across something about ADHD (the "inattentive" type specifically, I think it's referred to as ADHD-PI) purely by chance not long ago and it hit me pretty hard, I've been noticing a lot of stuff about myself the last few years but it never occurred to me that I could actually be ADD/ADHD... except it described me so spot on that I'm *nearly* convinced I have it for sure. I really don't like to diagnose myself because I'm not a doctor/psychiatrist, but here's where the problems start coming in.  I'm turning 17 in a little over a month, and I've been planning on enlisting in the military at 18 ever since I was 12. The military allows people with ADHD to join, but only if they get a waiver, and they're only eligible for a waiver if they've been off any ADHD medication for at least 1 year. So if I did get diagnosed with ADHD, it would go on my medical record, and even if I did decide to try out a treatment for it I would either have to push back my plans or only take the meds for about a month. Plus the military is facing cuts and can be more selective in who it recruits now. I'm worried having something like ADHD on my record might be a bigger blotch than it was a few years ago, when the military was still gung-ho let's recruit the shit out of people fuck yeah wars.  It doesn't really seem worth it, but here's the thing. My life pretty much went off track in the 6th-7th grade. I went from just gliding through school to failing for the first time in my life and it was such a sudden turn. The work didn't get that much harder. I was pretty confident in my ability to ace schoolwork because I'd always been in the gifted classes, told I was really smart, on the yearly IQ tests they made us take I always scored in the 130s, etc. and then it was like my mind started working at a much slower pace. It would take me forever to recall things, I was forgetting stuff and just NOT being able to remember it for the life of me for short periods of time, I constantly lost focus on what I was doing and it was like walking up a steep incline in muddy, snowy, liquid quicksand just to try and make myself just do my schoolwork at all.  I ended up not turning in a lot of work for awhile and fell into a pretty deep depression. My parents/counselors/etc. thought I was getting bullied or something, but I was just really depressed because I felt like a complete failure and like everything about me being oh so smart had been a farce. I felt like it was easier to give up completely rather than be a failure, and I didn't tell anyone about this stuff because I thought the options were let them wonder why I'm depressed or admit I'm not as smart as they thought and let them all down.  Anyway, I've never really recovered from that depression, only coped with it better over the last few years and tried to accept that I'm just not as smart as I thought I was. But I've always felt like something was straight up *off* about the way I felt dumb, because I never felt like I was "dumb" exactly, more like something was blocking me from being "smart." Mostly with memory retrieval and my cognition. I've been talking to my mom about how my memory feels so bogged down sometimes for at least a year or two, but neither of us thought of anything except eating better (which I could do, honestly).  If I do have ADHD, and there's a treatment, it would be incredible. It could potentially change my life, and change my plans regarding the military (college first). I never really wanted to go to college first, but if there's something wrong with me and there's a way to manage it better, I might have a different outlook on life than I've had previously, I don't know. But I'm quite serious about the military and potentially fucking that up gives me great pause about doing anything.  Some other things about myself that resonate with what I've read about ADHD PI:  1. I fail to follow instructions and finish schoolwork, chores, etc. which really makes me feel like a POS sometimes (especially since my mom has her own medical problems right now and relies on me to do a lot - I **really** mean to do stuff that takes me forever to do when it shouldn't). 2. I have trouble organizing activities. I've thought about this a lot in the past. It's one of the things that annoys me so much, it seems like a lot of the time when I try to organize an activity I just can't get it for some reason. It takes me an inordinate amount of time, and I'm pretty into programming so I run into this problem with projects often. 3. I am incredibly forgetful in everyday activities. I wish I could give a list but I feel like that would look like cognitive bias and if it didn't it would be much too long. Although I realize all of this could be cognitive bias which is why I don't want to diagnose myself. But I'm constantly frustrated by this. 4. I don't know what 'appearing to not listen when spoken to' means exactly, but I do have trouble listening sometimes. I don't know if I'd consider that a symptom of anything though, I've always been that way.  Anyway... I don't know exactly what I'm looking for here, I guess a lot of what I've told you guys is only useful to a psychiatrist, but I think typing all of that out helped me. I guess I'm leaning towards going to see a doc/psychiatrist. What was it like getting diagnosed, and what's it been like post-diagnosis? Have you had much success with your treatment? What are side effects or long term effects you've had? If getting diagnosed with ADHD would potentially mess up something you've wanted to do for a long time, would you still think it was worth it?  Thanks...
