e1122128c306cd8b620e2a48c96511d72cdb59ca5dc881b2803b9e75399a15e4;;;I've been living in denial.;;;So, to put this in the shortest simplest way possible. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was about 7-8 years old. For some reason I was in denial about it, and when I was 14 I stopped taking my medication (I was prescribed Ritalin.) My happiness with my own life improved dramatically, but my grades dropped. I maintained a D+ - C- average my highschool life, but I could not possibly care any less about it. I graduated when I was 18, and decided that my grades were part of a motivational problem. So I decided I wanted to go to college, but not until I have the motivation to actually try... Up until a few months ago when I had a very intense experience with psychedelic drugs (If you look at my history, you'll notice I post a lot in r/LSD) and realized I'm now 21 years old, and I've living in denial of my diagnosis. I think it might have something to do with being afraid of people thinking I'm weird or a freak, but people who don't know I have ADHD think I'm a weirdo and a freak, so what the hell am I doing?  So I came here. To this subreddit. I don't know what I expected to come of it, but I remember seeing on the front page people talking about problems I've been dealing with for as long as I remember. Such as having an awful habit of needing two monitors with two different things happening to actually feel stimulated, or checking the make sure I actually locked my car 3-4 times, or my complete lack of impulse control, or all of the difficulties I have sleeping.  It felt like huge weight off of my shoulders, for two reasons. First of all, knowing that a lot of my strange quirks and hard to explain problems can be traced back to this disorder. It felt like I was finally armed with some kind of knowledge I could use. I had proved to myself that over the years that pretending I was born perfect is clearly not working for me, if I have some sort of disadvantage, I need to learn how to work with it, or if I'm lucky, learn how to use it to my ability. Secondly, because for the first time in a really, really long time. I don't feel alone. Knowing there's currently 45,829 people subscribed to this subreddit who have probably already posted about something I'm having trouble with, and have already come up with several solutions on how to handle them.  This is the only time I've really been able to post here, because everything I've wanted to ask or say, has already been said or asked. So I just wanted to say thank you all for indirectly helping me so much simply by coming together and not being afraid to be who you are.  TL;DR Thank you, for being you, r/ADHD  Love, alltornsuits
