e1163926bb6cc1f601c395c2854e785c71dc8f8e7da7cf177f3726d81906e51b;;;My ADHD lets me obsess about everything that goes wrong - here's how I fight that/ how you can stay positive while addressing the shit that happens;;;Hey guys! In this sub we love to complain - whether it's rants, or tearful posts about our relationships and jobs not working, or even snarky one liners about "oops lost the keys again, how typical". And there's nothing wrong with that -- it's great to have a community that gets it and can offer support. (And I do it plenty too)   But I've found myself feeling just as shitty after rants as I do before sometimes. I think I'm part its because I'm such a perfectionist and it's discouraging to get to the end of the day and realize nothing got done. Or to see how hard I worked for something to go poorly and give up on the future. But I don't like that me. And more seriously I felt like that version of me was a really shitty person to be in a relationship with.   So here's what I did:   When something goes downhill I acknowledge it. I write it down or say it out loud and I tell myself that yeah, that thing REALLY sucked. But I'll try to think of good things related to it, and other good things in my life. And I'll write those down too. It doesn't mean the sucky thing is less sucky but it does mean that I see that my life is more balanced. When I was really struggling I made myself write down one good thing each day on a sticky note and put it on my wall, even if it was as simple as "answered a question right" "got my eyeliner just right" "talked to a new person".   I found that I unloaded a lot on my partners. With my ex, I really resented being his therapist all the time and it wore me down to date someone who was only ever unhappy -- I'm seeing this again right now with a close friend who only ever tells me about stuff going bad. I didn't want to chase my current BF away by being negative Nancy all the time. So we started using Rose-thorn- bud:  When I complain about something I started with a rose -- something good that happened. Then I told him about the thorn -- whatever it was that was bothering me. And I finished with a bud -- something I'm looking forward to in the future. It made me acknowledge and share my triumphs with him which has made our relationship stronger. Now we aren't as strict about the system, but I always get to smile when I get a text from him that says "I have a rose for you."   I've tried to move away from letting my frustration and failures rule my day, which has been hard since I'm newly diagnosed and in a hyper competitive grad program where everyone seems miserable constantly. There's a lovely poem I like that basically comes down to saying "don't feel bad for feeling bad. You've got bad days and good days and you never know what's next so take it as it comes and don't worry too much". I don't know about you guys but once I feel shitty I start feeling angry and guilty for feeling shitty in the first place. Super fun. Poem: https://allpoetry.com/poem/8534703-The-Guest-House-by-Mewlana-Jalaluddin-Rumi  So tell me Reddit! What are the good things in your life right now? What little triumphs have you had recently? What's your rose-thorn-bud? I want to celebrate your successes with you - even if they aren't huge right now.   Tl;dr: acknowledge good things and bad things. Stop feeling guilty about feeling bad when stuff goes wrong. When sharing bad things with friends and family, also let them share in your happy moments.
