e1556fe8cb98d6a8f83cdf6d72411ee596dd8c3e3c6ceda62e8210ae05058c92;;;Any tips for writing long (ish.. 1500 words/about 7 pages) essays in a short amount of time (due at midnight tomorrow, so 24 hours)?  ;;;I was diagnosed earlier this spring. Ever since I started university (and I'm a third year now..), I've been having more and more trouble writing essays. Even when I try to not procrastinate and I really attempt to start earlier, I sit down, stare at the empty page and my brain just .... I don't even know. I just have so many issues with writing papers, I don't even know where to start talking about them. I look up sources and try and read some things. And then I stare at my empty page again and try to vaguely write some intro sentences. And this will just continue for hours, even if I'm not distracted by the internet. Or my brain will just run off and just be like trolololol.   I think my main issue is starting the essay. (then again, continuing it is pretty difficult as well, of course) My bad work habits in this case are mostly procrastinating till the night before and trying to work on it by staying up all night.. but I end up dozing off every 5 minutes and not getting shit done. Even for short writing assignments, I end up doing a really shitty job literally minutes before I have to leave for class. And of course, I end up feeling like shit about myself for procrastinating and doing a bad job. /vicious cycle most of us are probably familiar with...?   So anyway, I guess I'm just asking for tips on how you guys handle these sort of long-ish paper writing situations. In a shortish amount of time, since I have a little less than 24 hours. And yes, that is a short amount of time for me ;____; Feel free to share your stories/similar situations! Thanks ahead of time. And sorry if this post is all over the place.  [P.S. The paper is for an Asian American Fiction class and it's the final paper for a book we (are supposed to have) read, if that's relevant. I have the ebook.]  **EDIT:** Taking a break from writing. Thanks for the comments, guys! I just made it to the second page (single spaced!). I'm going to wait till I get to the bottom of the second page to double space it.. reward? Haha. I made a vague schedule to write about one page per hour, so if my rate stays like this, I should finish! We'll see... I shall report back.
