e215bcaec0c43e8c21fb92b78ec81a5c63cdff295e218c5381811c2343cf6364;;;Un-diagnosed 26 year old male needing some advice.;;;Hey guys, I am glad I have found this subreddit as I need some guidance/advice on my situation.    I don't want to be that guy who says "I think I have ADHD" but I want your opinion on whether it is worth looking into and seeing a doctor about it.    First Some background:   I am 26 year old male working as a professional software developer.  My career is fairly good but I always feel like I got where I am from a combination of luck and a fair amount of bullshitting my way through.  Growing up, both my brothers were diagnosed with ADHD (I am middle child).  My mum also has some form of it but never diagnosed.  I was never diagnosed/never taken to even see if I had it however I have always had most/all the symptons of ADHD:     - inability to focus on anything for more than a few minutes   - extremely disorganised and forgetful even when I am trying my hardest to not be     - inability to control my emotions and extremely self destructive behavior.  I find it really difficult to take criticism and I have explosive anger that results in me doing things like (breaking my hand punching a wall, punching myself in the face, slicing my wrist to elbow with a razor blade, etc).  This is often caused by being really frustrated but luckily it does not escalate like this unless I am really pushed.    - my inner dialogue is very loud and often distracts me from listening to basic conversations to the point where my current girlfriend is getting fed up and thinks I never listen to her.  In meetings at work my mind wanders elsewhere within the first minute of the meeting even when I am trying hard to focus on what is being said.    - i am an extreme procrastinator (ironically I am typing this at work), I will leave all tasks till the absolute last minute and then I am able to hyperfocus and get things done.    - i pretty much forget everything that I am supposed to do such as last year I forget to setup my council tax direct debit and after 6 months of letters to fix my direct debit and me forgetting to fix it EVERY day i got a summary warrant and had my council tax moved to a debt collector with the threat of jail time if I did not pay it.  I will forget things my partner tells me on a constant everynight basis and it infuriates her.  I have tried to organise myself and set up reminders but I can never stick to being organised for more than a few days at best.    - I am pretty impulsive as well, since the age of 19 I have racked up 75,000 dollars of debt.  In 2009 I got made redundant at my company (probably for turning up late to work everyday) but they gave me a 40,000 dollar payout.  Not only did I blow though that money in 2 years, i also racked up 20,000 dollars credit card debt ontop of that.  I never check my bank statements and never been able to save any of my money despite earning a good salary.    - I have an addictive personality but I don't know if this is related.  I have been addicted to smoking for 10 years now and I also struggled with alcoholism for about a 5 months in 2011 where I was drinking about 35 pints of beer a week consistently.     - I always feel tired and worn out like I have not had enough sleep despite "getting" 8 hours a night.  This has caused me problems at work because I often am late.  I got a written warning for being late at every single job I have worked at.    Anyway, my partner is suggesting I go see a doctor and I think there is some merit to doing so.  I am curious how I even broach this subject to a doctor without sounding like one of those dickheads that's just in it for the legal stimulants.  I feel there is a stigma attached to thinking you have ADHD these days before you are diagnosed with it.   Do you guys think it sounds like ADHD or do you think I have something else, or nothing at all?  I really want to be sharp like a fox, and not be like the person I have described above.
