e2d02fa5bf66cb9f6c60b44c313a2e13491987e27133cda7ae1ff34d8c5196d2;;;Reflections on my ADD. I have questions and would appreciate advice especially similar experiences.;;;Well I've been prescribed vyvanse for 3 years and I've improved so much. When I take vyvanse my focusing issues including hyper focusing go away, vyvanse  calms me down, I'm able to actually enjoy reading, have pushed myself really hard in school, have more enjoyable conversations with others, can visualize stuff in my mind, have a very positive mindset, actually chose a major and graduated college (this is after I changed my major like 7 times before meds and just got in and constantly got overwhelmed, I now have stable interests (I used to go from no interest, to hyper focusing on one thing, to wanting to focus on everything) retain information better (it used to vanish from my head before I could even write it on paper. Nowadays I feel so cool being able to remember stuff from class or appointments from memory) and I've  have achieved so much. It's all my own but what do meds actually do?  I realize it's all my work, but at the same time when I don't take my meds I still have the same focusing and working memory issues and it takes me like 4 hrs to get out of bed and shower, I have trouble reading, focusing, can't visualize stuff in my head, always lose stuff, and the usual. It's hard for me to understand the difference between my own work and what the medicine helps me with at times because with ADD if I didn't take my meds id be dealing with the same issues and it's so weird to just be able to learn, memorize stuff, and understand things so easily when I struggled so much in the past and even when I tried my hardest to retain information and succeed in school and  it just slipped out of my mind even though i was intelligent I still had these issues w/ ADD. It's not just no longer dealing with it it's not having to deal with the emotional stress associated with it. It's amazing but confusing. I asked my psychiatrist what meds do and he said they do a little but the majority of work is my own, and that the meds basically turn a switch on and things work the way they're supposed to. My self esteem has grown a lot and so as my confidence under treatment has increased a lot, but at the same time it's hard to downplay the positive influence meds have had on me. It's just really hard to figure things out like this for me at times and my biggest worry is for my doctor to one day take me off meds and see how much I've improved, but then w/o meds id lose the progress I've obtained and be stuck in a career unable to manage my responsibilities. My meds aren't an excuse for laziness or an escape from responsibility like that, but how can I recognize the positive effect meds have on me without downplaying my own work?  Ive yet to find a satisfactory way to explain this and would like to somehow to my shrink. But I cannot overstate how much my life has changed for the better with treatment for ADD. I really want to understand and define myself in a positive way that helps me grow.     I also have another question:   Is the whole ADHD/ADD going away in some people a misnomer because it seems really weird that it would suddenly vanish? My doctor mentioned that once but I don't get understand it at all. I've had the same working memory issues and focusing issues my whole life so I would be very shocked if they magically went away. Does it really go away in some people? What causes that?  Tl;dr: meds really help me and I'm able to overcome ADD, but where do I draw the line between what the meds do and my own work? I struggled so hard to be able to focus in the past and remember stuff and wasn't able to and now I can.
