e3758391dc65c25dd12b90e2f2c5bf2302d4e84e8f5b25e29711a1271147556b;;;Experiencing erectile dysfunction on ritalin, any point in trying vyvanse?;;;Hi, male 25, ADD, diagnosed 6~ months ago, in a longterm relationship that was on the brink of collapsing but was saved when I got the diagnosis. started ritalin about 4 months ago. Beginning was great, as usual. Setteled after a little while but still working good.  Started out with a few of the more common side effects like loss of appetite and very cold hands and feet. Also seemingly for the same reason that I get cold hands and feet my genitals shrinks visibly, like if i took a cold shower. I am also not able to get it up, even at the lowest dose that has any other noticable effect on me. If im lucky I can get it up as the med go down a bit but Its not really hard enough to do anything usefull with.... The shrinkage, stress and anxiety of loosing the erection midways makes it more or less impossible anyway. One also very unfortunate side effect of the meds is it gives me increased libido, this together with not being able to actually do anything about it makes me extremely frustrated and irritable sometimes. Most of the other sideeffects dissapeared when I hit that magic dose but not this one :/  I have no problem getting and maintaining a normal errection around 30-60minutes after the drug passes my system but by some sick perverted reason a side effect of the drug that im also experiencing is decreased libido when not taking it. Also I have various problems with sex due to my ADD (Loosing focus, anxiety, soning out etc) wich leads me to not want to engage in sex then either.  I dunno if things like viagra or stuff like that is an option or if its safe together with stimulants. Id rather not be dependent on something like that to get rid of sexual tension when I need it. Sometimes I just need to masturbate before seeing someone or going to a dinner etc so I wont be wound so tight that ill lash out because of small little things.   So, wondering if anyone out there have had simmilar problems on methylphenidate and have changed to lisdexamfetamine or dexamfetamine with success. I know this is a side effect with both drugs wich is why im uncertain if there is any point in switching. I also looked into strattera but I would imagine it would be worse in this regard seeing as its a pure norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor and I am almost certain that the lack of blood flow is due to increased norepinephrine activity.  TL;DR Ritalin shrinks my dick and makes it floppy like cooked spagetti, any point in trying vyvanse or anything else or do I just have to live with it?
