e3beebf9c43b17ee6f330d731cf9b8fe1458a87fc684f511622dd5b5fcb59bbc;;;I'm not quite sure where to start, but I feel like I'm going nowhere in life and that I won't ever be able to get anywhere in life.;;;I have not been diagnosed with ADHD, however as a child I was diagnosed with Aspergers and strongly suspect that I do have ADHD and it affects my life greatly and I feel like I can't do anything about it. I almost feel like my brain is broken and lately it has really been getting to me. Like no matter what I do, how hard I try, how much willpower I throw into my existence, that it will just never be good enough. I've researched a lot about ADHD and I have almost all of the symptoms. I've also spent a while lurking around here just reading things about all you other people and the ways you are affected by your ADHD. When reading the little anecdotes I often feel like they describe me. Those are things that *I* have happen to me.   I hate how scattered my mind is. I'm living in almost constant confusion from things like losing things and later finding them in really strange places. This morning I was looking for something, I forgot what it is but while I was searching for it at random around my bedroom I ended up finding a watch I lost 5 years ago. My mother was very angry about me losing it but no matter how hard I looked I could never find it until now when I was looking for something completely different. The amount of times I lose things is absolutely ridiculous. If I'm not thinking about something *right now* then I will most likely forget about it unless I write it down somewhere and then I sometimes forget where I wrote it down or that I even wrote it down. My short term memory is really really terrible. I often get yelled at for leaving lights on because I get distracted by something else I start doing and leave the room with the lights on and don't realise until I get yelled at over it.   Recently I was doing a course which required class and assignments and that was extremely difficult. However, I'm quite proud of myself because I actually managed to complete it. I hardly ever am able to properly complete things like that because assignments and paying attention in class is almost difficult for me and doing assignments takes me a lot longer and requires a lot more effort than it seems to for other people. The worst parts about trying to study or do an assignment are when my cat winks at me or something then I have to google why cats sometimes do that and then half an hour later I'm reading about spoons. I think the only reason I was even able to complete the course was my near abuse of caffeine. I didn't really like having to use it. But, I decided to choose my mind and the success of the course over my body. It didn't affect me the way that caffeine affects most other people. Instead of it waking me up it did the opposite. It made me calm and almost drowsy. It made my mind go from being a radio that receives every frequency at once to being able to just tune into a few frequencies. My mind was almost quiet. I was able to not get so distracted from things and could concentrate on one thing at a time for longer. It wasn't perfect but it was better than without caffeine. I barely have caffeine now that I finished the course and I have noticed a big difference. I'm a lot more scattered since stopping caffeine but I'm willing to put up being yelled at for now because my body needs a break from the caffeine.   My mother refuses to even entertain the thought that I could have ADHD and won't even let me tell her about the symptoms because when I was a kid and was getting diagnosed with aspergers she already googled a bit about ADHD 10 years ago and knows everything and that I don't have ADHD because when I was diagnosed with aspergers as a kid the doctors would have noticed it. According to my mother I'm just lazy, I need to just try harder at things, that I can just train my brain and that to get better memory I just need to try harder to remember. This is from the woman whose best advice for difficulty sleeping is to just close your eyes and roll over and go to sleep. Sometimes I wonder if I am just lazy but I feel like I'm trying as hard as I possibly can. Like I'm watching everyone else stand on an escalator and smoothly going up to the next level of the building of life while I have to sprint up the down escalator to slowly inch my way up to that next level. I wish I could get tested for ADHD but I don't really know how to. My mother won't help me, My psychologist just seems to focus on anxiety which seems to be her area of expertise. I already know how to decently manage my anxiety. I've had to learn how to cope with anxiety on my own. I feel like I'm living with the limitations of a disability while other people expect me to live to the same standard as a person without any disabilities. I feel trapped and unable to get out of this struggle. I did want to see a psychiatrist but my mother said I don't need any medication for anything so I had to just see a psychologist. I also worry that if I pursue an ADHD diagnosis I may be seen as a drug seeker because I'm a young adult.   I apologise that this got a bit long and I'm just going to post it before I make it even longer. I just don't know how to progress in life while having so much difficulty just trying and failing to keep up with it. I don't know what to do.
