e618734dbbd4080afab599f232f4543c5ca389387771086588962f1236138f8a;;;Is it possible to also develop ADHD in adulthood with the onset of bipolar?;;;I have recently been diagnosed bipolar II, although it has been present for the past 5 years (although mainly depression until this year). I have stable periods and rapid cycling mood fluctuations, which I'm managing OK at the moment although are difficult with stress making them worse...and I keep making my stress worse, this is why:  I used to be able to concentrate, focus, and be productive with ease. I have an academic writing job and my doctoral thesis 1/2 done and I'm running out of time. Since the onset of my bipolar I have great difficulty focusing, concentrating and an increasing (although at times better than others) psychological aversion to it. The procrastination has become chronic no matter how much I want to do my work. I leave it last minute, ruin my sleeping pattern, and get stuff sent in by the skin of my teeth. Even when I've had plenty of time to do it in advance!  I've begun to, now that it is really urgent, take Modafinil almost daily, especially now I'm in a more down patch so energy is lower and it's even worse. It helps me enormously, I think it also helps stabliise my bipolar mood swings and makes me feel generally more normal. I still can struggle but once I get focused I am OK on it, even if it's last minute and in bursts. I am also better when I am hypomanic *if* (big if) I manage to focus long enough on a task to get into it.  If this just a chronic procrastination problem I've developed due to years of struggling with depression and mental health before my diagnosis or does this sound like it could be ADHD? I was never like this before, I was mentally very clear, adaptable and able to focused. Could it occur with onset of bipolar (manifesting after trauma and around the average age for it to get worse, in my mid twenties).  I also have a million hobbies, books, craft projects etc that I've started and not got further on. I get really into wanting to do something, do it for a brief period, then get distracted by next thing. Repeat ad infinitum.  TL:DR: Have developed severe issues with procrastination and concentration I didn't have since my bipolar disorder kicked in. Could this be ADHD or is this impossible as I never had it before? Modafinil helps loads, which is a bit amphetamine-like.
