e61eb67e18359def842f4d187aaef2e81aeed4ecb3611b7e8fc5157bcf38c3a7;;;I just "passed" my TOVA test; now what?;;;*boring background stuff* - Hi all.  I've been lurking here for sometime, and I finally decided to go ahead and get an official diagnoses after suspecting that I have ADHD for a long time (I exhibit most symptoms and have a strong hereditary history throughout my family).  I've been seeing a psychologist, before I could get referred to a psychiatrist.  I've been in for 4 sessions, 2 where we've talked about my history, one where we went over a questionnaire that my husband and I filled out, and today where I took a TOVA test.    My husband and I's questionnaire had significant difference in terms of severity of symptoms (he ranked me as not having the disorder, I think he was just being easy on me).  Today I took the TOVA test which had two portions.  The first portion I had to click a button when the box was at the top of the screen, as opposed to the bottom, which occurred ~25% of the time.  The second portion was the same, with the box at the top appearing ~75% of the time.  I did fine on the first part, and poorly on the second part.  Together, this put me at borderline ADHD along with my questionnaire.  I am now under the impression that my psychologist no longer believes I have the disorder.  I am still not convinced.  I am so frustrated right now at the thought of not being able to get the help and medication that I need.  Everything about the disorder resonates with my life and I really am still convinced that I am still affected.  I'm meeting with him again next week to go over my options but I'm starting to wonder what's the point.  Has anyone else experienced this kind of set back when trying to get a diagnosis?  How did you handle it?  TL;DR: I'm too good at clicking buttons, and now I'm probably not going to get a diagnosis.  Now what?
e61eb67e18359def842f4d187aaef2e81aeed4ecb3611b7e8fc5157bcf38c3a7;;;I have a "medication consultation" scheduled for Wednesday.  What questions should I ask, or any other tips would be appreciated.;;;So after 4 sessions with a psychologist, I finally got a diagnosis and he referred me to a psychiatric office to talk about medication.  I have an appointment scheduled on Wednesday and was wondering what to expect from the doctor, and if I get a Rx what to expect for the first few days.  Just some background, I was prescribed Adderall three years ago and reacted really badly to it.  I had severe headaches and vomiting three days after I started taking it.  It's a long story about why I didn't follow up with my doctor, but I just ended up throwing them out and giving up seeking treatment until now.  Will this indicate my reaction to other medications?
