e625c94915241506695eef17dddffd5906c7d74594ac9ffc371ba2bc4539d4c8;;;I was recently diagnosed (F24) and have some questions for the more weathered ADHDers :);;;Today I got my diagnosis. I have been putting it off since June, when my GP told me that I should probably visit a psychiatrist for my troubles with focussing at work and uni. So, staying true to my chaotic personality, I forgot to make an appointment, lost my referrals several times and finally made an appointment only to forget about it.    Luckily, the practice where I currently am in treatment is used to this lack of structure, so they phoned my GP for a faxed referral, and sent me several texts to remind me of my appointment. That was nice, I felt a bit stupid for being a grown up who couldn't get her shit together, but they helped me out.    Anyway, now I feel quite lost.  So I have a few questions for you guys, as you are probably better at this then I am:   1. I feel really stupid lots of the time for forgetting things. This makes me sad in turn, so overall it's unproductive. How do you cope with this feeling, if you have it as well?   2. Are there any easy ways to keep forgetting stuff? Right now I cope by writing everything down (and then losing the notes) and maintaining a very strict schedule, but it doesn't really work.  3. My shrink advised a combination of medication and coaching. However, the medication might affect my sex drive. Do you experience this? It's my main fear, I enjoy sex with my SO and don't really want to miss out on it.   4. What do you guys do when things get too much in crowded places? I try meditation or focussing on 5 things  I see, 4 things I hear, etc., but it's still hard to focus during meetings at work and such. Not because I don't care because I do, but it's so drawn out and I like efficiency.   5. Do I tell my work? I have a never-ending contract, so there's no risk of being fired or such. My boss did note me not being able to complete some of the paperwork involving my job. However, my performance is pretty nice apart from that (I get good reviews). Most of my co-workers already tease me a bit for being the bundle of chaos that I am, so it's pretty common knowledge but still.  Also: who did and didn't you tell, and why?  6. How do you self-regulate? Like, if I feel overwhelmed I can calm myself by stepping out or taking a walk, but I can never really self-regulate in the moment. Are there small tricks?    But mostly, how do you stop yourself from feeling stupid? Because I feel like I failed some big test or something. I feel sad, I really just want to curl up in a little ball and sleep for the next week.  Luckily my parents still love me and my SO was very kind to me today, giving me cuddles and comfort and a blanket. But I still feel sad. I feel like there's something wrong with me, or that I am just making a fuss and should just stop being lazy.   *Sigh*  Any advice would be much appreciated. I might drift off to sleep, it's evening here (or past midnight) and it's been quite the ride.    p.s. As a thank you for reading, here's a crude joke (if you aren't into black humor, best skip it!)  Where do you send an ADHDer during the summer break? Concentration camp! (^sorry)   tl;dr: I have trouble organizing, and I forget a lot. It's hard to focus when there's a lot happening or things take long. Are there any tips/good books/articles/video's/pictures/etc that helped you? Or do you have general advice? And how do I stop feeling stupid. Also should I notify my coworkers? Who did and didn't you tell?
