e660a159029704b4044c6b0cb765992877002b323b8b15baa3a50d92dca5c96d;;;Introducing myself, along with a complex question;;;Hello r/ADHD,  I've been lurking around Reddit as well as this subreddit for a while and finally decided to make an account. Early into my time at college I started noticing some issues with getting work done in class and keeping up to pace with the general course-load. I'm an engineering student so I assumed there was a learning-curve to the whole college thing.  I began to try harder and harder each semester only to be rewarded with worse grades. This began to take it's toll on my mentally so I sought out help. Initially my family physician said it was General Anxiety Disorder (GAD), so I took the necessary non-medicated steps to alleviate my symptoms.  I fixed my sleep schedule, I changed my diet to be more healthy (although I am generally very healthy as is), I stopped any alcohol use, began to meditate (controlled breathing mostly), workout less often as I assumed I was burning myself out, and even tried to read more often to calm myself.  These generally improved my daily life, but as one with adhd would know it is not going to cure anything. I began seriously inquiring to my doctor about the possibility of ADHD, as my anxiety seemed to stem from school, and I was sent to months of evaluations from my university's counseling centers. After what felt like forever, I was diagnosed with mild ADHD due to inattentiveness and impulsiveness. I was then titrated up from 20mg of Vyvanse to 40mg which I am currently taking.  I do not take my medication every day, my Psychiatrist at school said it was okay not to, and she assured me my physical health and mental health would be okay.  I feel amazing while taking it. I feel motivated, I can actually accomplish tasks I set out to do. I've been more organized. I'm very intelligent, and I feel this really lets me tap into my true intellectual potential. I have really no complaints at all about how I feel.  Now my question... I am studying Biomedical Engineering as well as Psychology, so I've done a bit of studying on this on my own time and am pretty well versed on the subject. My understanding is that the main neurotransmitter being affected by the medication, is Dopamine, along with a bit of Nor-epinephrine. These control a wide variety of functions and systems within your brain, which can be seen as the boost in mental performance while on the medication. After quite some time of trying to find an answer with very hazy results, my question is this: Will taking this medication long-term create an inability to naturally produce these effects if taken off? I understand that my dopamine, and nor-epinephrine levels are elevated, and that's what leads to my ability to learn, remember, think, and basically every positive effect to be experienced. But, if I continue on the medication long enough, will my natural functioning of production change/cease and cause a psychological dependence?  Thank you for taking the time to read if you did read the whole thing.  TL;DR - Diagnosed with ADHD, taken natural steps to aid symptoms, along with 40mg Vyvanse, not daily. Will Vyvanse cause a psychological, not physical, dependence?
