e9659dfc5fc2c437ef7fefb651d3f2bb3043c496f344b9f92c80cba69f766e61;;;ADHD Inattentive: What is Common?;;;Heya everybody.   A couple years ago I was diagnosed with ADHD. I believe it to be the Inattentive type. During school I procrastinated hard, wouldn't remember what happened in class, and would get B's or worse after Junior High (Last year of Junior High I was honor roll 3/4 terms). I assumed it was because I got a computer and decided it was way more fun/important. I also loved to Daydream, live in my own fantasy world for a while. That died down around my mid 20's. I kind of miss it.  As I got older, though, I found I was still circling things, lot of dreams... not a lot of follow through. And it always seemed like I lived in a semi fog, that I couldn't remember what happened day to day (I read about Slow Cognitive Tempo, but that's very extreme for my issues I feel). My college tries were B's or F's. "I'll do that homework later. Okay, I didn't do it this week.. but I'll really hit it hard next week." Doing anything that took sustained mental work was hard as hell for me (Can't stand most puzzle games like Scrabble or Bejeweled). Even the things I enjoyed doing was hard, like it was breaking through a wall. My memory was and is atrocious most days. My father would tell me to get him something, and I'd forget. Sometimes I'd remember walking towards the house, other times when I saw him, and then other times.. not at all. Things seemed to happen around me and I don't remember them much on my own.  At 29 I found out I had ADHD after my wife was diagnosed as combined type and well, a lot of her issues seemed really familiar. I went on Adderall and it was a huge difference. My memory, focus and drive was very good. For awhile. Now, it feels like it barely does a dent. As I was reading up on ADHD-I I read that Strattera seems better for ADHD-I than stimulants, and most use a combination. I also feel like the stimulants destroy my random sense of humor, and I become far more serious to a point that it worked for work.. but I didn't really like it for the normal me. Also made me a bit more alpha, which was okay. I am far too okay being stepped on normally.  My question is, does anyone else have any advice on this type of ADHD? If my situation and experiences seems on the mark or not? I have an appointment with a new Psychiatrist tomorrow.  TL;DR: Talking about my experiences with ADHD-I, and looking for feedback/stories/shared experiences/advice with medications.
