ea00c7c993a7258dbd870335f438112b8194972f2d2dbe36932c377c1d35fea2;;;I'm pretty sure I've been suffering from ADHD all my life, went to a psychiatrist a few weeks ago and got diagnosed, got meds... Advice on how to take them effectively?;;;Hi everybody,  I've been lurking this subreddit casually ever since I got diagnosed and prescribed meds. My psychiatrist wanted me to try out 5 mg Ritalin to start off, to see how I felt and how it worked, and if I didn't like it maybe we could try something else. For reference, I'm a 25 y.o. male, college grad, majored in Chemical Engineering at a top-100 school (though didn't get very good grades while there), and currently working a high-paying, high-demand job in biotech.  Anyway, I've been experimenting with different dosages of the 5 mg pills to see when I feel it and when I don't, and the mental effects therein. I started out with taking 10 mg in the morning, didn't really feel much of a difference. Then I tried 15 and I could definitely concentrate much better. When I took 20, I felt really "drugged up" for lack of a better term, so I've settled on taking 15 for a first dose. I've been trying to see what a good re-up schedule is throughout the day and so far I think what works best is 10 mg every 3 hours or so.  The problem I'm having now, however, is that, while I'm on the meds, and I know I'm on the meds, everything is great. I get work done, I stay on task, don't get too distracted with things like Reddit during work or jumping around from project to project. BUT, when I'm off of meds, my impulsivity goes through the roof. I haven't been able to stay on my diet at all these past couple of weeks even though I didn't really have too much trouble doing so prior to that (I lost about 30 pounds over last summer). Same deal with going to the gym after work, I haven't been able to keep a consistent schedule. This among other things I've been trying to control, it just feels like I have no control. My last dose is usually around 3-4 pm so I can finish out the work day and fall asleep at a decent time, but when the meds wear off, it seems as if I am useless and even worse with impulsivity than I was before I started taking the Ritalin.  Help? Advice?  Thanks in advance.
