eb42021ccaa5990215abb649644bff0f5818edb4dd6fb4a974153d15b1d3fde2;;;Going in for a diagnosis. Question about cannabis;;;Hello all,  I've browsed this subreddit for awhile and am posting for the first time today.    A little history: I have had many symptoms of ADHD all my life(lack of focus, procrastination, zoning in and out when people are talking to me...you know all know them) I went for a diagnosis a year and a half back.    I was honest with my psychiatrist, I smoke cannabis occasionally, rarely drink(one beer in the last two months).  She wasn't sure if I had ADHD or anxiety and prescribed a generic Lexipro.  That was NOT for me.  That moved to Wellbutrin.  Which did nothing.   Her residency was done and she moved to Hawaii, and I was told someone would take over for her and contact me. .  That never happened.  I really didn't feel like she listened to me(her supervisor came in, and while she gave a recap of what we went over, I had to correct her on some major things in my life).  So I went about a year and a half with out seeing anyone.  It has gotten to a point where I am struggling at work more so than before.  I set up to meet with another psychiatrist, and they said it would be 1-2 months until an open appointment.  They had a cancellation for an appointment in a week.    My main concern is that if I tell them I smoke, they are instantly going to think I am just out to get drugs from them.  And if I tell them I don't, they will require a drug test and see that I do.    How many of you got tested upon a diagnosis?  Regularly tested?  I am aware most ADHD prescriptions are a schedule II drug.  So admitting to smoking will most likely make any doctor hesitant to prescribe anything for it.  It helps me unwind and forget of the struggles I am having during the day.    I googled the doctor I am going to see, and the one review on their says that the patient was labeled a drug addicted because he admitted to smoking.  I am going to cancel and wait a month or two until another opening is available(hopefully for a different doctor).  I enjoy marijuana, and it's nice after work.  Illegal in most states(I am in WI), but I consider it like having a beer after work.  Harmless if not abused.    Assuming I have this(it does run in my family, little brother has it), am I stuck between a prescription or weed?  Sorry if this is jumbled, I am an adult in my early 30s with a career that I am seeing an increased workload, responsibility, quotas.    I appreciate any insight on this and am happy to answer any questions.
