ec92aed97ef74ebea4759e28c162398b8fe497f82d8c4394026cf2506738b098;;;Condescending Supervisor (vent);;;I want to start off by saying that I LOVE my job and cannot imagine working anywhere else. Recently I was promoted to a specialised department that requires A LOT of research, data entry, and customer service via phone/email. I love a good challenge but I'm having serious communication with a recently promoted supervisor which has never happened to me before.  Aside from my attendance (chronic migraines) I have never had to be coached in my ability to do my job, probably because I'm a diehard perfectionist haha. But lately this supervisor has been very condescending about HOW I do my job, rather than helping me understand the new information(why). She will ask me things like, did I even read the notes, you need to try it yourself, etc. I've been there a few years so I don't know why she treats me like a newb.  With my recent diagnoses of ADHD-innattentive type, I learned that my biggest weaknesses (like way below average) were omitting words, choosing between accuracy over efficiency, auditory and visual processing... Which really explains my complete and utter mental exhaustion after o get home, I have to invest my entire self in to not doing poorly.  So yesterday, I went to her for help and after going back and forth a few times about an email/follow up for something she said I never did, I just gave up and went back to my desk. In my mind, I was 100000% sure I did it. But, I double checked anyway. Turns out, I had made a draft of an email within the allotted turn around time and never finished it which means I got distracted with another task and didn't finish it. Ugh.  So I went back to her desk, apologised, and explained what happened and why I thought I did do it. I also told her that I know it is a problem for me sometimes but I was taking care of it through ADHD testing and hopefully medication soon. I also made it clear I knew it wasn't an excuse.  Her response, "ok, I guess it's fine in this situation but YOU need to be a little more diligent about the tasks that we give you." So I said okay (sarcastically) and walked away. If I had an issue with dilligence, my boss would have brought that up a long time ago. You can't get away with anything where I work.  Anyway, thanks for reading my vent. I'm still trying to wrap my head around this whole thing. And work is like my second home in a good way, so it just really sucks that I have such a personality conflict with her.  TL;DR- I forgot to press send on an email that I drafted two days before and new sup told me I needed to be 'more diligent' right after I told her I haven't been treated for my new ADHD diagnoses.
