ecc0da8bd29c0844e70c48e257a811a6a82d283f48cd73b077c41b5ddcf10859;;;Feel like I'm at the end of the college road, despite starting treatment.;;;I had a huge post written up but I'm going to distill it to bullet points   * I failed my first class this quarter despite getting a diagnosis and starting treatment. None of my math or physics grades showed improvement on the final despite the fact I felt I tested better. I did okay in english I think and I do have one 4.0 but its only 3 credits. And its not a prequisite so my department doesn't see it anyways.   * I know I studied poorly. I started working the week before finals and never called the person I was supposed to see for CBT. I had no idea if I was going to be in town long enough for CBT until I could get a job, but I still never called. I tried my hardest at the end and did the best with what time I had available, but effort means fuck all since it should have started earlier, and my meds didn't really help anyways.   * I am so ashamed I don't think I can tell my parents. They gave me one more chance this quarter to raise my grades or they would cut off financial support and this quarter would be a loan. I"m going home for a vacation with them in a week and I don't think I can do it. I'm so ashamed and I know they'll make sure I know how disappointed they are  * They don't really believe I have ADHD. They've spent several years now trying to stop me from seeking diagnosis or treatment and got really mad at me over break when I brought it up again. I kept badgering but it took weeks before they came to my side and by then it was late in the quarter.  * I don't think I really have ADHD. I'm still fairly sure my Dad was right and I'm just lazy and unmotivated, but I have something else going on that looks like ADHD. I jsut think I structured my answers and thoughts around my ARNP to get the medication and easy way out. I should have listened to my parents all those years.   * I even had a rather expensive one-on-one tutor this quarter but it didn't matter. Parents paid for that too. More wasted money. More evidence I'm just dumb or bad.    * Now I have to take out loans, but I don't think I'm going to. I don't see the point in school. I want to go into engineering but I'm only good at the hands-on stuff or whatever I hyperfocus on for the week. The research project was just a fluke because I managed to hyperfocus on a relevant topic  * I actually really enjoy all my classes. This just makes it hurt more when I fail. It also makes it clear that something else is wrong, or I'm just dumb.   * I don't think I belong in academics. I don't think I have ADHD. And no matter what, I've disappointed everyone and myself again. The state I was in for the majority of the quarter is no excuse. I was just looking for an easy out. Plus I now owe my parents whatever this quarter cost them as a loan, since that was the deal if I failed or didn't improve. I had half a mind to take a summer math+physics course to make a potentially bad gpa up, but I'd miss the first week and I can't afford it with my job and my newly acquired debt.   * I thought between actually starting CBT this summer and continuing medication that next year was all mine, but I don't think so anymore. I have no motivation and I just feel completely apathetic. I'm not suicidal, but I just don't care anymore. Not even anxious or sad, just stunned. I can't bear to tell my parents. I don't deserve their attention, money, or support.   * I'll never get into my major now since I'm even more than 1.5 grade points below the average admission gpa, and its obvious I'm not meant for that anyways. So cross another thing off the lifetime achievement goals, I should stop expecting my legacy of disappointment to change. Theres no point even going in debt if I can't get a degree in a major that would get me a job.   * I didn't get the grades my parents and I wanted in highschool, I didn't get into my dream college, and now I can't even do well in the one I'm in. Combine that with the fact that I didn't do well in sports in HS (disappointing dad's legacy), didn't socialize much or very well (or party, more disappointment), haven't been in a serious relationship, and the fact I think I'm not entirely straight (guess what my family doesn't like?) and I couldn't disappoint them more. Esp. my dad.   tl:dr I fucked up and its all my fault, and despite the medication making me feel better and having a diagnosis, I think its wrong and I was just showing the common normal response to stimulants. I'm going to have to go into debt, but have no chances of getting into a major with career prospects with my GPA at my current uni unless I can somehow entirely reset the past. I don't think I can talk to my parents or look them in the eyes ever again, I just wasted nearly $25,000 of my fathers money. His income level being high doesn't diminish it or make it any more okay at all, either.
