ed61d288f52a64da350f3a54a5968ea19ac65da8259c528cae0249e2f144ca96;;;If i'm not allowed to "self diagnose"myself, then how can i expect to be diagnosed? ;;;(Its late and i'm a shitty writer so you can just skip to the TL'DR if you want. And I'm sorry for all the spelling mistakes, i really don't want to correct them all right now, i'm sure you will manage.)   I am almost certain that i have ADHD-PI, but no one else believes me.    Ironically enough, it started when i was reading an ask reddit post about how people with disorders like ADHD hate it when people self-diagnose. while reading I realized that i really did not know what ADHD was, so out of curiosity I serched it up on Wikipedia. with some more research i realized that i could relate to every single symptom of ADHD-PI. I then started reading about it on other sites, and sure enough, i felt like i had written down the symptoms myself.    Anyway, i eventually started telling people that. The usual response is:   me: "im pretty sure i have add, i can relate to all the symptoms"  them: "where did you read about these symptoms"  me: "websites on the internet"  them: "half the things on the internet are fake you know, stop being lazy and just do work"   or   me: (ditto)  them: You know, anyone can look at a list of symptoms and say that it sounds like them. thats why they dont   let people self diagnose themselves, because then everyone would say they have it."   or something like that.    Needless to say, it annoys me very much.    the reason why i want to get some sort of treatment so badly is because i feel like i could be achieving much more than i am right now.    I feel like i understand concepts that are taught to me so much quicker and better than other people. During a lesson in school, everyone else spends the time moaning about how hard or complicated it is. even though i find it easy to understand, i still mess up everything though. as a result, i have an average of 77 in grd. 10, but i feel like i should be getting 90s, considering the fact that i usually dont start assignments until 10:00 the night before, nor do i study for tests 90% of the time.    i could go on about all my problems but as I have stated before, they are clearly outlined in every website explaining what ADHD is.   sry for the ramble, what im looking for is ideas. I may not have ADHD, but what I just want to make sure. I dont want to beat myself up trying to concentrate on everything just because other people dont want to listen to me. So back to my original question, how do i convince my parents to get me an appointment with a doctor so that i can know for sure?    TL;DR: I am almost certain that i have ADHD-PI, but no one else believes me. How do i overcome this problem?
