eda305ef8901409ae82731621293605a79f690dcd0ca6701e146e6723b649403;;;Friend is convinced ADHD doesn't 'exist'. Believed it is a result of poor diet/exercise/too much TV. How do I respond to them?;;;I will keep this as short as possible.  So, friend of mine is convinced that things like depression, anxiety, bi-polar, ADHD only exist because of consequences of lifestyle - poor diet, exercise, lazy habits, etc.  They do not believe that prescription medication should be given to people with ADHD and that that "fish oil, exercise, hardwork and structure" should be able to reduce the symptoms of the disorder. They also claimed that "If I was doing something I loved then I wouldn't need to take medication" (I won't exclaim why I started to take medication but it sure as hell is for more reasons than being able to study).   I showed them a Russell Barkley video to try to alter their point of view.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyDliT0GZpE  They responded by saying: "So in giving them more accountability, you're conditioning them (their genes) to react in a different way. I like the way he looks at it."  While this is somewhat true, (external organization is necessary to lead a cluttered mind) is it me, or did they just twist Barkley's lecture to reaffirm their stance? (controllable disorder)  This infuriates me because although I'm open to the potential that neuroplasticity is capable of strengthening frontal-lobe regions responsible for the deficits associated with ADHD via external structure and organization techniques, I resent that statement because it implies that my social gaffes/inattentiveness/lack of motivation were under my control all along. I refuse to believe that my failures/shortcomings are a result of some controllable characteristic. I refuse to believe that I am equipped with an unquenchable drive to fail, welcome stress and disappointment, or be as mediocre as possible in life.  So, do we tell someone with cystic fibrosis to exercise and eat well and think about breathing "properly" that they should be able to, in time, cure themselves?  "Conditioning their genes to react in a different way"  I don't know where to begin with this.  I would really appreciate any advice regarding how to respond to their viewpoint and hopefully change their stance. (Although, I realize this battle may be futile). They have a little brother with ADHD and this friend constantly blames their parents as being responsible for their ADHD. I don't want this kid to grow up being told that they are a failure, lazy, etc.
