ef70d76a74efe35172695247ba4c0e9bde7384a45b70705f1275d95f039087c3;;;Seroquel?;;;I was recently diagnosed and put on Adderall IR (20mg 2x) daily. I started at 10 and couldn't stay awake and with the dosage adjustments, it's been a bit of a ride since.   Basically, I feel like I'm taking a different med every day. On the best days, I feel mildly better overall and slightly more productive but still have multiple trains of thought, awful judgement of time, etc. On the "ok" days, I feel mostly sleepy or nothing at all. And on bad days, I get jumpy and can't sleep. I think I can attribute a lot of this to my lack of schedule- between my job, my husbands job and our kids, my routine varies greatly from day to day. I don't get regular sleep and I definitely don't take the adderall at the same time every day. As such, I'm totally not giving up and writing it off yet because I know that proper sleep and nutrition are essential to its function.   At my follow up with my doctor the other day, I told her all of this and she prescribed 50mg of seroquel at night to help me "shut off" because the hardest part of the come down for me is the body tiredness paired with an ULTRA racing mind that won't allow the body to rest. She said it would take a little while to get used to and I would probably be groggy for a bit at first- which I'm ok with. I'll manage. I know (and she explained) that it's an anti psychotic with varied off label uses and she said she very frequently pairs it with stimulants- at a low dose.   So I did a little MORE research and I'm seeing that at such a low dose, it's basically a histamine blocker. I can't take non drowsy Dramamine without sleeping for 3 days straight. Benadryl? Forget it. I guess now I'm just anxious this is going to level me. I have kids that I am responsible for during the day- no one else is home. I can't be losing consciousness involuntarily like I do when I take allergy/motion sickness meds. Does anyone have any experience? I am thinking I'll wait and try it over the weekend when my husband will be home and then go from there.  Does anyone have any experience with the combination in general? Does it even have any mood stabilizing effects at this low of a dose?   Thanks :)
