efdb5c0ff20ee0721dc0ea59bd3a68d95d2995e821d8934c7d7120ac2d70d434;;;Just looking for some empathy, maybe a little motivation (this is... really long);;;I'm so sorry in advance if this is going to come across as self-loathing and very "oh, pity me," I swear I don't mean it that way. I just had a revelation, and it hit me like a ton of bricks, and I'm an emotional wreck today. So I am going to rant, and rant until I feel a little better. If you don't want to read that, I understand haha.  I'm a 24F who has finally come to terms with the fact that I'm probably working with mental illness. I'm un-diagnosed, but I'm also pretty sure I'm the poster child for ADHD. It hurts and feels good to acknowledge that there's likely something going on that's beyond my immediate control.  Growing up, I've sort of always been teased about my attention span. When my mom would give me chores to do as a kid, she'd say, "Repeat after me, put away clothes, put away toys, make bed? OK? Repeat it all the way to your room."  And merrily away I'd march, with all the determination in the world, chanting "Put away clothes, put away toys, make bed. Put away clothes, put away toys, make bed. Put away clothes... put away toys.... put away clothes and toys.... clothes, toys..."  Can't tell you how many lunch boxes and sweaters were left at school, and it would just drive my mom nuts. But she also thought it was a cute little story to tell people, how byebylittlesebastian would just "lose her head if it weren't on her shoulders!" Yeah. I probably freaking would. I need help, woman.  Now, my mom, is sharp as a tack, quick as a whip. She couldn't *ever* sympathize with my memory, my attention span. She still doesn't to this day. Which, I guess, is why I've made it to 24 without having ever said I have ADHD, or trying to go to the doctor for it at all. I sort of grew up with this idea, like, hey it's YOUR brain, YOU take the reigns and YOU take care of your business. It *still,* honestly, seems like it should be that simple. It still frustrates me to no end that my willpower is not enough. How badly I want my willpower to be enough....  I'm *forever* misplacing my wallet, keys, debit card, I.D (because they often don't stay in the wallet), make up items, entire school textbooks, clothes. You name it, I'll lose it.   In fact, I'll tell myself "OK. I'm going to put these keys in this drawer. That way, in the morning, I'll know *right* where they'll be."  Then, in the morning... I'll remember that I put the key somewhere safe. But I just can't remember for the life of me where I decided that safe place would be. It's like I'll remember *everything* I was doing up until the moment I actually put the keys somewhere. Then when I finally find them, "oohhhh, yeah ok, now I remember."   I can't remember what I've told people, and what I haven't, so I start off almost everything I say with, "and if I've already told you this, please stop me."   I've stopped carrying purses because I set them down and then *completely forget about them.* I can't tell you how many purses I've left places. It's ridiculous. (Backpacks, for whatever reason, I don't seem to leave behind, so I bring a backpack with me everywhere, including bars, and people think I'm weird.) However, there *have* been times, when I get home from my 30 min commute to work, and realize my backpack is still over there. So, I turn around and drive back. What else can I do, yknow? I try to not get super pissed every time it happens, because, well, I'd be ragingly pissed all the time.   At 24, my mom still tries to give me this elementary level advice. "When you leave places, ask yourself 'OK, do i have my keys? Check. Phone? Check. Wallet? Check. Did I bring anything else I need?" and my response is always, "IF I THOUGHT TO DO THAT, THEN I WOULDN'T HAVE THIS ISSUE."   My memory is *scarily* horrible. I mean I actually worry about if I am going to have any memory at all come 50 years old. I can be in the middle of a sentence and forget what I'm talking about. Typically, I can't recall what I did just two days ago (that's not entirely accurate... I can recall what I did, I just don't know which day it was, if that makes sense. Chronologically, my memory fails every time.)  Also, though, I'll remember "oh! I have homework due at midnight, I need to turn that in as soon as I get home." But when I get home, I forget. And then I don't even remember until two days later, when it randomly pops up in my mind, "oh yeah, that homework was due two days ago." (Which, yes, I have a planner. But I've been too depressed lately to even let myself look at it, so that I don't have to realize fully all of the shit I'm putting off.. which bring me to my next point.. )  ALAS, The *WORST* part of it all, still, seems to be my *intense* procrastination, and then my semi-successful denial. I procrastinate, and procrastinate, and procrastinate, and when something is stressing me out? I change the station in my mind. I just don't allow my thoughts to go there. It's come to the point where *so many things* (bills, school, work) are stressing me out, I'm putting them *all* on the back burner, and I'm watching my life crash and burn in front of my eyes, but I'm actively numbing myself to it. I sit in front of my computer, instead, and read article after article, reddit post after reddit post. And somehow it doesn't feel terrible. In the moment.  But recently, I think I've been getting depressed. This past Saturday I slept *18 hours*. I'm not joking. I was awake for only 6 hours of the day. And I could have slept through those, too, probably. I've been feeling an extra bit of hatred for myself. My inability to get my shit together. My laziness makes me hate myself.   What's so peculiar is I seem to be very well liked. At work and at school. I make friends very easily. People always act shocked when I express any emotion other than "bubbly, happy" type of emotions. When I'm at work or school I'm almost in this high. Where I gogogogogo as much as I possibly can, and then as soon as I'm not around people anymore, I shut down. And stop all productivity (even though sometimes my gogogogoing is pseudo-productivity, and not productivity at all.) I think I spend so much effort convincing people that I'm a happy person, that by the time I get home, I've got no energy to be that happy person. It feels very manic/depressive but cycling only through 24 hours.   I literally missed my 10 AM class today because I was laying in bed. Couldn't get myself up. Lazy as heck. Which made me cry, and write this rant. Which has, admittedly, made me feel *much* better, and I'm going to get up now, and go to my next class.   If you read this, thanks. If you have some advice, or words of encouragement. I'll take them.    **waaaaaaaaay TL;DR** 24F ranting about my brain and looking for empathy, and maybe a wake up call. TBH, if I were decent at summarizing, I would have just done that. Lol.
