f0f2151df32a776d456a57be9cf6b25a55228d5c8f533ccd5592525e8c24a5f1;;;Help - Two days after takin adderal for the first time... Extreme anxiety, and a strong fear of becoming addicted.;;;I am a 26 year old male, 2nd year software engineering undergrad. About a month and a half ago I did an Psycho-Educational Assessment with a Psychologist who concluded that I have ADHD combined type as well as social anxiety and depression (but the depression is cause by my lack of academic achievement and social anxiety)... He (the psychologist) suggested that I take medication. Two days ago I went to see a psychiatrist in order to get a prescription, I told her about the result of my assessment from the psychologist and her response was that she doesn't work in the same way as psychologists do and that there's a possibility that I might not have ADHD according her assessment and I was ok with that...  She asked some questions which I answered and concluded that I have ADHD (btw, although I answered honestly, I believe any person can cheat by knowing the related symptoms and get a false diagnosis). She prescribed Adderall 10mg for 1 week and then 15 mg for 3 weeks, she thought that 10mg and 15mg were a good start but not enough and that I'll need a higher dose.I am scheduled for another appointment in a month, after taking all the meds, to see the results and maybe increase the dosage... I asked her if I could become addictive and her answer was no, and I also asked her if I can take breaks from meds, when I am on vacation or don't need to focus... she said that this is your medication and you need it EVERYDAY FOREVER to function. I have been doing "ok" without it for 25 years and I mainly needed it now because of the work load in school...    So I took my first pill two days ago with food, and I noticed the difference, even though the psychiatrist thought that I won't feel anything with 10 mg. I was calm and more focused and I could block surrounding sounds, but I also felt like I was someone else, I was also looking forward for the end of the semester to stop taking these meds... at night I was tiered but it was a very strange feeling, it was as if my mind is not letting my tiered body to go to sleep. the second day I took my second pill, it was very different from the first day, although I was calm, I was worried about the fact that I am taking a very addictive drug, and I started browsing the web for more information, and always end up getting conflicting results, but the general consensus is that it is an addictive and dangerous substance.... my family has been very worried fearing the side effects and the highly possible addiction (which increased my anxiety and worry) especially my mom, who doesn't like meds (so am I to a certain degree). The information that I got from the internet and my family's concerns elevated my anxiety... but I think it's mainly the side effect of the drug... Btw I don't classify my self as a person with an addictive personality, I have a slight eating disorder...Now I am going through an obsessive internet phase seeking even more information on the matter (Meds).... Today is my third day and I woke up suddenly with an extreme anxiety and discomfort, I felt like a drug addict or on the verge of becoming one.   I was asking my self what am I doing to my body and to my life, it was scary... The only thing that I was thinking is how to stop taking it... My anxiety level is fluctuating... Sorry about this long, unedited and slightly boring post this is the first thing I did after waking up anxious and felt like letting it all out in hopes that this could help me and it did...   Does anyone have any advice or similar experience with Adderall?... Should I stop taking it? Is this a sign that medication is not for me?
