f14625273134b73896901b95121f382ccf23cec8e1858eae7946791270ce73b1;;;ADHD, Extroversion, and Friendships;;;I'm just wondering how universal it is to struggle with friendships with ADHD. I found several posts talking about the struggle for introverts, but any extros out there with the same experience? How do you cope? I'm not a bad friend, I enjoy being there for my friends, but I tend to attract toxic people (maybe because ADHD is toxic?) who don't stick around for long. I don't have any friends that I regularly communicate with that I've known for more than 8 years, and most of the friends I've known for 8 years (since I've been in my current town) have slowly dropped me. I've never been part of an "inner circle," and the few times I've thought I was I've learned the hard way that I was wrong. Pair that with rejection sensitive dysphoria (just learned that term today and omg I can't tell you what a relief it is knowing that's part of my ADHD!) and I've had a pretty rough time. I've often been told that I'm "high drama," but at least one person in my life has acknowledged that I come at it backwards - often by trying to avoid drama, I end up creating it. And it is definitely NOT the drama itself that I enjoy (I've known a few of those!), but before learning more about ADHD's affects on behavior I learned bad thrill-seeking habits that tend to lead to drama. Anyway, anyone have advice on finding and keeping (non-toxic) friends? Especially overcoming the whole rejection dysphoria. That is a serious friendship queller and just makes life absolutely miserable. I am friendly with a couple of my coworkers but I'm constantly nervous that I'm going to eventually say the wrong thing or let them see the dark side, which tends to scare people away. Should I just be frank and explain to these new friends that sometimes I'm not a great friend and sometimes I totally lose my mind but it's okay it's just the ADHD? They're aware of the diagnosis but I'm not sure they *get* it, and trying to explain it in some contexts just sounds like making excuses, especially when I share a workload with them. The worst is that I'm a shy extrovert, and tend to drink a lot in social situations because I desperately need the human contact but I'm terrified to say anything until I'm a little lubricated, then I start having a good time and stop paying attention to how much I'm drinking, and then the next thing I know I'm making out with some rando in the bathroom. I don't go out anymore because I scare myself, but I try to invite people over to my house where I feel a little more in control. Anyway, sorry for the ramble. I'm sure many of you can relate to the non-linear rambly part anyway....
f14625273134b73896901b95121f382ccf23cec8e1858eae7946791270ce73b1;;;Hyperfocus - can it be harnessed for the power of good? (grad school/writing/frustrated neurotypical loved ones);;;Today is day three of three days in a row I had set aside to work on my dissertation. The first day went great - I was writing a new section and working with new material and my brain was very happy. Yesterday, however, was worthless. Here's my analysis of the problem: early in the dissertation research and writing process, I was constantly working with new material and learning new things, and my reward center stayed active and happy. Now that I'm down to the drudgery of details and filling in gaps and going back over old sections, my brain often shuts down. Many times, if I've taken my Adderall, it picks something else to hyperfocus on, and I can stare at the pages of my dissertation or whatever I'm trying to read in service of it all day long, but my brain is doing a cha-cha chorus line to some other subject the whole time and I can't process anything on the page. I was trying to explain this to my boyfriend and that I'm trying to figure out how to work around it and he got that "tone." You know the one. The one neurotypicals always get when we talk about our problems. He said, "That may be true, but it doesn't get your dissertation written." To which I had one of my typical ADHD explosive outbursts. It's so frustrating. Does anyone know how to harness hyperfocus for the power of good? How can I get it to focus on what I need it to focus on?
