f1a2a28ee448c2ec58d66042a728adfc6333364ae7230e8e3b756c285c0ca7ed;;;Getting bored of the person you're dating;;;Does this happen to anyone else? There aren't many people I can discuss it with because it makes me seem like a terrible person.  I get interested in someone. I begin to like them. They like me back. We begin dating and I'm really into them at first and then all of a sudden I'm bored.  This is happening with my current boyfriend. We've been dating a couple of months now. He's really sweet and I was really into him at first. There's nothing at all wrong with him. We share interests, he's actually a really interesting person, and we enjoy our time together. It's just that now I'm *bored* and disinterested. Simply having a text conversation feels like a chore. I'd rather stay home and watch Netflix or hang out with friends than spend time with him. He's head-over-heels for me and keeps telling me that I'm the greatest girl he's ever met, how amazing I am, how glad he is that he found me, etc.  ...And I'm finding myself hoping that he does decide to go through with going to a grad school he's been looking at that's in another country so that we can break things off naturally. I don't have a real reason to break up with him, but I don't want to spend years with him.  I'm never sure whether to end it because it's hard to explain to someone that you meant everything you said and you weren't trying to lead them on and not hurt their feelings. I know I'll do some serious emotional damage to my current boyfriend if I end it now when things seem to be going great, but it's also a bad idea to let him get more invested if it won't work out when he could be finding someone who'd want to spend the rest of their life with him.  I hadn't dated anyone since my ex girlfriend last year, and kind of stuck to casual sex until now. I knew I might end up feeling like this because this isn't anywhere close to the first time someone has been really into me and I stop being interested, but I was hoping that I would have grown out of it.   Has anyone else had this issue? If so, have you ever been in a long term relationship in which you stayed interested, i.e. is there hope for me?   **TL;DR:** Whenever I date someone I'm really interested in them at first but lose interest after they're already really into me.
