f259531366654c2a66a0ab32ab06394daed51741dba1ce49a09a22d277ab78a4;;;[update] new psychiatrist, new medication;;;Hi all! As you all know my last psychiatrist was an asshole. I found a new one and started seeing him today, and OMG he's amazing!! He's legitimately like a second version of my regular psychologist. I felt completely comfortable talking with him and he's very kind and caring. He offered to write me documentation for school right away, told me to keep seeing my regular guy and that he's fine with just seeing me for medication visits and that if there's a point where having any cross over, he'll ask me for permission to call my regular therapist and discuss things with him so that everyone is on board and I'm getting the best help I can from all available resources.   He prescribed me the generic of Ritalin, and were gonna try it for two weeks to see how I like it and whatnot. I'm starting with 5mg and each day I can increase the dosage by 5mg as I feel necessary to a maximum of 30mg a day. I probably won't be taking it on weekends unless I have a test or paper due on like a Monday, but I will be taking it during the school week. On June 10th were going to discuss how I'm doing on it and decide whether to put me on extended release, or to let me take a certain amount through certain points of the day, or if we need to try something new.   I'm so happy to finally have a chance now, y'know? I adore this guy, and I can't wait to tell my regular therapist that I finally found a good psychiatrist.
f259531366654c2a66a0ab32ab06394daed51741dba1ce49a09a22d277ab78a4;;;Cant tell if sensei doesnt choose me because I know the material or if its related to my accommodations or if I'm just overreacting?;;;One of my college courses is first year Japanese, and this is my first term of having DRC accomodations for my ADHD. My psychologist, psychiatrist, and I agreed it was a good idea and that it may help me during exams and math classes especially but to help my college experience in general. Basically I can choose which classes to use them in if any, and I can choose to take exams/quizzes separately, have time and a half on exams, have a note taker, and/or receive lecture material ahead of time. Oh, and I think I can audio record lectures too, but I don't use that.   I chose to set my Japanese class as one of the courses I wanted to use my accommodations in, I think I set it for exams and advance lecture material, but wasn't too picky about the lecture material thing. It's not quite as handy as I'd hoped, but it's nice...   The way our class is set up, we go twice a week, three hours one day, two hours the other day. Three hour class, first hour is in English. Remaining four hours are Japanese only. Each hour we have a different sensei as well...  While my senseis are informed via email I have accommodations, they're not informed of what exactly I have that gives me those accommodations. My problem is with my first hour sensei on Thursdays. In the Japanese hours, we aren't called on in the traditional sense. We don't raise our hands when we know the response and get called on, our senseis will do a total deer in a headlight fashion and all of a sudden "(insert Japanese question or statement or whatever here).... Moonstone-san!"   So anyways, my first hour Thursday sensei... week one I got to class a bit late because I didn't know where class was (first week or two the Thursday hours were in a different room), and none of my senseis seemed to realize I had the accommodations which was fine, they had the email and I'd rather talk about things later as needed. Sensei calls on me plenty.... Week two - four he realizes who I am and starts giving me a printed copy of the slide show at the beginning of class. (I feel a little shy about this because it draws attention to me)  Please note, we only have him the first hour Thursday, no other times. I feel like ever since week two he's called on me less and less in class since he started giving me the print outs. He scores me VERY well though (aside from week one for being late and nervous/forgetful)... we're scored in each Japanese hour by each sensei... well, this was the end of week four, and he only chose me 3 times in his hour.... I know that sounds stupid, but each week it seems to be less and less and then today it was 3 times... however, he scored me really well again today.. I guess I should be happy he isn't calling on me much, but he called on EVERYONE in class waaaaaaay more than me, including going back over classmates after he'd called upon everyone but me....  We made eye contact and he would still call upon everyone but me, and eventually I showed in my expression and how I was at my desk how bored I looked/felt because I'd like to be chosen as well to answer responses... nothing...  Next hour, our sensei called on me more times in.the first.like 10 minutes than previous sensei did in an.entire hour.... she scores me very well too though... to get a high score or full points (I generally receive 8/10, 9/10 or 10/10 each hour, its very rare for me to receive lower) you've demonstrated that you really know the material.... I have a low A in the class, it sounds like I'm one of the only ones left who didn't switch to pass/no pass, and despite how nervous I get, I do feel fairly confident in my knowing the material... but even so, hes the only one who seems to call upon me less and less, and I can't figure out why....  I worry that maybe its just coincidental and that I could just be overreacting and.worrying over nothing, but I still can't help but feel confused? Is it because I have accommodations? Is it because I seem to know the material? Is it all in my head?   There's two higher up senseis that you contact about problems and other such things, and I emailed one asking if we could set up an appointment to meet because I wanted to discuss something over a recently graded homework assignment and that I also wanted to discuss a concern of mine regarding the Thursday sessions, but I cant help but feel like I'm being ridiculous.  I guess alongside wanting to vent, I wanted to ask if anyone else has experienced anything like this and if maybe it's all in my head or if this is worth voicing my concerns?  TL;DR: Feeling ignored by one of my senseis in Japanese class, feeling like since he received my accommodations thing from the DRC that maybe that's the reason he's not giving me the attention he's giving my classmates, and I want to be chosen to answer things as well... but also wondering if maybe its just coincidental or maybe it's that he thinks I know the material really well or something? Idk... can't stop feeling like I'm being ridiculous...
