f265904c82ee0f8c32fa3dc3263f41db666f905d6b4fb515c48d92955d44145a;;;I truly love this subreddit, but there's an issue I'd like to address.;;;I've noticed a pattern in r/ADHD.  Nearly every time I've seen anyone say anything remotely positive about their outlook as someone with ADHD, more often than not, they get downvoted to all hell.   Yes, living with ADHD can really suck.  Fortunately I've got it under relatively good management at 24, but going undiagnosed for 19 years really screwed me up in terms of confidence, self-esteem/-efficacy, grades, etc.     It's important to have a place to vent and to seek comfort in knowing you're not alone, and this subreddit is truly great for that.  But I really don't think people deserve to be downvoted for or discouraged from trying to find and appreciate their own positive traits, regardless of whether or not one could attribute it to their ADHD.  **If you can't see a reason why anyone would see anything positive about having ADHD, that's fine.  But if someone else has managed to take a positive outlook on it, don't discourage them from doing so by downvoting them or making them feel bad about it.**  Granted, if you feel their claims are unrealistic to the point of being unhealthy, offer your perspective.  But for goodness sake, don't be a jerk about it.    I didn't really start to tackle my ADHD until I felt like some good could come out of it.  I felt hopelessly afflicted.  Once I found a way to take a more positive perspective, I felt capable of doing something about it.  If somebody thinks they've found that positive "something," whatever it might be, let them have it.  It just might be the thing they need to get themselves back on their feet, whether you agree with them or not.  **EDIT:** I'm glad this resonated with some of you.  I encourage those of you who agree to remind people of this general idea when you see this behavior happening.  If you don't want to type it up, you can always link to this thread or the comments.  In general, lets just try to keep our subreddit the supportive, friendly, helpful and informative place it should be.  *Please note:*I do want to clarify that if a post, be it positive or negative, is paired with being condescending, preachy or generally obnoxious, positivity doesn't negate that.
