f2cef22ea85f4fbb76452e56f9749d20673b8d7ef596f3efa34e02574fb877d9;;;I want to know if adderall is right for me.;;;Heres my situation, I should be going into my junior year of highschool. I'm still a freshman.   When I'm in school nothing ever makes sense or clicks or anything. I'm sitting there and the teacher gives us our lecture for the day, I only really remember a few things, classes are an hour long the teacher will talk for about 30-50 minutes and give us our work. I think one of my main things is that it's almost impossible for me to focus on what there saying, trying to process it all, and just take it in and *learn* like how everyone in my classes are. It's also really embarrassing when everyone around you is getting B's and A's and you get B's and A's very rarely and its mostly F's D's and C's.  It's unbelievably frustrating cause you try and try and when you get the paper back to you with an F on it. It's one of the worst feelings when you try and it's still not good enough. Eventually I stopped trying because there was no fucking point. But I can't say that because I *need* an education to get a job and be independent.  But one of the biggest problems in school for me is that I can't focus at all. I talked to my parents about it, that one second I'm listening to the teacher and next thing I know she's/he's been talking for ten minutes and the whole time I was thinking about random things. So they told to just try as hard as I possibly can into focussing in what they are teaching and to ask for help when I don't understand. So I would sit down in class and the bell rings meaning class has started and the usual happens, just like any school. An introduction for the day, the teacher talks about what were going to be learning throughout the week and the topic for today.   Then next thing I know I realize I'm back into my own mind thinking about whatever, and I snap out of it go ok, I need to focus just like my parents said. Focus. So I start like staring at the teacher trying as hard as I can to focus on what they are talking about and trying to store the information in my head and listen to them at the same time. Then when I catch myself starting to drift off into my head I tell myself NO, I need to focus! Then all that I can focus on is trying to focus which distracts me from focussing.   And so focussing wasn't working for me that became obvious so I would ask my teacher for help during the last 10-20 minutes of class on the assignments. Basically they would have to start over from the beginning and go step by step on how to do whatever it is I'm doing in that class. The second I started feeling things start to "click" and make sense, it's an amazing feeling. Your actually learning! Then you go home feeling confident and almost even excited to start your work, then you open it up and it looks like hieroglyphics all over again.   Anyways I just ended up getting so desperate to just be able to listen to a person talk for a full half and hour without only hearing ten minutes of what they talked about. I was talking about it to one of my friends who is diagnosed with ADHD and he gets prescribed 20mg of XR adderall, and he gave me one before school and said it might help. That was the best day of my life.   I was energetic, I was awake, I was even WANTING to be in that class room right there in that moment of time. I wasn't wishing for the bell to ring so I can just move on. I was able to listen and pay attention. Things were clicking, stuff was *actually* making sense. I was literally motivated to do my work and to listen, because this time I could! I wasn't spacing out every few minutes. It was an odd feeling, the only way I can describe is I wasn't necessarily excited about school and assignments, but it wasn't dreadful and stressful. The fact that I was understanding things made me so happy I just wanted more and more of my teacher to talk about biology, math, english, or health or whatever. It was pretty awesome.   Idk... I don't even know if this is the right place to post this, but I might as well. Basically I am wondering if what I said makes any sense or if anyone can relate to it. I haven't ever really talked to anyone about it and I thought it would be cool and even help to talk to someone who gets it. The biggest thing is focussing. It sounds simple to just literally listen, but its so hard somehow. And not even just in school it's anywhere but it mostly matters in school, then when I get a job. I just feel stuck and helpless and this is the first time I've had hope in a while about school.   It's 4:30 in the morning so sorry if I went off topic or something sounded weird. I just really want to get the chance to talk to someone on here that might understand me or can relate to me, cause no one really gets it and it's insanely frustrating.  **EDIT**: And what I mean from the title, is like this is the first time I've been able to not just drift on into my own head and feel so stuck inside my head. I can let other people in and listen to what they say, and learn things so much better. But since adderall was the only thing I've actually even tried idk if theres something even better or if I'm just not even in the place to post this. And if I'm not please don't just downvote and move on, I would ask if you could at the least comment or pm me or whatever with something. Idk I'm just getting really desperate.
