f34a4528c01ce678542d41f0eb8b240645dc59b153fcea9e0e6456ebfe0f3c7d;;;ADHD+Depression: Getting motivated without Adderall;;;I'll start off with why I don't want to take Adderall, or any similar drug.  I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 9 years old and started taking meds when I was in 4th grade, which was done by having a 9-year old me leave the crowded elementary school cafeteria and take a pill in the nurses office. The publicity of this made me, from a very young age, embarrassed about taking pills for my ADHD.  There were a few days that I forgot to take my meds, and teachers and peers would observe that I behaved differently, sometimes I was enough of a spaz that teachers would call my parents and mention that I was behaving strangely that day, which initially made me want to never stop taking them, and insecure about who I was with my "normal" brain.   In high school, I started growing into myself a bit, hanging out with more friends after school, when my pills had worn off (at this point I was taking an 8-hour every morning, I stopped having to go to the school nurse in junior high). And I began to notice that the medicated me was a different person than the "normal" me. So I decided, in sophomore year, to stop taking medication.  Towards the end of junior high I discovered I had depression. In high school, I started seeing a counselor, but stopped because one day, I just failed to make my next appointment and never got around to doing it.   Now let's jump to today. I'm about to go int my 4th year of college (which will not be last, or possibly not even my penultimate year). In November my girlfriend of 4 years broke up with me and I was forced to move out of our apartment and I now live alone. My grades are not great, but I was doing about okay. Now I find myself less motivated and more depressed than ever before in my life. I sit in my apartment, bored shitless, knowing I have a ton of work to do, then I decide to get high and watch The West Wing instead of doing homework that isn't necessarily long or difficult. I'm not sure how to get my ass back into gear, and I don't want to take pills that would alter my personality. I just discovered this community (and that it's not full of stupid posers who claim they have ADHD and actually just get bored doing boring things sometimes) and I'm next to certain there are plenty of you guys that can empathize.  **Tl;dr I have Depression and ADHD, totally unmotivated, I don't want to take pills though**
