f483de57390e8eb34a1e43a5c88a00560e43da854ddad045d76e317d749fd301;;;anyone here have any experience with Dexadrine? what's your take on it?;;;I was prescribed it last week, and I'm finally getting around to filling my prescription...but I've gotta admit, i'm nervous about it.   I'm a 22 year old girl with ADHD (a combination of type 1 and type 6, if that means anything to you guys), an auditory processing disorder, and a long history of depression and anxiety disorders. I wasn't diagnosed with ADHD until i was 19; at that point they tried me on non-stimulant medication (no response except awful side effects), and then Aderall. I was on Adderall XR for a year and a half, and while I loved how it felt to be on it, it was just too intense for me...it made me antisocial and irritable while on it, and once it started wearing off,  the crashes were terrible. I had horrible dry mouth/swollen tongue, and it actually caused skin sores as well. no matter what I did, I couldn't get the IR version to last longer than 2 hours and the XR version to last longer than 4.  I've been on vyvanse for this last year or so, and it's been good- still effective and helpful without the problems adderall gave me. it has a few side effects (mostly dry mouth and cheek biting) on occassion, but nothing too unbearable.  the only real issue has been that, like adderall, i can't get it to last nearly as long as it should....it really only works for about 4 hours or so. I also take lexapro (10mg) for my depression/anxiety, and wellbutrin (300 mg) for the depression/anxiety/ADHD.  in order to get a longer effect from my vyvanse, my doctor reccomended me taking my vyvanse in the morning like usual, and then taking an immediate release stimulant-based medication in the afternoon to give it that extra boost. personally, i was really hoping she'd let me take two doses of vyvanse (one my regular 60 mg dose, and then one in the afternoon of maybe 25 mg or so), since i've tried that off-the-charts and it works great, but she wouldn't allow that.  she originally wanted me to try taking an IR adderall in the afternoon, but i said i was leary of ever taking aderall again, so she perscribed Dexadrine (5 mg) instead. I'm supposed to take that in the afternoon once my vyvanse wears off.  anyone here have any experiences with Dexadrine they want to share? I'm especially eager to hear from anyone who's tried the Dexadrine/Vyvanse combination (if anyone's tried the dexadrine/vyvanse/wellbutrin/SSRI combination, that would be awesome, but i know that's a long shot haha).   a couple questions in particular- how effective was dexadrine for you? did it cause crashes when wearing off? how about it's affect on depression/anxiety? what side effects have you had? anyone had issues long-term?   If you've tried vyvanse/aderall as well, my biggest question is: how does dexadrine compare to adderall, and how does dexadrine compare to vyvanse?   I just want to find out as much as I can about Dexadrine before I take it...I'm so cautious what i put into my body in regards to stimulants after my past experiences. I just don't want to cause any more harm to my mental health or my physical health- i've had enough of that with Aderall, haha.  any insight, stories, thoughts, etc would be soooo appreciated! thanks you guys!
