f4e98bd5d27a25d09efb26d9032156e307aa748c6741a23857179bf70c152e01;;;I(20F) need some advice from ADD/ADHD'ers to best help my partner(21M) who was recently diagnosed;;;Let me just start this out by saying we've been in quite a successful relationship for the past 5,5 years and, as the title says, my partner has been diagnosed with ADHD a few months ago. I love him greatly, but I'm not a trained mental health professional and I need some advice on how I can best help him with some of the difficulties he's been having lately. Everything I have written here I have discussed with him openly. There's nothing in here he doesn't know, so advice to talk to him about this all will be rather useless.    We've been living together for 3 years now and this year I sent him to our GP because I noticed that he's been quite down lately, lower self-esteem than usual and was having great difficulty focusing on college. A few months after he gets his diagnosis and we took it as best as we could. It didn't change much for me, clearly he's always had it, so it didn't cause problems in our relationship, and I was just happy that he could finally start getting therapy that would/will help him out greatly. So far he hasn't missed any appointments, does as much as he can for it and takes his medication when assigned.  Now, he's always had a low self-esteem. It got better through the course of our relationship, but lately it seems to be getting worse. We took the diagnosis well, but he has always had emotional turmoil due to constantly comparing himself to others, including me. Now however, his diagnosis is also incorporated in these thoughts and feelings and to put it bluntly, he feels like an absolute failure who just isn't working hard enough. Now he feels he needs to work harder than NT people just to prove himself and to not let the ADHD be a convenient excuse. It doesn't help that, while he's never had jealousy issues, he feels inferior to my male friend (through college, it's hard for me to befriend, so it's relatively new that I have a good friend who is not mutual), because he is so much better in a lot of ways and he will never compare. The issue with that isn't that he's afraid of me dumping him for the friend(it's been discussed heavily and openly, it really, really isn't the main issue), but that he has to compare and he just can't control these emotions and thoughts. Clearly it puts a strain on my friendship, because I want to be accommodating without it coming at the cost of either of us being miserable or losing on a good friendship, but it's honestly tiring.   I try to reassure him as best as I can and I always tell him he only needs to work as hard as HE can, and to not compare himself to others, because screw others. I remind him that ADHD is just as real as any other disease, it affects him and the only obligation he has is to work to the best of his abilities. However, the reassuring is taking a toll on me because I hate seeing him in so much (unnecessary) pain and I really don't have as much patience to constantly be able to support him to the best of my abilities every time he talks about it or I notice he's down. I want to help, which is why I am here and I always make him feel like he can talk to me about anything and not be judged, but I have been trying to steer him towards talking to his psychologist about it. I am really afraid he won't talk about it with him however and that he has to suffer needlessly, much to the dismay of his well being.   Another point of worry for me is that some of his behaviour seems altered and/or worsened since he's been on Ritalin. As a couple, we're clingy, we like to tell each other all the silly things that happened that day and let each other know anything (groceries, how long until we're home, what we just found online, etc.). Lately I feel that he has become clingy to the point of obsession. He will send me more messages throughout the day, which is fine, but if I haven't responded within 1-2 minutes, he'll ask me if I have connection on my phone. This stresses me out greatly, he knows this, because I'll either be at college attending a lecture or be home on my rare moment when I have the apartment to myself. (This rarely happens because he doesn't have as many classes and I'm a medstudent, so most of the time I'm home later and we will always be together until either of us go to college again).  He knows my problems with it, but it seems to me that he doesn't have much control over it. We had a good talk about a few nights ago, so when it happened again yesterday, when he had to rush because he was late for an appointment at college, I was worried and admittedly pissed(note, I did not act this out on him in any way, only reminding him firmly to send me messages later and just focus on getting to the appointment on time). He admitted it was a relapse, we talked about it and that was it. I am just still so worried about him because in all our years together, his behaviour has never been this worrying. He's never been obsessive, and by god I hate using the word obsessive, but it's simply the best way to describe it.   I am sorry for the length, it's hard to try and explain without going into details. If there are any question, feel free to ask. There are plenty of things going on as well that just can't be fit into here.    My question is, is there any advice that you could give me? Is there anything that really helped you out when you were still trying to make sense of? Are there things he needs to hear and/or realize that just can't come from me?(He'll read the thread too, don't know if he'd comment as well)   TL;DR: Partner just got diagnosed, thought we handled it well, but seems to cause self-esteem issues to become greater to the point of obsession(?). Might be due to medication, we discuss everything, but I need help helping him.  Edit: Formatting
