f6661155ce9d8269c6d224ff90cda7057c7172c7aac7d36ffef1fe94a829ef97;;;What's the opinion on ADHD in the medical field these days? I'm very nervous.;;;Hey guys. This might be a kind of selfish post, but here we go...  My doctor that I always went to, the one that prescribed me my adderall, recently left the practice that my family uses. There's a new doctor there, who I've never met before. I called yesterday to get a new prescription, as mine is out. The receptionist told me that I was going to have to come in for an evaluation, and would continue to need an evaluation every three months for as long as I take the drugs. I have never needed an evaluation before in the 4 years I have been taking this drug. I don't know if the laws changed or if this is a new thing this office does. For the record, I am in New York.  With my old doctor, I told her what was up, I told her what my problems were, I showed her my initial evaluation from the counselling center at my college, she asked me a couple questions and that was it. I called the next day to tell her that I felt like I was seeing the world in a new light, that everything was more vivid, that I felt like my energy was more concentrated rather than scattered randomly. We'd known each other for a while, and I've never been the "gotta get high" sort so she trusted me. And that was it.  I don't know what to expect for this evaluation. I'm worried that this doctor will be one of those types who "doesn't think ADHD is a thing" or that "women don't get ADHD". I'm probably just being paranoid, but I'm scared, and I don't know what to expect. Since beginning adderall, I can concentrate on long projects, and string my thoughts together in a far more coherent way, but most importantly, I can communicate and listen to people, something I struggled with all my life. And right now, as an unemployed college graduate just trying to find something- anything to make some money, I really need that boost now.  That's it I guess. Does anybody else have to do this? Has anybody ever had a doctor tell them they don't believe in ADHD/they don't need drugs?  Sorry for the neurotic post. And thanks guys. I really appreciate it.  **TL;DR: What if my new doctor is like my mom and dad? Also- regular evaluatons?? ADHD doesn't just go away.**
