f6cbbdf25613d8f388eb23baa97662641c2c66544bc485fcdc6b936cde3623ca;;;everything is boring and i can't focus on anything;;;I was diagnosed with ADD when I was 10 or 11. Always been terrible at school. I was only ever interested in music, drawing, filmmaking, and basically just anything artistic and could not for the life of me even pretend to care about school. I was somehow able to do JUST enough to move onto the next grade but during my junior year of high school things just fell apart. Started developing depression and just stopped caring about school altogether. Dropped out of high school 3 days after my senior year started.   The reason I dropped out is because I already knew that I was gonna be a musician, so I saw absolutely no point in taking common core classes and thought that my time could be put to much better use if I used it for my own musical development. Since then I've only become more depressed because I spend all my time isolated in my room.  I've started to realize how little self discipline I have even for the things I love. I've been trying to learn piano for the past 3 years and I hate it. It's so boring. No matter how hard I try I can't focus on it. All the time I'm thinking about how much I want to be able to play the piano at a high level and how fun it would be to play music with ease, but when it comes to actually putting in the work it's unbearable. This lack of motivation bleeds into every aspect of my life. I can't even play video games anymore because they literally give me no satisfaction. I can watch movies sometimes but usually only if I've seen it before. If I try to watch a movie I've never seen before I can't focus for the life of me. I keep having to rewind because people are saying things that are important to the plot and it just goes right over my head. My brain never shuts up. All the time I'm day dreaming and thinking about made up scenarios and I have to physically force myself to pay attention to anything.   I hardly do anything anymore. All I've done for the past 2 years is sit in my room and watch youtube all day. I've been on and off medication since 6th grade and nothing has ever seemed to work. The best thing so far is vyvanse and that worked wonders at first, but I stopped taking it due to the annoying side effects. Then I tried buproprion for a while and that literally did nothing but give me seizures. I'm back on vyvanse now and I've been taking it only a couple times a week to avoid the side effects. My prescriber said this was okay but I'm not sure it's working for me. Every time I take vyvanse now it just makes me feel anxious and restless and although it helps with motivation it still does absolutely nothing for my concentration. It's also important to note that I've been using marijuana for the past 2 years and it's the best medication I've ever taken BUT I use it way too much. In moderation it's a goddamn miracle but now I can't seem to go a single day without it. When your life is just so mind numbingly boring all the time it's REALLY REALLY REALLY hard not to do it all the time. I know it's a problem but it's the only thing that helps me not hate my life all the time.  I really want to be productive and have a good work ethic and get my life back on track but I can't. The most frustrating part is that I know I'm more than capable. I have this natural ability for music and I'm really good at it but I just can't get myself to put in the work. I really just don't know what to do. I'm so frustrated with myself for basically fucking up my entire life.
