f793519a5401e87c56503c1f9ec82c1b979e8314982c6d3f7191bd3ae7e03ecf;;;It's losing things that really gets me...;;;Thanksgiving three or four years ago, I was working in a major retail outlet in the electronics department.  It was Black Friday, we were closing up for the day, and I realize I can't find the key.  That magic key that opens up all the video game cases, the iPad case, and those magnetically locked hooks.  I tell my manager who surprisingly doesn't punch me in the face.  After about a half hour of searching, we give up.  If it were any other night we would have stayed as long as we needed, but the crew was worn out after the mega-shopping day.  Thankfully the next day a customer found the key and brought it to me.  Here's one I've never told anyone: last summer I was in Asia for a study abroad program.  I'm in the airport waiting to catch my flight home.  My travel buddy is asleep on a couch since we had decided to spend the night in the airport because of our super-early flights.  Suddenly I realize I don't know where my wallet is.  And in my wallet is my passport.  I totally panic trying not to wake up my friend for this humiliating scenario.  I'd been in this country for a month without a major screw-up, and now here I'm going to blow it all in the final hours.  I end up returning to the airport's convenience store where earlier I'd been struggling to use their printer to get some hard copies of travel documents from a USB thumb drive.  (You can get ANYTHING in a Taiwanese 7-11, they're amazing.)  The clerk recognized me and held up my wallet.  I literally knelt down and thanked him on one knee.  About three hours ago I realized I'd lost the keys to the workbench for a school project. I'm an engineering student and this project is a semester-long group project.  In a worst-case scenario this could have meant we went all weekend, at the end of the semester, without being able to work on our project.  Thankfully I'm friends with a student worker in the department who's going to be able to help out tomorrow, but I've had to admit to my teammates team that I dropped the ball.  **Edit:** Well it turned out after l all that I wasn't the one responsible.  One of my teammates had accidentally pocketed the keys and found them in his laundry yesterday.  I'm just going to leave this post here regardless. If nothing else it shows how as soon as something goes wrong, there's a good chance I'll find a way to think it's my fault.  I told a roommate after the keys had shown up, "If I had a better system in place, then I would have *known* it wasn't my fault."He said that was a load of BS and I was trying to take on the blame for something I didn't do.
