f7ce0d4dc56506bf5fbc1143e9bd3d986251045418bc3d3389fa2895f5a4d874;;;As an adult, where/how do I start regarding diagnostic evaluation? (;;;Background information: This is long, you can skip to the last paragraph if you want.   Had school issues during childhood/early adolescence. School attributed it to be behavior problems (despite that I had never acted out in class, rather just didn't pay attention, forgot homework, and came late). My parents just thought I was lazy. It's important to note that my parents are also fervently anti-ADHD (and also mental illness) diagnosis. Social issues were a lot more apparent. I've had issues with peer interaction for as long as I could remember. Despite all of this, I ended up graduating high school and heading to college.   Academically, college was similar to high school. Decent, but I probably could have done better. I didn't think much of it, for the most part. Socially, I had made a lot of friends in the beginning, but they quickly tired of me and I could not understand why. Then I started developing significant depression/anxiety issues, mostly relating to a breakup. This prompted me to go to the counseling center, and the counselor suggested I go to the psychiatrist for medication.   The psychiatrist suggested that many of the mental health issues I had been facing trace back to undiagnosed ADHD (note: I did not mention or write anything about ADHD or academic problems or attention at all, she had brought this up completely on her own). She gave me some information regarding places to receive assessment/diagnosis. Since it was the end of the semester, however, I ended up not being able to get an assessment at school, due to time constraints.   Fast forward to Fall Semester, I'm having similar issues, but I never call the diagnostic center. I forget or get distracted. For an entire semester.   In the Spring, I finally call in April because my symptoms had been worsening (probably as a result of a significantly more difficult schedule). Seriously, multiple people asked me if I had ADHD. I'm almost on my way to receiving an assessment, until I tell the psychologist that I have a "space occupying lesion" in my prefrontal cortex area. Due to this information, she has to switch my assessment group from "Learning Disorders and ADHD" to "Organic Brain Damage".   I do not receive a call from this new group until over a month later. By this point, it was already finals week and graduation. It's too late for me to finish an assessment and receive my results, since I am not living in my college town post graduation.   However, within this time frame, I had received adderall from a friend of mine who had apparently felt bad for me, as he also had undiagnosed ADHD for a while (note: I did not bring up thinking I had ADHD; he asked me if I had it). It did wonders for me. I was able to speak at a regular pace. I could drown out background noise. I was able to have a conversation with ease. Most importantly, I was able to think more coherently, and figure out my thought processes, which had been a mystery to me before. Additionally, it helped manage my anxiety because I was finally able to think myself out of the ridiculous conclusions I had always concocted whenever I had not been thinking clearly (bad habit of catastrophizing everything)   Currently, I have moved back home so I can save money for grad school. My short term memory is despicable. I can't seem to understand verbal directions. I cannot think linearly. I always always always end up interrupting people, and I try my hardest not to. According to others, I talk excessively fast. The list goes on and on. I've decided I'm sick of living this way.   However, as an adult who is currently not in school, I do not know how to address this. My parents are still extremely anti-ADHD diagnosis, so turning to them is unhelpful. I should have asked at my physical yesterday, but I forgot. What did I do? Do I call random psychologists in the area? I have no idea where to start, and I am afraid I won't be able to finish on my own, since I have a track record of never finishing anything. As an adult, how and where do I get started?   Tl;dr: I think I might have ADHD, as an adult where do I start?
