f8c0ab982fe61895a8a676614a0350a1bdce0046430b28ee18a0fc176bda83db;;;Anyone feeling hopeless and dead inside?;;;I know I suffer from ADHD and its tough to live with I know. Once I was diagnosed I realized how I was different to everyone else and why I felt the way that I was. I'm a 21 year old virgin. Tough to live with, I've had plenty of chances with girls, I'm 6'4 not bad looking and pretty decent in convocations, the problem is i'm just so naturally lazy that I don't want to maintain a girlfriend, and sometimes I cant even be arsed to fuck. I would rather just go and chill out with friends or be by myself. I'm now finishing my 5th drink, bottle of whiskey, few beers and finally a glass of wine. I have a test tomorrow and I'm so depressed I don't give a fuck. Its an important test, I'm at university and I don't care about my grade. I'm trying my best to keep this short because I hate long posts.   I think the worst part of my life (which to be honest is pretty good, I have a lot of friends and my family are incredibly supportive) is that no-one understands me, at all. I feel completely alone on this planet and that burns me. It burns me every single day. Have I contemplated suicide? Yeah, but I think life can improve so I'm not going to go though with that. This post is sort of turning into a rant now. I take Dexamphetamine as medication but sometimes I don't like the effect it has, and the come down is pretty annoying, also I have no idea when its worn off... And these cunts that have no idea what its like living your life try and give you advice and it makes me so fucking angry, YOU have no idea what i'm going through how my day to day life is different to yours. Some days I feel like such a fucking retard. Recently its gotten bad, bad grades at uni, loneliness at my halls at uni because people are not very social where I live.   I know that I can be happy and successful but I feel like something is holding be back, right now I feel pathetic and useless. I just wish for a year I could go ADHD free and sort out my life and then go back to being my normal self and maintaining what I have. I feel like all I need is a GF, good grades and a social life and i'll be sorted. Such aspirations are out of reach.     I feel so lonely, so useless and so pathetic.   TLDR: Recently I've felt pretty down and I feel like i'm in a downward spiral of emptiness and despair and I won't be able to get anything I want. Fuck ADHD and everything that comes with it. I will find the demon that created such a condition and do unthinkable things to his body.    Please... tell me I'm not alone.
