f8f7accbb60dfaaca87efdfd5c03fc72554b138be0c79b4021b6c1d41f2e82cf;;;Have any of you had interpersonal issues with peers when you're doing well? How do you deal with it?;;;I've repeatedly gone through cycles of over and under performance in my life. When I started school, it was over performing. I could already read and do basic math, school was boring and I was way ahead of my peers. They all hated me. End of elementary school, I was under performing. I'd ignored enough math class to have fallen severely behind, I'd quit doing my English lessons so my classmates would stop feeling so inadequate, I constantly talked in class and went out of my way to garner negative attention from authority for the sake of my peers.  I over achieved in middle school again, leading to my new peers hating me. I under achieved all through high school. Consistent Cs, Ds, and Fs, much to the delight of my peers who had always cheered my failure. That was largely due to being completely behind in math and 100% unable to pay attention or do my homework at that point, rather than being intentional. I flunked out of college three separate times for the same reason. I was finally diagnosed a year ago.  Treatment has been amazing and I feel like the person I thought I was again. I'm on top of things, I have hobbies, I'm always doing well at my job. In fact, I've been promoted 3 times in the last year. Now, though, comes the part where my peers aren't happy with that. I consistently over achieve to the point that their laziness is noticeable now and it's shaking up the whole office.  Some of them outright avoid me, some of them try to belittle my achievement and act as though I work so hard because I'm not doing my job right, some are trying to start rumors and other drama. It's really starting to bring me down. I thought I loved this job. It's the first thing I've done well at in years. I don't think I'm making them feel bad. I don't make comments to them about what they're doing, unless it directly effects me, but I know our bosses are impressed with me and trying (also lazily) to push people in my direction.  I feel ostracized, I have no friends anymore. I've been so proud of myself for doing well, but now I'm starting to hate being high achieving again and I've considered quitting my medication or finding another job, but neither of those are things I want to do. My doctor says I'll either get promoted or get another job and not to worry about it, but it hurts to feel like you'll never be part of the group. It hurts even more to know that the only way to be a part of it is to intentionally do less than you are capable of, especially when you've spent so much time and energy wishing to be able to do all you're capable of. I'm so sick of feeling like this. Has anyone else had similar experiences, what did you do?
