f97b235c057092019e67fb571e1afbf299f0d5e20883091353b561a181d0c45e;;;I want to get tested but I don't know where to start;;;Be prepared, this is gonna be long. I'm sorry in advance.   I'm currently 19 years old and am female. I'm in college and I've recently realized I've been showing a lot of the symptoms for ADHD and that I've been showing them for a while now. It's been affecting my life negatively especially in my social and academic life. Because of this, I've had to drop two classes this semester which is something I've never done before (it's my second year in college). Long story short, I am very interested in getting tested and mainly getting help to build better habits.   I've done all the research to know what my next steps look like but my family situation may be the thing that holds me back. I moved out two years ago but am still financially dependent on my parents (having a bum of a daughter would make them look bad). My father is very narcissistic and has been abusive towards me in the past. My mother has essentially neglected me throughout my life. I haven't been to the doctor in more than 5 years.   I live in the US so I know I have options but I would like to know what they are. I want to be able to go to the doctor for a general checkup and to get tested for ADHD but I don't want my parents to know. I wouldn't be able to have anyone give any information about my childhood because I never had any close friends or close parental figures throughout it.   So I guess what I want to ask is can I go to the doctor using my insurance without my parents knowing? Should I go to a general practitioner first because I haven't been to one in so long? Or should I find a therapist? I'd there any way of keeping this from my parents?   I feel like this is affecting my life too much and I really need professional help with either diagnosing me and getting treated for that diagnosis, or just getting help with ways of slowly fixing things if I end up not getting diagnosed with ADHD or anything else.   Thanks in advance for any comments
