f9a11751e7fecc29a64d4ea758d84567a71ef3d48f1f614d3c804fc0e48316f8;;;ADHD and Empathy: We're not sociopaths;;;This is something that has been on my mind for a long time. I've been diagnosed ADHD since elementary school, and for a long time I used to think that my empathy was damaged. I wouldn't react to people emotionally like 'normal' people did. If someone was upset, I wouldn't get upset, but instead I would try to find the reason and solution. I used to think maybe I was a sociopath or something because of this, or that my emotions were simply broken.  But I realized that I do in fact emote, the problem is, my brain is always more focused on situations and tasks and it puts emotions on the backburner. When I do get the rare occasion where an emotion becomes the focus, my poor head doesn't know what to do with it. It doesn't just emote, it HYPER emotes. Anger becomes rage, happiness becomes extreme bouncing off the wall excitement, anxiousness floods in to full-on panic and anxiety... And those emotions can shut off instantly if my focus is needed on something else.  It scared me, honestly. I study psychology as a hobby and began looking in to it, and found there are three main types of empathy: Cognitive, Emotional, and Compassionate.  Now, at first, I believed what I had was cognitive empathy, meaning that one is aware of peoples' emotions but do not feel anything for or related them. This is a common sociopathic trait.  Emotional empathy is what makes people feel what other people are feeling, the more 'normal' form of it that we see.  But finally I found compassionate empathy, which is far more accurate to myself. It means that when someone is feeling something, I understand it, but it does not affect me emotionally. However, unlike cognitive empathy, I am looking for solutions. I shut my own emotions off with the intention to focus on the other person and help them, rather than connecting to them by being sad with them when I'm not personally sad for example.  I always just felt like feeling sad when other people are sad is kind of rude, because I'm not in their situation and they don't need more sad people around them making it worse.  I guess now what I'm wondering is this: Is this just me, or is this common for ADHD folks? What do you guys think? How is your empathy in comparison to other people?
