f9ae6ec4dfaf5027dec924ab6641c9fd424b28f60ed43011fc671cee8a368170;;;Adderall saved my life, and made me super active! (But I can't exercise without it);;;Hello Reddit! I've been a lurker here for months, and am curious if any of you share my experience with ADHD and adderall, particularly the weirdness of rebuilding your life as a 'mature adult.' At the very least, I hope my story can help anyone out there who's still struggling.  Like many of you, I covered my ADHD symptoms with bad habits. My family didn't believe in mental health and emphasized academics as the highest priority, an attitude that both saved and sunk me later. School wasn't too bad at first, but I really bit the dust in college. 3 years into a pre-med program at a rigorous university, I thought I'd hit the rock bottom of mental health: anxiety, depression, and eating issues.   Unfortunately, it only got worse for the next 2 years. Funnily, I could do everything required for med school during college, and got an almost perfect college GPA. It was easy to keep going in school, because I thought college would end and I'd take a relaxing year working a full-time job. That's when all the anxiety and fear I'd used for years to make myself focus hit me big-time. Now, the experience seems pretty surreal: I'd write half an email at work, start two more concurrently, then start a fourth and totally forget about the first 3 within 15 minutes. Outside my job, my brain buzzed 24/7 with negative thoughts--I was stupid, inadequate, ugly, unmotivated, you name it. So, around January I decided enough was enough and made an appointment with a psychiatrist.   This doctor and his diagnosis changed my life.   He prescribed adderall during my first visit. From the first pill I took, Adderall gave me peace of mind. The negative thoughts shut up. My anxiety vanished (*note, this effect faded somewhat later on), my achievements finally made me happy and confident, and for the first time in 10 years my eating issues were simply gone. I could actually go OUTSIDE my head, and interact easily with the world! 5 months later, I'm in love with life and will happily be attending medical school in the fall. :)  What I love most, now, is how easily I can go from thinking--&gt;acting. If I want to run, I run. If I want to cycle, dance, read, work, I can DO it. I'd been forcing myself to train for marathons previously, but every moment of physical effort was exhausting both mentally and physically. Now, I can actually enjoy exercise! It's relaxing, not painful. Running, cycling, and jogging with my dog outdoors are some of my favorite activities.   A caveat, though: this wholesome state fades when the drug wears off. For ex, before I began taking adderall, a flight of stairs was excruciating unless I hyperfocused on overcoming them (this happened even after a regimen of almost daily exercise, including rowing, running, tennis, and lifting!). Talking to people without adderall also drains my energy. Luckily, I was already improving my social life before adderall, so except the energy difference and focus I'm pretty okay.   ***Anyway, sorry for the monologue!! My question is: does anybody else have absolutely NO energy without adderall (prior to ADHD diagnosis in particular)? And does adderall let you get out of your head? If so, what can you do to get around this when you aren't taking adderall?***  Tl;dr, I was diagnosed with ADHD and anxiety after struggling with no focus, low energy, anxiety, depression, and eating issues for 10 years. Adderall cured all the above within 5 months, and transformed me from a depressed couch potato to an active, social, confident person. My life is awesome, but I'm concerned that I I 'naturally' seem to have no energy prior to my diagno(e)s. Has anybody also experienced this?
