fa0f749f2a663adb7bba493ea770f99b234fbc5c3a63b42f25849e2d1cbb5e34;;;Picking a career path.;;;WARNING: WALL OF TEXT  Hey guys, I'm finally sitting down and writing this. I'm a (kinda) normal 20 year old college student in Los Angeles. I like the usual redditor stuff: video games, TV series, puppies, kittens, hiking, nature, foood, etc.   This past year I've been taking care of a family friend who happens to be a retired psychologist. I do things like do her shopping and drive her to her doctor appointments. Its an easy "job" but tbh, its unbelievably boring and over the past few months she's been kinda noticing that my enthusiasm has been lacking. She would periodically ask me if I liked the job and I would always respond with "Yeah, I'm just kinda stressed out right now" and bs like that. I stayed because I needed the extra spending money and I felt like she was one of the very few people who I could speak to about my personal problems. Stuff about my self-diagnosed general anxiety disorder and ADHD.   To move on the important stuff, I quit the job like a month ago because I couldn't handle the stresses of college + my other job (Office Depot). Before I left I asked if she could maybe shed her thoughts on my thoughts. We sat down and discussed some stuff she learned about me over the past year. To keep things short, she's confident that I do have an anxiety problem and that I do have ADHD.   You have no idea how relieved I was to hear that coming from a psychologist. Suddenly, I wasn't crazy. "I really DO have legitimate problems!". Not that I was going to give up on bettering myself, but it felt like weights had been lifted off of me. I felt lighter, and whenever I would feel anxious and/ or I couldn't concentrate or finish something, instead of taking it out on my self esteem, I would think about how this is common for people with _____, and what I can do to work with it.  My problem now is regarding my future and career path. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I WANT TO DO. I've had a dozen hobbies since I can remember. There was a period where all I did was film and edit skate videos and short films-- I gave up on that. There was also a time where I would blog about tech-- gave up on that. Trumpet-- gave up on that. Guitar, keyboard, fl studio, ukulele, basketball, football-- also gave up on all that. I can't stick with anything (sometimes not even video games). My question is: For the people who have set career goals or who have careers already... how? When did you decide that was what you wanted to do?   Thanks for reading, guys.   TL;DR  If I can't stick with one hobby, how am I supposed to pick a career?
