fabe08f18b4d104bbcc82f4931297f91214fe80a77a92937aedc0b210df9c311;;;Over time my meds took away all of my energy... Any tips?;;;My Concerta at first gave me energy, then took it away. I quit, and I'm looking for advice.  Pre-diagnosis: I wake up at noon. I would usually need caffeine for energy before the gym (1/3 of a redbull). I'd then go to class for 4 hours, then have energy to do homeowork until 1AM. I worked at a super slow pace since I was always distracted, but I reliably had energy go do it.   First month with concerta: Amazing! I didn't need caffeine at the gym, and the effects on my focus made my homework/studying easier. Only issue is that it would keep my up until 3AM... I still aimed for 8.5 hours of sleep though.  Second month: I noticed I started losing focus around 9, which throughout the month receded to 6pm. I also become tired around then and couldn't get ANYTHING done. My doctor gave me Ritalin as a booster to take around 5. Now, I could continue working to 1, but couldn't sleep till 3 so I started taking sleeping pills (bennedryl basically). This pattern continued, and eventually I had to quit going to the gym since I NEVER had energy. Instead of feeling good when pushing myself, each push on weights made me more tired. I was dependent on taking the medicine, without it I felt like I couldn't focus and had something missing. No cravings or withdrawal symptoms, but weird.  Third month: She gave my adderall XR to try instead since Concerta stopped working and backfired. Instead, I just stopped taking everything. 5 days in now. I'm clearheaded, sleeping normal, but back to working slowly and distracted. I'm afraid of falling in love with another medicine that will make me super tired. Its nice to not feel like I need medication anymore, I feel clearheaded and normal, which is very surprising. Concerta felt like a mandatory magic fix for a while.  Do you have any advice? I can't figure out why my meds backfired and made me so tired. Should I start taking the adderall xr? I wish I had that focus but can't afford to lose energy like that again.  EDIT: To clarify, the Concerta was 18mg and Adderall XR is 10mg.
