fad83ae20fd5faea1e951af72b670130bd0bbd09a91a37dd0214ac3ffb04c4cf;;;[Methylphenidate] - Fast up, fast down on controlled release capsule;;;Hi, I'm an 22 year old male. I got diagnosed with ADHD without hyper activity little over two weeks ago after seven years of wondering why I could never hold my focus and study like everyone else. I was always told I am smart, but lazy.   I was put on a controlled release version of methylphenidate with 17,5 mg of active ingredient bound to slowly dissolving starch balls that are supposed to release the drug over the span of eight hours into my system.   Me and my psychiatrist agreed that I start with one capsule in the first few days and see if I get any noticeable effect. If I don't get any noticeable reaction I can up the dose to one in the morning and a second one in the afternoon with lunch and possibly a third one as late as 6 pm.   The only effect I'm getting from the morning dose is slight vertigo and a feeling like "something is going to happen in a moment, but I don't know what it is". I don't get any noticeable enhancement with concentration. This could be because I am still really tired in the morning and the drug doesn't seem to have much effect on making me feel awake. This feeling fades away relatively quickly and I am left feeling empty and tired.   Then when I take the second capsule after 4-5 hours with lunch I start to feel the effects. I feel robotic and all my urges to distract myself fade away and are replaced with a calm feeling and almost an urge to do monotonic tasks. All my bouncy, over-analyzing though processes are killed and the world goes silent. I have never been able to study for a test for longer than 30-40 minutes at a time before finding something else to do, but in this "robot mode" I can sit still for the whole duration of 3-4 hours. Then everything just crashes and I am left with an empty mind, slight anxiety (sometimes paranoia) and I get easily irritated. However, this has not happened every single time.   I feel I could benefit so much from the medication to get my urgent tasks done for once, but the sharp ups and downs are getting really annoying. I'm also consuming huge amounts of food while the drug is active and my stomach feels empty all the time even though I was told that the drug could do the exact opposite.   I've always had a super fast digestion system. I can eat and eat and never gain kg and stuff just keeps coming out the other end. Which makes me wonder could the problem be that the drug is absorbed too fast, causing all these negative side effects? To add, I'm feeling absolutely fine always in the morning before taking the drug. I also sleep at least 8 hours every single night.
