fb26a441ca9319fc07d8a138421b1651e29e81d75a39d5aae30fe15a8f37ae8d;;;It gets better;;;So I find myself awake at 6:30 in the morning and on this subreddit and I see how much some of you guys are struggling and I wanted to let you guys know that it does get better.  I struggled with undiagnosed ADD all my life and I think depression was a big side effect of it. Now, at 21, I've spent the last 2-3 years battling with psychiatrists over inconclusive tests and have heard the words: "Well...you *might* have ADD but I'm not sure enough to prescribe stimulants" at least 8,000 times.   This week, after a particularly bad couple of weeks, I visited my (new-ish) psychiatrist whose dumbfounded by the fact that I sleep normal people hours for normal lengths of time yet I still struggle with focus, attention, and fatigue despite being by all accounts a relatively intelligent person.   Psychiatrist looks through all my old test results and basically says my former doctors were full of crap and that if I was comfortable we should try out some ADD medications to rule it out or confirm it. So I walked out with a Vyvanse prescription a year after having my Adderall script taken away from me after my doctor passed away.   I've never used it before and will for the first time in a couple of hours but I'm already in a wonderful mood because someone *believes me*. It might produce horrible side effects and not work but I know now that it's not just me out there. I have someone on my side.   And so do all of you. This subreddit has been like a safe haven for me over the past few years even though I've rarely posted. So for everyone out there who is like me and can't drive for the life of them, or read more than 10 pages without getting frustrated or lose every important, small item- It gets better. We've all been there and we got through it and you're going to get through it too. You just have to hang on and do the best you can and no one should ever fault you for your condition.   TL;DR: ADHD sucks, treated or untreated but you'll always have this subreddit to vent to when things get bad. Stay strong, awesome ones!
