fbc3f0f1d8e7e196b51ac5e9c45694135865dc46cca42568c49cb0074f4afb83;;;How to act like a professional adult to avoid stalling out my career;;;Background: diagnosed in college, medicated, almost a decade at current company  Every year we get one on one meetings with our manager. And every year I get told the same thing: my technical skills and expertise exceed everyone's, but my "soft skills" and "professionalism" are lacking, to say the least. At the beginning of my career it was fine, or at least not really detrimental, because the quality of my work was unmatched and I only needed to interact with my peers and colleagues, who know me and like me and my personality. But now I've finally gotten to the point where I can't get promoted any higher until I get my act together, because the next roles up include managing people and interfacing with big customers. I've been told that even though I'm a technical expert, that means nothing if people don't *see* me as a technical expert because of the way I speak and behave and interact with others in meetings.  My biggest "issues" when it comes to work is that I don't really have a work and home personality, I have one "take it or leave it" personality. Even medicated, my emotions can still get the best of me and I get get pretty "passionate" about my ideas and opinions on work-related things and I have no filter to stop myself from voicing them out loud. The worst is if I sense that someone is running their mouth but has no idea what they're talking about, I tend to correct them on the spot and it comes off as disrespectful, but again, my mouth says what I'm thinking before I can stop it. And even if my mouth doesn't say it, my face betrays me and will say exactly what I'm feeling and thinking. I tend to talk to everyone as if they're my bff, and although this works with most of my coworkers, this isn't appropriate if I ever start managing people or interfacing with customers.  I've been trying harder to stay cognizant of my actions and expressions and word choices the last few days, but inevitably I forget to stay aware of it and slip right back into my old habits and natural ways.  Typing this all out and seeing it in words makes me sound like a terrible person who I wouldn't like to work with, which makes me kind of sad, but I promise I'm a nice person. Just impulsive and filterless. I'm sure I'm in good company here.  Any other adults here in a career have tips or advice on how you achieve these "soft skills"? Fake it til you make it only works if you remember to fake it, and I'm bad at being fake.  TLDR; I need to learn how to be more professional if I want any chance of advancing in my career in the future.
