fc74bc3492a51cb90508afff5ca02afefd0a6b55e8f55f3c351d71c8a58c9aa6;;;Things that have helped me explain ADHD to the ignorant, misinformed, or misunderstood positively and with substantial success...;;;I originally had this posted under a different thread in response to a comment however had a few messages that said I might want to repost for others to see as it was helpful.   A few things that have helped me explain to some who don't understand but actually want to or are curious enough about it include:  The cocktail effect - psychologist describe the cocktail effect in an effort to explain how the brain can subconsciously filter out relevant from irrelevant stimulus. For instance, when somebody goes to a cocktail party, even in the midst of all the noise, the clinking glasses, people talking, music playing, and almost insurmountable number of audible and visual distractions, somebody from across the room at a audible level not much louder and sometimes even quieter than the rest of the noise going on calls out your name, and amidst all of that somehow you still hear them and your attention and has been grabbed! This is because the brain is constantly filtering out relevant from irrelevant stimulus subconsciously and alerting your conscious self when something requires your attention. Now imagine that every noise, every single glass clink, every word spoken, every bump into a table, every lyric to a song, your brain deciphers, sometimes more strongly than others, everyone of those things is saying hey "insert their name here"!   Secondly ADHD is described as a disorder of impulsivity amongst many other things. It's one thing to be constantly distracted and pulled away from what you're doing, however those who have ADHD don't have the same ability cognitively to return to the task that they were originally involved in. It is often something that is simply outside of our control at times. This is important to understand as simply a lack of attention span or having trouble concentrating does not simply constitute for ADD or ADHD, but it is the fact that once distracted you don't go back to what you were originally doing regardless of whether you're conscious of the fact that you're doing that or not. People with ADHD tend to live in the now and struggle with understanding and being motivated by goals and consequences, and for this reason is often perceived as a behavioral problem.   Third, and often not discussed or understood fully but very very very well-documented is ADHD's affect regarding emotions and the impulsivity that can swirl around them. We simply tend to react impulsively, wearing our emotions on her sleeve's, and before we realize that "hey buddy, were commin in hot here..."  the damage has often already been done. Where as other people would normally never act out those things and me feel those emotions in the moment but quickly pass and don't really have much of a regard for their true feelings as logic and reason tend to catch up fairly quickly, we're just along for the ride.   Lastly, when it comes to hyperactivity, hyperactivity is normally scene when you're very young as a child, sometimes as early as in the womb, but often starting to see symptoms around The ages between five and eight, and often peeking in the early to mid teens. When were considering the H in ADHD, it's really referring more to an internal hyperactivity. Although we may not look at on the outside, on the inside we are bouncing around like a handful of superballs in a dryer.   I love analogies. If you approach somebody who makes a comment or asks a question and ignorance with the understanding that they're probably saying this simply because they just don't know any better, it helps tame some of our impulsive reactions to it and allows us to teach any fun constructive manner. And this is where the magic happens. This is where people become interested and engaged. People tend to make jokes when they're uncomfortable. But if you're open with them and show them that there's no reason to be uncomfortable and you're more than happy to explain it not only for their benefit but for your own as well, this is where you can make new friends while in turn educating them and inevitably those around them. In fact there is been a few occasions where upon explaining this and giving them knowledge in a more digestible format, the person I was talking to you had a holy shit moment and realized that they in fact might have something that they didn't believe they ever did to begin with.   As you can see by my original post, impulsive emotions still come out, however if you change your own mindset you can curve those impulses to be positive or constructive. It just takes a lot of extra work for us because instead of simply acting the part or doing steps A, B, and C, we have to radically change the way we think, the things we believe, and in turn, the impulses better reflect those internal presumptions.   Hope this helps!  TLDR: Analogies are the shit!
