fce845b99a10c500789ab36fa149107022b989ae7c98306f5974c9c1e4983147;;;Wanting opinions. Could this possibly be ADHD-I?;;;I've been cursing myself for my social anxiousness for years now. Never talkative. Awkward as all hell. I just sit there in my own mind, while everyone else interacts and has great conversation. I sit back and observe what is going on in the conversation, and very rarely feel like i can contribute. I've been quiet my entire life...I feel like I'm a lesser level of a human...whereas normal people see each other and can communicate with ease and understand each other, when I come into contact with somebody, I feel dumb and on a lower level of intelligence with them.   Also: I used to get really nervous when talking to people. My back starts sweating and my face gets really red. This has gone away for the most part recently, unless the situation is EXTREMELY awkward. During my normal every day awkward encounters, I still get anxious and have no clue what to say, but i don't get the hot and sweaty effects.  Months ago, possible maybe a year or more, I lightly considered that I may have ADD, because of my problems with paying attention in school and forcing myself to do work that I don't want to do with no success and constant procrastination of EVERYTHING. I quickly dismissed the idea though, as I was in denial and believed I was just a lazy piece of ****, because my social symptoms were way worse and I was mainly focused on those, so I believed that I may have social anxiety. Now, though, I believe that my social anxiousness might be a side effect from a form of ADHD.  A week ago, my sister's friend came over to my house and gave my buddy a few 70mg vyvanse. My friend didn't really want them, and left them at my house. I was tired one day and kind of just said screw it and took one to see what would happen. I was surprised about the effects that it had on me..  He called them 'speeders' which I guess is the slang term for prescription stimulants. I was expecting to feel extremely caffeinated or something of the sort, just filled with loads of energy, and I expected to be very hyperactive. I was wrong.  About an hour and a half to two hours after I took a dose (I opened the capsule up and took 35mg instead, might as well be "safe") I started feeling the effects. I felt a great ability to focus on anything that I wanted to. I truly felt that if I was working on anything, or playing a video game, or engaged in any activity really, that I would not have to worry about distractions or putting off what I was doing. I felt focused and in control of my actions. This was amazing, as I felt like I could actually be productive with my time and do something with myself.  The secondary effect was that I could actually be social. Usually when I'm sitting around with somebody, or riding in the car with someone, it'll either be mostly silence, or a slight bit of conversation with a lot of long pauses in between (and that's when I'm comfortable with you.) On the vyvanse, though, I can talk fluently and effectively. I actually went two whole car rides with no silence, just conversation the whole way. In a way, it was enthralling to be interested in the conversation and engaged, it was so new for me.  Last night, I took a whole 70mg with my friend that had originally received them. He planned on speeding, and I wanted to just try a higher dosage to see what happened. I informed him prior to this that I thought the pill helped me function correctly. We played some Zombies on Call of Duty for most of the night. We took the pills at around 10:30 pm. They started to kick in at around midnight for me, and I had the same feelings as before. I could concentrate and focus on what I was doing, and I was happy and talkative. We played until 8am, and I was able to hold constant conversation until around 7 or 7:30, then I started to get silent again. On another note, too, we both did a lot better than normal on the video game, haha. I was able to think my actions through and perform better instead of relying on instinct and impulsive actions to get through levels.  So, I was just wanting your thoughts and opinions on the subject. I plan to pursue this farther. I've been reading up on a lot of the symptoms and signs of ADHD Inattentive and I seem to fit the bill in a lot of places, but lack in some others.   If you need to know anything more about me, or want some questions answered, feel free to ask. I want to have a fruitful discussion about this topic, because I feel it may be a problem for more people than just me. Something life-changing could be sitting right under my nose, I just need to know if it is too good to be true.  Edit: Also, I apologize for the essay, this is the longest thing I've posted online in my life
