fdb74413510afefc59074c0c84cd47319b5b8de316828f89282d93e44ca4bc78;;;The Virtues of Later-Life Diagnosis and Medication?;;;Hi all,  I was just recently diagnosed with ADHD at 30, and in the last month have been trying medicaid in the hopes of being able to realize more of my potential than I have up to this point.  As a caveat for the rest of my post, I was diagnosed with a mild manifestation of the disorder, and have done pretty well up to this point - Master's educated with a good job and wife and house.  And herein lies what I've thought about in the last month.  I feel like because I've waited until 30 to receive a diagnosis, it forced me to develop coping mechanisms that have enabled me to achieve before medication and therapy.  Things like PDAs and (later) a smart phone, forcing myself to find private spaces for focus, and a willingness to accept imperfection have helped me significantly.  If I had started some kind of regimen in middle or high school, would I have developed those skills?  I'm not sure.  I feel our modern culture does everything possible to avoid struggle and pain, and so we often medicate ourselves with whatever we can.  I think the last thirty years have made me a better person, irrespective of the times I screwed up because of distraction, didn't pay a whole lot of attention to friendships and certain conversations, and decided to ignore boring paperwork.  In essence, I dealt with struggle and found success in spite of what I had an inkling of my whole life and know for sure now.  Now, as my life continues to grow and become ever more complicated, trying to find more approaches seems to be valuable, and I want to try medication NOW, and not when I'm trying to develop scaffolds in learning at a prime time of growth.    Anyway, I figured this was as good of place as any to get some feedback from other thoughtful people.  I'm just curious to know what you all think - if you were a late diagnosis, do you think the struggle was worth it?  If you were diagnosed early and pursued medication first, are you satisfied with that?  Thanks in advance for you thoughts!  TL;DR - Glad I wasn't diagnosed until 30 because I had to work through my problems and dealt with my shortcomings square on.  DAE think that's a good strategy for people under 30?
