fef233af3c0ecb2e013fbf09bd87659202ed145fd6739eaf7e3d829be10194cf;;;People diagnosed as adults: what made you decide to get "evaluated"?;;;(Background) Hello, first-time poster on this sub but I've lurked for a long time. My partner has ADHD-C and this has been a huge resource for helping me to understand him, as someone who (like most of the public, unfortunately) knew little to nothing about ADHD before meeting him. My partner was diagnosed as a kid and has pretty steadily taken the same meds for a long time, and they work for him. He was/is a great student and has a great job where he seems to be greatly respected, especially as an intern.   (Actual question) This has happened occasionally throughout our relationship, but lately it's been happening far more often: there are moments when I'll say something to the boyfriend and he'll kind of squint at me funny and say, "Are you sure you don't have ADD"? He definitely knows what to look for, what with having had it his entire life. That, and the fact that based on a lot of the research I've done, I do fit some of the characteristics. However, I've also been under a lot of stress right now, so how do I know I'm not just looking for an excuse? I'll clarify: I do know that ADHD isn't "just an excuse." I've done more than enough research, and I understand what it means. What I'm saying is, at what point do you cross from just being someone who at the moment is doing something often associated with ADHD, to realizing that you might actually have it? Especially as an adult who may not consistently have exhibited symptoms until adulthood, at what point do you decide that what's going on isn't normal? About a year ago I was having similar suspicions about having ADHD and mentioned it to my mother, who criticized it as, like I mentioned before, just looking for an excuse. Not that she's unhelpful! I've had depression in the past and while she was a bit critical of that as well (despite having had it herself at one point) she still got me the help I needed. Right now, when I go through all those online "Do you have ADHD???" checklists, I'm never quite sure whether I'm just convincing myself that these things are true (like when people send those emails telling you "I bet you can't say the letter 'p' without separating your lips" and you subconsciously have to do it) and looking for a way out of a different issue by categorizing it however I can, or if they really are true. How do you know you aren't lying to yourself, one way or the other? I would rather not have ADHD, and I'm sure most people on here would agree; but if I do, going on pretending that I don't and letting my grades and social life drop off isn't the best answer.   TL;DR : I know the rules say not to ask whether or not to get tested. I'm not asking that. I want to know, for people who didn't exhibit symptoms as kids but started to as adults, what factor or moment or whatever was the deciding point for you to get evaluated?   Thanks!
