ff598a1ce0498571ec15dd3903be22e110522e9ab5e33021a918b2efa54b2214;;;[Warning: Long] How ADHD ruined my life - my story of growing up undiagnosed;;;I've been thinking about making this post for days. It's long and depressing, but I really hope I can help someone else by telling it. I've spent the last year thinking about my past and how it was to grow up undiagnosed, and how painful it is being a girl who is told they are lazy and bad. I finally got diagnosed last year at 24, and although it's not as late as some of you, significant damage has been done to my self esteem. I really just want to write this out so that if people saw these symptoms in other people they know, they wouldn’t just give up on them and might give them a second chance.  Ever since I was 7 years old (I couldn’t find any reports older than that) my school teachers commented on how I was always forgetting things. My report card also always said “has trouble remembering to do homework”, “has trouble with being on time” and “has trouble with organization”. I talked to my parents about this recently and they gave me a couple of different answers. My dad said he thought it was just a phase that I would grow out of, and didn’t think it was a serious problem. My mum thought I had some kind of dyslexia that affects organization, but didn’t see it as much of an issue because I was still getting decent grades at school and had no trouble with writing.  I got to secondary school and admittedly the first year went quite well even though I sometimes forgot to do my homework or bring the right things. I remember one assignment where I worked really hard and spent so much time making a great poster, but the poster was about the wrong topic entirely and so I got a lower grade.  Then my auntie died of cancer and my parents were going through a separation within the same year or so. My parents became less supportive as they spent more time thinking about their imminent divorce and I became even more prone to losing things as I spent alternate weeks at different houses. I started getting in trouble more at school because I was always losing things. I didn’t do my homework and was often accused of using my parent’s divorce as an excuse for being lazy. I started to dread the humiliation of being called out for forgetting my homework yet again. Teachers grew to dislike and distrust me, and I ended up getting picked on by some of the meaner teachers and was given horrible reports. I started skipping school often, either faking sick or just running away from the campus. I would often hide in the school bathrooms for hours just to avoid teachers I didn’t like.  Eventually it got so bad that I missed too much school and was told I’d have to repeat a grade. I was starting to self-harm and would get drunk off my parent’s alcohol stash often and started smoking. I was 14 years old. During this time my parents got back together and thought that it would solve all of my problems. My dad decided to move me to another school where he worked so he could keep an eye on me. Everyone thought I was just acting out because of their breakup. I couldn’t explain why I didn’t do my homework and I didn’t understand why I wasn’t able to just do what I was supposed to. I knew I was intelligent and I knew I was capable but the work never got done. If I could only just apply myself more! Why couldn’t I just apply myself? Try harder - stop being so god damn lazy!  So I started at another school and things just got worse. The teachers liked me a little more as they were often friends with my dad, but the expectations were higher and it felt like a much more personal failure when I couldn’t get my homework done as I was letting my dad down. The other students in my year thought I was a trouble maker and I found it hard to make friends. One time my class was meant to pitch in together for a cake for our teacher and I once again forgot to bring in my share of the money. My classmate just sighed and said “you NEVER have any money, do you?”.  Eventually I got back into my ways of skipping school and just gave up. My parents lost patience with me and I barely spoke to them, and I was getting numerous detentions and in-school suspensions for skipping classes and forgetting homework. I dropped out of high school a year early and moved in with an aunt and uncle who lived in another country.  I went to a finishing school to study art and design to make up for the last year of high school. Being away from my parents and being in a totally new environment made a big difference. I started feeling better about myself but still struggled with handing in my homework. The teachers really tried with me and gave me better grades than I deserved because they saw my potential. I remember having a chat with one of my teachers about why I hadn’t done my work again. I told him my head just always feels clouded. There’s no sharpness. No bright spark where you know what you need to do. It’s like there’s a big fog and I can’t think through it. He gave me a look and said I might want to talk to a doctor about that, but that’s as far as it went.  The deadline for my final project at finishing school was closing in and I hadn’t done nearly enough work. My two tutors on my final project ended up having a conversation with me that I will never forget. They told me to get all of my work from the past two years and put it out on a table. Next to mine was another person’s collected work. My pile was a lot smaller than theirs. My teachers looked through everything I had done and said I had a lot of talent and I had some great ideas, but the amount I had done and the sloppy condition of my work told them that I just didn’t care. My sketchbook was bare and my designs were often unfinished. Everything either looked rushed or messy. Some of my old art pieces were ripped or folded because they hadn’t been put away properly. In that moment I hated myself so deeply because I actually cared so much. I had been so happy and had been working hard. I really believed that I was doing well. But looking at the small pile of messy unfinished work made me realize that I just wasn’t doing enough.  Luckily my tutors gave me a good grade in the end, but I didn’t feel as though I truly earned it (and deep down I know I could have done better). But I got into university, which is what really mattered, and was resolved to do better this time and REALLY try. I dropped out after the first year. After such consistent failure I was starting to research what was wrong with me on the internet. Was it depression from my parent’s brief separation and my auntie’s death? Was I just not trying hard enough, and my problems a product of bad circumstance? At first I didn’t believe it could be ADHD – half of the diagnosis fitted perfectly, but the other half wasn’t there at all. No hyperactivity, not too bad at paying attention at school, not so easy to distract (especially when playing video games). Perhaps it was depression - but I felt fine and happy as a child, and fine and happy when I was at finishing school and the problems were still there. Maybe I WAS just lazy after all – I had managed to do lots of work when it was a project that really interested me, and I had such a chip on my shoulder that it was probably just bad attitude.  I started working at a kindergarten as an assistant which went really well. I was often asked to be creative or spend time playing with the children and rarely had to do anything that required planning in advance. My boss was really impressed with my work and asked me if I could move up to teaching playgroup the next year. Suddenly everything went back to the old ways – I was late handing in work, everything was either lost or damaged and I was unable to stay organized past a week. I started feeling really depressed. How come I just couldn’t do it? I started to get a reputation again of being lazy, careless and forgetful. I felt so awful about myself that after a year and a half I was ready to kill myself. I told my boss and she took me to see a psychiatrist who said I probably just had depression and bad parenting. I was just stressed out. People were telling me again that I didn’t seem to care about my work, but inside I cared so deeply. I wanted to do better. I didn’t want to be rushing to do my planning or forgetting to send home important notices. Somehow I still wasn’t good enough.  I finally went to see another therapist who gave me my adhd diagnosis. I was given Ritalin and Wellbutrin, and finished my last school year before quitting my job. I won’t laud the benefits of medication here because honestly it’s too little too late. Medication works, I get benefits from taking it, but the past 15 years of my life were ruined from being overlooked. Maybe if I was a boy I would have been treated differently. Maybe someone would have noticed my symptoms which seem so obvious to me in hindsight. My symptoms didn’t really start to show until I was 7 years old, and even then it wasn’t causing me significant problems until my teens.  Right now my family still doesn’t believe I have adhd and just think I need to apply myself more, try a little harder. They think I have “computer brain” from spending too much time playing games, and just think I like being lazy and making excuses. I still have a lot of animosity towards them for not seeing what I see, but I am working hard at forgiveness. Perhaps I am writing it all down so I can let go of the past, but it still hurts a lot to think about my old self and how much I suffered.   This ended up being massive - sorry about the length. I'll be amazed if anyone actually reads this on this subreddit! If you made it this far, thank you for listening.
