ff695961c1e9bae19e9cdd2b09f272592edfc189db91c8dca1195eea7bfdb0e8;;;"Don't be ridiculous, you don't have ADHD!";;;Or so says my grandfather.  Backstory: I recently got up the courage to tell my dad I was seeking treatment (ie, meds) for ADHD, because all the coping strategies in the world and self-regulated behavioural conditioning never worked - I seriously tried everything, nothing ever improved. My doctor agreed and gave me a referral. It took me several months to tell my dad this, because the entire family (both sides) are fairly anti-medication.  When I told him, he was shockingly calm about the subject and only requested I speak to his father (who is a medical doctor) about the possible side-effects of medication before starting any. I agreed. Tonight after speaking to my grandfather, he simply laughed it off and told me the very idea is ridiculous and I don't have ADHD. His reasoning? Because my university overall GPA is a 3.85. He even said, "Now if it was something like 1.35, then we can talk."   Only me, my roommate, and a very few select friends know how HARD maintaining a good GPA is for me; it's only doable for now because so far, most of my classes have been gen eds and I'm reasonably intelligent enough to get good marks in spite of NEVER starting a project or homework on time, ALWAYS frantically finishing said projects/HW the night before it's due (and I frequently have to request extensions), and BARELY skidding past finals with As. It's nerve-wracking, yet I'm not able to fix it myself, even if I get my roommate to frigging mother me and stand over me to force me to do work.  I seriously want to scream. I'm tired of my concerns about my own health (and sanity, I feel like I have no control over my own life and relationships) being dismissed because someone bloody knows more than I do. Well it's my body, don't I know more about that?!  We're all meeting over at grandpa's house tomorrow for a pre-New Year's gathering, and grandpa said he'd talk to me (more like AT me) more about it then. Reddit, help me - what do I say to advocate for myself? I don't need his approval, I'm an adult and will ultimately do what I think is best for me, but I don't want to alienate him or dad by acting completely dismissive of his "expert advice".  **TL;DR - I have ADHD, grandpa-the-doctor doesn't agree since my GPA is high, how do I stand my ground without insulting him?**
