ffe2c9afd68f9b2593097edd9b0667af67dbf91bbfac703689791714fbecd30f;;;No meds yet....feeling down...and venting;;;Had my last assessment appointment yesterday.  Doctor says that I definitely have ADHD.    However there is just one more appointment before I can get meds.  Have to have a physical check-up to make sure its safe to do so.    Of course I am all for this.  I do have a bit of high blood pressure and I do want to make sure its safe to be on stimulants for sure.    So I go to make the appointment, figuring it will be next week....but its actually more than a month from now.  Doctor is away for vacation it sounds like or just fully booked.    I felt like crying.  I'm just so down.  I'm on vacation right now from work for the next month, I can BARELY function when I'm not working.   When I am working life is so bad that I'm incredibly suicidal every day.    I so badly wanted to use my month off to start medication and to try and pull together so much stuff that I just can't do.  I thought how it would be easier without having to work.  I've already been off for a while and without meds been trying to pull stuff together...trying my fucking hardest actually....and its just....not even close to good enough.  So now I'm sad.  My hopes for doing that while not working are gone.  Its always a struggle.  This whole thing for me has been a fight from the beginning, its been since November and I had to fight everyone (except this one Dr.) to get help for what I knew was ADHD.  Then another month of diagnosis....and now this.    I'm tired of fighting.  I'm just fucking sick of it at this point.  I will keep going, trying to pull life together...and I'm sure I will keep falling down...but I have no other choice but to keep going.    At least my Dr. is awesome, he is willing to treat the ADHD "first," if its what I want.  I don't believe I'm going to bother treating the depression or anxiety at all to be honest.  My depression has gotten to the point where if I was functional I'd be content.  I don't care that I have anxiety.  Everything else in life is so much worse....who even fucking cares.   Oh and then theres the fact that there is a possiblity that I can't even go on stimulants....becuase of high blood pressure....which could probably be solved if I could just get myself to exercise even fucking twice a week and eat better....but of course I can barely brush my fucking teeth.    Sure I'm depressed as fuck...but when EVERYTHING is a constant struggle and you can't even think straight because thoughts wont stop and its gone on since as far back as you can remember then OF COURSE you will be depressed.  Its fuckign exhausting and all for nothing.    I love my Dr. and I know he will help me.  I'm grateful to even have the diagnosis at this point.  I'm grateful to be working with someone who is so willing to work with me and what I want too.  I'm grateful that my Dr. is truly brilliant (he is very very intelligent) and I believe geniunely wants to see me and others do well.    There is a lot of good.  And a month isn't that long when I consider how many YEARS I wasted on trying to fix my problems not even knowing about ADHD.  But I'm still sad.  I'm still tired.  I want to be able to do things without struggling so damn much.  And of course I don't even know that stimulants will help.  I know they won't do it all for me....but I just need fuckigns omething to HELP.    And life just won't stop.  Things just keep happening that need to be dealt with and I can't do it.  I can't even take care of myself and all my energy goes towards trying to do so.  Trying to just do the bare minimum...and if I can do that, I have to be proud of myself because its still a huge improvement.    Sometimes I think its not even worth it.    Whatever....back to making my stupid cue card task list thing I've come up with in hopes of making tasks more straight forward.  Just so sick of trying so hard with very little end reward.    TL;DR  Finally got ADHD diagnosis.  No meds until next appointment which is now just over a month away.  Am off work until that appointment day and am sad because I was hoping to get meds and try to pull things together while being off work.  :(  Tired of everything being a struggle in some way.
