008e275b1f8bd9f0042a0e17bf6e6c5ffd5b2e080572f1ac15ca8c8f26044f4c;;;This is how people with ADHD can work twice as long, work 3x faster, complete more than 5x the amount of tasks, see over 1000% more detail...and still feel like crap for not getting anything done.;;;Here’s an example I use to explain to others what happens when I’m tasked with something. Over the years “task” has meant: homework, housework, work assignments, group tasks, personal hobbies, fill in the blank...    ##Situation #1:  *Say you ask someone (neurotypical) to do “Task A”, you need it done in 3 hours.*  They look at it and see about 10 steps needed complete it. They work for 2 hours and get 9 of those 10 done. “Good enough”, they think. In their mind, they’re ending with a mental todo list 90% finished. They go relax for an hour.  If they got a grade? A-. They walk away feeling good having finished a task and doing it pretty well.  ###*So: 9 out of 10 tasks in 2 hours. That’s roughly one task every 15 mins to get 90% done and an hour to relax. Internal score: A-*   ##Now, Situation #2:  *You ask me (ADHD, 2e) to do “Task A”:*  I look and see 100 possible details. I catch a vision of what “Task A” could be, and am extremely excited by it. I see how “Task A” fits into other Tasks (B, C, D, E, F), and how it makes them easier for other people. “Task A” if done right, can support itself, help the people who need to do it after me and potentially generate enough resources to create new Tasks (W!?, X!?, Y!?...dare I say, even Z!?) Man, if I can get this done “Task A” will be incredible. This feeling...it’s electric.   At first glance I can see at least 9 details related to, and needing accounted for, each of the original 10 steps. I’m unfamiliar with a couple of the details, so I’ll need to do some research to resolve my questions. What’s more, there are irrelevant details buried in the pile, but I don’t know which ones yet, so I’ll need to be actively sifting those out while I work.  For the next 4 hours I work on it like crazy, riding the wave of my excitement. Guided by the image in my head, I’m working hard to get it done. But, because of distractibility, I get sidetracked other random tasks.  Add to that I’ve come up with 10-20 more unforeseen and potentially irrelevant details. It’s okay though, I’m getting momentum and really starting to weave the threads together.   My focus is having holes poked in it because people keep interrupting me. It’s not malicious, they are just being friendly by saying “Hi”, or trying to get me to smile because I look so intense. They don’t know how hard I’m holding my focus together, and that every distraction is like a wind gust against my attentional house of cards. There’s been some unravelling, but I try to shake off my anger and get back to reweaving them quickly.   I‘ve been working at a pace of about one task every 5 mins. I look up and realize its been 4 hours, “crap!” I’m an hour over. I take stock of where I’m at. I have crossed 48 tasks off my mental todo list of (now) 120, but am only about 40% finished. That’s a big mental “F” (in more ways than one).  ###*So: 48 of 120 tasks in 4 hours. One task every 5 minutes and only 40% done. Score: F*  **This is how people with ADHD can work twice as long, work 3x faster, complete more than 5x the amount of tasks, see over 1000% more detail...and still feel like crap for not getting anything done.**  Okay...I try to take stock of where I am. At the pace I was going, it will take me 10 hours to finish. The break has made me realize I haven’t eaten. I’m starting to feel bad. I’m mentally exhausted and my brain is fried. I’m way over my deadline and it was needed an hour ago. At this stage its not even finished enough to be usable.   This isn’t the first time this has happened, far from it, so now I’m also feeling defeated. I also feel demotivated because I don’t actually know how much longer its going to take me to finish, so I engage in procrastination as a stress relief tool.   Now I’m working much slower, because experiencing this pattern is what kickstarts a depression. “This always happens...” I look at what I still need to do. It’s likely going to take me a possible 50+ hours to work through the remaining 72 tasks I FEEL need to get done. The end of the task stretches away toward the horizon, like a long, vast road. *”Man, this sucks...”*. Every minute I continue is a slog that drags me down further. But it has to get done...  I stay up all night working on it. The silence and lack of interruption helps, but it’s still slow.  ...In the morning come the text messages.  People asking me questions about the task. Some innocuous, *“Hey, just checking on the status of “Task A”?”*, some not, *“Hey we NEED “Task A” to be done as soon as possible, we have people waiting on it. When will you be done?”* I feel shame.  An immediate dread that feels like daggers. Stress. Cortisol and adrenaline coursing through my body like a weird familiar fire. And then, an immediate dive into a full depression.   I feel they are justified in their frustration. I’m frustrated with me too.   *“Why does this always happen?”*     *“Why can’t I just get things done?”*     *“Why is this so hard for me when it’s so easy for other people?”*     *“Why can’t I just think more simply?”*      And then to add to the heartbreak, *“Man, this could be so useful, and so great...if I could just get it done.”*  “...”  *“...I suck.”*     *“...I hate this feeling.”*     *“...I wish I wasn’t such a failure.”*       It’s a strange thing we have. It’s the source of my creativity and wonder. And also the source of my darkest times. That feeling fades, and some things get better. But this pattern seems to be close at all times.  I feel like I’m always trying to defend why “creative” people seem to struggle getting things done. While it’s exacerbated by ADHD, it is also a problem with creative types. While they are commonly judged as flaky or undisciplined, I really think it has to do with the challenge of having more dots to connect than the average person. And then having to deal with the mental repetitive stress injuries that come from weathering other’s lack of understanding. Which then only reflexes back onto the problem like a serpent that is eating its own tail.
