12a51093225a80e8d26139d9e5b798b7e610ee7b92142c7e34e770bc0593b0dd;;;40 minutes after first dose of Adderall and I sobbed;;;I was recently diagnosed with ADD/ADHD as a 27-yo female. I've experienced symptoms for my entire life, but always wrote them off as consequences of my weird, frenetic personality/ a lack of discipline. I'm pretty high-functioning and managed to build fail-safe systems all around me to reduce or contain my own failures. Happy to discuss that more if it'd help anyone.  I recently saw a doctor for chronic fatigue. I guessed it could be due to underlying anxiety, and shared that I couldn't focus at work/ follow what people are saying when their mouths are moving/ approach long-game tasks, etc. She surprised my by asking if I might have ADD/ADHD. Desperate to feel less exhausted, I told her I was willing to test any new solutions she came up with. She prescribed 5 mg/day of Adderall to start. I knew it was a stimulant and was so afraid it'd make me feel even more overwhelmed, as coffee often does.  40 minutes in to my first dose, and I felt. so. at peace. I didn't feel wired or energized; I almost felt sleepy. But alert-enough and content. There was no magical superpower propelling me through my work, but I proceeded with a calm confidence that everything would be okay. I reflected on this, and how different that new feeling was from the exhaustion I've known for forever, and was overcome by tears.  I know medication isn't for everyone, but this experience told me the following: it's not your fault. You're doing your best. It will get better. You're not alone.  I posted from a throwaway account, but I wanted to thank everyone who contributes on this forum, which supported me in the past few months as I made the decision to try medication. You are generous people making a difference in the lives of strangers you've never met <3  EDIT: Some important points were raised in the comments re: dangers of medicating. There are numerous short-term and (perhaps even scarier) long-term side effects to consider. I think addictive personalities with unconfirmed AD(H)D diagnoses should especially beware. Anyone interested in medicating should do so in consultation with a medical professional. Not an anonymous redditor. And that includes me! This post reflects my experience only, which could be very different from yours. Thanks to everyone who weighed in.
