19912170398a0d16f98ade4db1d53328421a98ac7081021fcdd7048389fd85e1;;;Trying to explain ADHD to someone that doesn't have it is impossible.;;;Every struggle that we have can be a shared experience to almost anyone that doesn't have the disorder. Short term memory, procrastination, forgetfullness, impulsivity, distractability, racing thoughts, brain fog, RSD, insomnia, mental fatigue, zoning out, anxiety, guilt, shame, rambling, time blindness, interrupting, low self-esteem, depression, starting but not finishing, to name a few.  The problem is trying to explain to people that our intentions do not match these struggles. I didn't intend on waiting until the last minute to start a task. I didn't intend on being late. I didn't intend on misplacing my keys. I didn't intend on forgetting about the meeting today. I didn't intend to spend an hour making a sandwich. I didn't intend on not responding to your text for 3 monthd.  It literally haunts our *every* action and thought. We believe ourselves to be broken individuals because of the confliction between how our mind operates vs how the world around us operates.  Our disorder is downplayed because of the frequency of our struggles in *other people's* lives. A one-off moment in your life is my entire day. "I misplaced my keys and showed up 15 mins late this morning, must have been an A-D-D moment" is just like saying "my leg fell asleep today for 10 mins, must have been a paraplegic moment."   **It is incredibly insulting to mock a serious disorder because the symptoms are universal.**  Don't feel bad because others are ignorant and choose to be so. You are so much more than your disorder. You are a fish that is expected to climb a tree. Fuck that, swim your ass off. Be exactly who you are, everyone else is taken. You aren't broken, others are incredibly insensitive. Zone out the haters and doubters.  Do yourself a favor. Surround yourself with people that accept you for who you are, not for who they expect you to be. You are so awesome for making it this far in a world not made for you. You are stronger than you have ever been told. Learn to love, laugh at, and forgive yourself. You have what it takes. You can do this. I believe in you.  Thanks for reading this. Have a shameless day, friend!
19912170398a0d16f98ade4db1d53328421a98ac7081021fcdd7048389fd85e1;;;Everyone, repeat after me: "Forgetting is not the same thing as not caring enough to remember";;;We forget things that we genuinely care about. Hell, we forget about things that we *ourselves* are interested in. There's no controlling who it happens to or what it's about. If it can be remembered, it can also be forgotten. Meds don't give us perfect memory.  Don't shame yourself for forgetting, it happens (a lot). Do the best that you can to resolve the problem and make the best of it.  Edit 1: Holy shit this blew up. I'm glad I was a source of much needed validation of your experiences and reality, guys.  Also, just a fun note, this post was inspired by the constant misunderstanding that neurotypical people seem to have about us when it comes to remembering. They don't realize that our brains just *refuse* to recall information, regardless of the time span between receiving it and trying to recall it.  My wife was unfortunately one of these people until I just showed her this post and the comments. You guys helped my wife understand what's really going on. She said she won't ever get mad at me for forgetting and to remind her of this post when she does. Thank you guys for that!  Thanks for the silver, you know who you are ;)
