1ece28e9f4b8aa0548d4639cc6800542131a35de9b89794d6abea71410e2e8d8;;;Years of living with ADHD was training for this moment!;;;My wife lost her VERY expensive retainer last night. She left it on the kitchen bench among a pile of toys, rubbish, groceries, and other junk. This morning, it was still missing.  She never loses anything and had no idea what to do.  Luckily, I have lost wallets, phones, keys, medications, books and anything else you can imagine. I'd been preparing my whole life for this moment.  "Right, don't put any rubbish in the bin outside or take anything out of the house."  "It isn't in the rubbish bin..."  "Doesn't matter. A few hours from now, you're going to start to doubt yourself. If we contain the spaces it could be NOW, we won't have to worry later."  She checked the bin and it wasn't there. So we started searching.  After we'd searched all the places a normie would look, we went deep dive. Under the fridge, in pot plants, under the bed, between books, in the fridge, in drawers we haven't opened in weeks, in rooms we hadn't been in.  Every time she protested that I was being illogical I said "It doesn't matter if it doesn't make sense. We can't trust your memory. Remember when my iphone was on the roof of the car for two days? It could be anywhere."  Tonight, she went to take out the bin after checking most of it again.  "What are you doing?"  "Putting out the rubbish. I know it isn't in there."  "Check again."  She took out 80% of the rubbish again.  "It can't be at the very bottom, that's from days ago.  "Doesn't matter."  And there it was!  A lifetime of doubting myself paid off!  TL;DR - My knack for losing things helped my wife find her retainer.     &#x200B;
1ece28e9f4b8aa0548d4639cc6800542131a35de9b89794d6abea71410e2e8d8;;;What happens when Dad and Daughter BOTH have ADHD.;;;My 7-year-old daughter, who is awaiting diagnosis, tries her hardest but struggles to focus and remember what she needs to do. She's a lot like me.  As we were leaving for school, we went through her schoolbag checklist.  "Homework?"  "Yep."  "Lunch?"  "Got it"  "Piano Books?"  "Oh, I forgot, they're in my room!"  Her piano books are a big issue. She has lessons at school once a week and often forgets them.  We get to school and I drop her off only to realise that I have lost my wallet. Crap. I've left it at my friend on the other side of town's house. So I head over to his house. Soon as I arrive, I get a call from school.  "Your daughter has forgot her lunch."  HOW?!?! It was in her bag. I saw it!  Oh well, I chat with my friend for a couple of minutes and then head back to pick up her lunchbox and...the phone rings. It's the school wondering where I am. IT'S ALMOST LUNCHTIME! I wasted the whole morning with my friend! I grab the lunchbox (it was under a pile of books) and head to the school.  She gets her lunch ten minutes late and every is fine.  I've just walked in the door and sitting in front of me on the kitchen table is the "pile of books" her lunch was under.  It's her piano books.  I need a drink.  **I'm making this a success because we solved the problem (mostly) and didn't panic. We've got each others backs and that's a win in my (piano) book.**  Edit: To clarify to those suggesting we have a checklist at the door, this WAS the checklist. She sat there with her bag, looked in and SAW the items she needed. Somehow, the book and the lunchbox got out of her bag.
