2a1341cdf216e401b8659683097847e86da4d87f42e761baa9614f02ad9e93fc;;;I broke down crying yesterday because I realized an hour had passed since I meant to leave to go to the store. I'm really jealous of people who can just go do things.;;;I made tacos, and realized we had no cheese. My husband would normally go, but he wanted to work so I was going instead. I asked my school-age sister (I'm her guardian) to come with me to the store, cause she's barely left her bed this week since it's Feb break for her. She whined about leaving her game with her friends until I realized the irritation wasn't worth it for me in that moment.  I asked my husband to have a conversation with her after I left about how she needs to not prioritize playing games over household duties. I'm a gamer too, I get you can't pause everything, but I offered to wait 15 minutes. She's just running around with her friends on Roblox, she'll do that until bedtime after we get back anyway. He, well-intentioned, immediately went to tell her to come see him after she got a break in her game.  I went in and out of brain fog for a while trying to figure out what was missing in the fridge, since we hasn't cooked in a couple of days and there were no leftovers so it looked like there was a huge amount of empty space. Then I talked to my husband about what he was going to say to my sister, since I wanted him to be clear that her playing games with her friends for most of the day is not a problem, she just needs to be able to drop it when needed. She likely also has ADHD. I don't want to shame her for literally what I do sometimes (play video games all day), I just want to teach her a life skill.  Of course, after this conversation finishes time magically passes (I have no idea what happened) and suddenly it's been 25 minutes and my sister comes out of her room. She thinks she's coming with me. I say oh, that wasn't the plan, but yeah grab your coat. She, confused and frustrated, is like wait, is that not why I was being called out? I was going to spare her the lecture since she came out on her own, so I had already told her that wasn't what it was about. She, realizing that she was not being forced to leave, slowly inched back to her room. She says something along the lines of "oh, I don't want to make you upset though, so call me out to get groceries!" And I'm like... no. I'm asking you to come with me. I have 3 times. You already left your game, and still refuse. I'd rather forget you're there than accept half help.  She goes and plays her game, I, frustrated, look around the kitchen more and realize its been 45 minutes. I had decided that rather than just go get cheese for dinner, I needed to take my sister and get all the groceries. I go "well, okay, fuck this, no one wants dinner anyway" and angrily flop on my bed. I bash my head a few times (bad I know), kick around, and eventually just start crying. My husband comes to see whats up, and I'm like...  @husband: I know I unfairly load you with a lot of daily tasks. Laundry. Groceries. Dishes. Lots of stuff. But it's because I ask you to do something and you just **do** it. And you're done in half an hour or less. I could have been back from the store 20 minutes ago. It's so unfair that every time I try to do something simple, I end up trying to do 5 other things. And it's not even distractions in this case. Even now I think it makes more sense to go get all the groceries. I think my sister needs to get out of the house. I think correcting her being so tunnel-visioned without being yanked out of it and pouting the whole time is important. I still, while sitting here breaking down, can't just prioritize getting the fucking cheese. I'm realizing I needed someone to go with me just so I had a bit more accountability and I didn't get distracted in the kitchen or zone out driving or grab 10 unrelated things in the store. And I was just angry about it. While I was crying I was angry it happened, angry I was wasting time crying over it, angry that I was hungry, angry that I was distracting my husband from work. Just angry.  It sucks because I feel like I can just go do it. My leg isn't broken, I'm not dizzy, I wasn't anxious prior to breaking down, it doesn't *feel* like there's anything preventing me from leaving. It's just repeated choices I'm making. And yet it happens over and over and over again even as I chastise myself for it.  I took a solid hour to properly calm down (it was like a release valve got hit, I would calm down for a minute then get angry and cry again). After that all 3 of us went to the store. Dinner was cold. I still grabbed random things (I HAVE FRESH MOZZARELLA FOR HOMEMADE PIZZAAAA!) But I felt better. I'm lucky I have support. But god ADHD sucks.  I'm trying to be nicer to myself. I'm not angry I've not gotten a lot of things done this week that I meant to. I just felt so powerless.
