2ac34450291d1bb6c7bfe08089cb812cda51c4235f4be159227e2266eabf5604;;;30, no degree, officially diagnosed as Inattentive/Hyperactive. The most income I made before 2020 was around $60,000.00. In 2020, my total gross income was $104,000.00, more than what my husband and I made COMBINED in 2019.;;;At 21, I started at the current company I work for as a temp receptionist. Luckily, I was hired on as a full-time employee. Before then, I was hopping jobs and couldn't keep a steady income due to my issues with undiagnosed ADHD.   At 23, I was promoted to loan processor. I sat there at my desk so many hours wondering why I could not complete the tasks that needed to be completed and I was so worried I was broken. I thought I was going to lose my job. I felt inadequate and like a total failure.  Luckily, a co-worker who sat across from me (who also has the same type of ADHD as I do) saw that I was struggling. She suspected that I had ADHD and suggested for me to see a doctor about it. Best life-changing decision I've ever made.  All this time I thought something was wrong with me. I thought I was broken and stupid.  This November will mark 10 years since I was hired there. I am currently a Sr. Loan Processor and one of the top performers at my branch and I love my job. With no degree, I have a fulfilling career and I am able to provide for my family.  I will always be forever grateful to that co-worker. She really changed my life and I'd probably still be job-hopping right now with no career path or any sort of direction if it weren't for her. I had always joked about being ADHD (I know, terrible) but never looked into it seriously and I had never thought to be checked by a doctor until we crossed paths, and I'm so glad I did.   In hindsight, it explains a lot of my failures and struggles and it is painful to think about what could have been. Maybe I would've finished school with a degree? Maybe my husband and I wouldn't have had to struggle all those years. But I try to keep moving forward. No point in thinking of what could've been! Oh, and my husband also has ADHD but only Inattentive. He's been through the same struggles as I have due to his undiagnosed ADHD at that time.  He is considering going back to school full-time because of the guaranteed income I have and I am so, so grateful. And he's going to kill it because he's now officially diagnosed and medicated. Sorry for the long post!!! I'm riding high right now haha.  ***Edit: I apologize if this came across as a show-off post. I posted this in hopes of helping inspire people who are on the fence about getting officially diagnosed and treated. Nobody should have to go through the hell we went through. If I can save someone the years of failure and heartbreak, that is what matters.***
