2acbd83f6ac5d0007959cc77d6265b3469b2f788f0c825c3ddf3c69e0aba1d0b;;;I feel like i was programmed to fail at life, i have never talked about this with anyone and seriously need to air some of it out. On the brink of suicide.;;;I’m 24 with no accomplishments in life and with horrible social anxiety, i’m a closeted gay in a strictly islamic family and to top it off i probably also have ADD which explains the 0 progression. If there is a god, he sent me to this earth to be miserable.   Starting off with my teenage years, i always had horrible grades, i was always pushed aside during group projects on high school and college cause i could never do anything. Everyone saw me as the stupid student. And i’ve always felt that way.    When friends asked how my grades were i would lie and say i’d get B’s minimum. Lies, cause all my friends got amazing grades, i didn’t want to feel excluded. My brain never took in any of the information given during class. I would blindly stare at the board the teacher was writing on as to not pull any unwanted attention, but i never got any of the information.    I failed most courses and got E or D’s on the ones that i passed, not because i was stupid but because i never arrived to class on time despite the countless warnings and never handed in any of my assignments on time. I would work on them past deadline and finish them as fast as possible resulting in E’s.    Where i live, if you’re present in school enough, you get paid. I didn’t get paid once cause i was one hour late, EVERYDAY. None of it was ever intentional, i said i would better myself everyday. Never happened.    Teachers understood that there was something wrong with me during high school and sent me away to try to pinpoint the problem. They were testing me for dyslexia, showing me pictures of animals, objects, colours and told me to name them. My mom was absolutely livid cause they were testing her son for abnormalities, she fought everyone there. I remember it clear as day. I had special teachers, and students were making fun of me cause i had special needs and didn’t go to the ”normal people” teachers.   At the end of college, all the students would make gifts for eachother. Writing on paper plates what each student would be remembered for. My famous catchphrase the students had written on my paper plate, ”I’m sorry the bus was late!” They thought it was funny. I didn’t. I laughed at the time though.    I’ve always known what ADHD was but had never read about it in indepth until recently.    I can relate in every single aspect, i actually flailed in excitement cause for once i actually felt like i belonged somewhere. I felt like i finally had an explanation to being late everyday, never handing in anything on time and the hours of procrastination and disability to sit still. There might be medications for me that may help me better my life.    I also read about hyperfocus, which reminded me of the times i actually did well. But that was only when the topic at hand was something i found interesting. Students were assigned to present to class a subject they were passionate about, which was astronomy in my case. I got an A, for the first time. My teacher was praising me for months about it, it surely felt good and was the only bright moment i had during all my school years. I’ll never forget it.    I told my sister and mother about my situation and what i had read expecting some sort of understanding. Boy, was i wrong, my sister had a mental breakdown crying and throwing herself here and there INFRONT of her children as if i had showed her that i had been diagnosed with cancer. My mom went into a fit of rage screaming at me, her son can’t not be perfect. Her son can’t be abnormal. I, completely dissapointed swiped it under the rug and tried to forget what i had read. This happened six months ago and am today in this situation. I feel like this is the end of the line for me.    I have hopes and dreams but at this point it looks like i will never achieve them cause i never make any form of progression. I weren’t able to apply to good schools cause of my shitty grades and now unable to apply to university cause of the same reason.    All of this inferior treatment i got through out the years has made me develop heavy social anxiety and made me believe that i am simply not good enough.    If my parents found out i was gay, they would throw me out without a second thought and that would be the end of me. I try to stay on their good side cause i have nowhere to go. I can’t move out cause i don’t have a job, i’m pathetic.    They pressure me to find a job every other day and i try my hardest but simply end up looking weak and pathetic, i tried applying for a job earlier this month and completely humiliated myself. The interviewer asked me to tell her about myself and i froze up and couldn’t say anything. I couldn’t answer a simple question.    My family constantly compares me to other people my age and what they have accomplished while i have done nothing.    I know how long this was and i sincerely apologize for taking your time. If you read all the way down here, thank you very much.   EDIT: Thank you so much for all the support and beautiful comments, you have no idea how much it means to me. It’s comforting to know that i’m not in this alone.
