31b6b741846b9e464665574b4d99660b134955489a53c0e902b85e4d1fa529c4;;;Since starting vyvanse I have brushed my teeth twice a day for the past week.;;;Well before quarentine this was a struggle but it had become MUCH worse. These little pills help me accomplish the small things that make me feel alive and happy.  Edit: THANK YOU SO much for all of the replies! The support in this community is so heartwarming and I am so thankful to have found this subreddit. I have tried to reply to everyone and will continue to do so!! To answer some questions:  - I currently take 20mg of Vyvanse but will have to increase and most likely get a booster  - I also take 30 mg Lexapro and 7.5mg Remeron - I live in Canada  - I am 20 F  - I just got diagnosed a week ago  Edit 2: Okay so, I just want to clarify that not everyone experiences ADHD the same way. I am still learning this as I often find myself second guessing my diagnosis if I don't relate to absolutely everyone. We are all different, and experiance the world differently and our ADHD differently. Some may struggle with hygine upkeep, while others may have no problems. This may or may not correlate with other mental health issues that come along with ADHD, but forgetting to brush your teeth and keep up with hygine is at least slightly caused by ADHD in my case. Others with only depression may experience the same thing, but for different reasons. Stay humble and support others for their progress, don't shut them down. Thanks !  Edit 3: TLDR: Vyvanse makes me happy and productive at times but makes me feel very nauseous and causes mood swings.  A bit off topic BUT, I have now been sent home from work due to feeling sick for the 3rd time starting Vyvanse. It is also cauing really intense moodswings by the time it starts to ware off (I take at 7am and stops working by 2pm). Is this possibly because of the other pills I'm taking? Or is it the vyvanse? I love how happy, productive and excited it can make me feel but I can't be leaving work all the time from nausea...  its so uncomfortable and then makes me anxiety even worse. Anyone esle have a similar experience?
