50b7cb4d5bf5ef72564e696992104ab7198675f40911f597bdc40d8adc73cb84;;;"ADHD makes things harder but it isnt a free pass.";;;This is something I see a lot on this sub and ADHD youtube and its always frustrating to hear.    "Oh, we recognize your brain has a chronic shortage of dopamine  and nothing can ever cure it. We also recognize that dopamine is the motivation chemical and that if you dont have enough of it you are truly unable to do lots of things."  "But just because something is impossible doesn't mean you get a pass on doing it!"  Am I just interpreting this wrong? There are days where I truly cannot do something no matter what happens. All the good habits and McGyvering in the world arent enough sometimes.   Does anyone with ADHD really just shit on everyone and use it as an excuse? If people are on a subreddit for support for this kind of thing, why do people feel like saying that helps anything?   It seems like theres a large emphasis on this kind of messaging and it always feels minimizing. Why? People with ADHD can be happy, successful, and brilliant, but for some or all of us, it really is excruciating. Just because we can put ourselves through 50x the stress to do something doesnt mean its then a choice. People have emotional limits, even if they can force themselves to do something physically, that doesn't mean it wont break them mentally. Its like someone who has a lame leg. They could run a short distance somewhat fast, but they'll snap fragile ligaments and be worse off then.   Why does it always feel like ADHD is a broken leg and everyone always says, "I understand your pain, I really do, but thats zero excuse not to still function like it isn't broken!"  Disability is a spectrum. Some people here have less/more impairment than others.  Its great if you feel like you can put the whole, "its not an excuse" on yourself, if thats how it is for you, but its really silly to be commenting on peoples' posts who are here for support.   I try so much harder than anyone I know, yet sometimes I still come up short. Thats because I have a disability. Thats the definition of an excuse.  Edit: I do want to say that this was more of a rant/critique rhetoric within not just our community, but so many others. There are certain things that don't need to be said. Much like the above. If someone is going to use ADHD as an excuse to abuse or neglect people, they certainly aren't going to change their ways due to someone saying, "Oh, make sure you know it's not an excuse."  Make sure to call out bad behavior when you see it, not make imprecise pre-emptive statements prescribing a lack of understanding on the subject of your idea. It's just not helpful and comes across as minimizing sometimes. Even if your intentions were stellar, maybe it's just not that useful of a statement.
