53f4ca637653327ca22db931d3bac6aa3357209bb9a86f0cad6a4e14797a4e3b;;;My physical and emotional response to the thought of doing an unpleasant task are completely inconsistent with reality and logical reasoning, and it means I have to overcome disproportionately large mental barriers to complete normal tasks.;;;One of the worst parts of ADHD for me is that my physical and emotional reaction to the thought of doing a task which I perceive as even remotely unpleasant is way out of sync with reality. Right now I have to add a couple of courses to my university schedule but I've put it off for a couple weeks, now I'm not sure if they are still going to be available. Logically, I know It will take maybe 30 minutes to 1 hour at most to go through my program planning guide and sort everything out, and I would feel content and guilt-free after, but here I am stewing in anxiety and despair, silently struggling for two weeks to overcome this invisible, seemingly insurmountable barrier that my messed up brain made for me. Right now my reality is that doing this task *feels* like it is going to be the worst thing ever, and I have to get through this big emotional trial just to proceed to a relatively easy task.   ADHD people constantly struggle to overcome these incongruently large, sometimes enormous internal barriers caused by our messed up brains just to accomplish basic tasks in order to function as adults in our society. But most of the population don't encounter or understand such incongruous cognitive barriers, they don't understand what it's like to live like this, the extent to which we internally struggle and fight against ourselves every day. Some of them even have the audacity to tell you that you're making it up, that you're just not trying hard enough, that you're weak, that you're lazy. And sometimes we start to think that maybe we are.  But never here. We're here for each other all the time, understanding, helping each other through and pulling each other up. Thank you to every one of you, and thank you for coming to my ted talk.
