6a7d74bb1f533f422032a594a62c15d213748184d1614d7aff8394345b77e1fe;;;Do you ever feel like you are an adult that needs a "babysitter" all the time otherwise if someone isn't there to make you do things, help you do things, you'll never get much done?;;;I (31F) accidentally hired a babysitter for myself for a couple hours a day for the past couple weeks because my husband was looking for someone to come and help with chores. He has OCPD and needs things to be meticulously organized before he can function at his demanding new job. We both work from home since the start of the pandemic so initially I had volunteered to just do the chores and for him to pay me instead. However this arrangement never worked because the entire pandemic I couldn't be consistent with it and just let things go to disarray (of course) before I did anything. If there were 10 things on a list to do daily I'll do 2-3 and feel very productive. So in the end he was doing the rest of the tasks on the chores list (doesn't help I thought they were ridiculous in the first place).  So he went online to find a cleaner to come everyday for an hour or two to help with the chores. I initially protested to this because to me "we didn't need it". So the past couple weeks we have a girl come everyday. Now I protested because I don't like to sit around while someone else is cleaning up after me when I feel like I can do it myself (on my own time and very inconsistently), so I've been just telling her to just assist me with the tasks. So she's been babysitting me for 1-2 hours everyday and I've never been so productive.  House? Sparkling clean. Bed? Made every morning. Groceries? Done and put away in the pantry and fridge immediately. Dishes & utensils? Unloaded from the dishwasher and stowed away into the cupboards. Laundry? Done and folded immediately. Cats? Happy that we are less stressed out and aren't fighting all the time. We've also managed to cut down on food delivery because I now have the energy and enthusiasm to cook.   I always thought that perhaps I didn't do much because I had no motivation, energy, or time. But it turns out I needed someone else (not my husband) to push me the right way to do things on my own and help when I can't. At my job I still struggle because I'm alone and I dictate what I do with my time (eg won't get much done until the last minute) and don't have anyone to work everyday alongside with.  Since hiring the "adultsitter", I have so much more motivation to pursue weird new hobbies (I want to take up bushcraft so I can pretend I'm a hunter gatherer at least for a few hours). I realized being an adult with ADHD in our society can be very lonely, because we are expected to be able to do things on our own, when really humans evolved to be social creatures. If you can afford to get someone to watch you or even just accompany you to errands you absolutely hate/feel anxious about, get that adultsitter! It also satisfies my innate desire to be able to do things "on our own" since I still put in effort to do the tasks. If you've got a friend or accountability buddy who has time to sit around while you do your stuff, get them to sit around and adultsit you!
