6b3ff88c07a6ca609d0b6d0616a0b6f02cbea1393e4d640f63398bae7a3cd31e;;;He stole my adderall on the morning of my MCAT exam and I feel like only y’all will understand how much this F*ed me up;;;My ex-boyfriend had a substance abuse problem that slowly flourished as our relationship simultaneously went downhill. Yes his problem originally began with prescription painkillers like many other Americans, but later developed into him taking any pills he came across. I tried to be supportive as he tried (“tried”) AA, NA, outpatient programs, and I even “waited” for him 3 months while he was in rehab. This situation happened after his first relapse following return from rehab.   A few months ago I had a much worse prescribing GP than I do now and she would only get around to sending me my month fill about once every two months, so these pills were carefully taken, and especially precious during the intensity leading up to my first MCAT (medical college admission test, 7.5 hours long) attempt. The morning of my exam I had set an adderall (what I thought was in secrecy) in the container I keep my earplugs on my side of the bed to take as soon as I woke up.   When I woke up there was no adderall there. I was absolutely 10/10 anxiety ridden and I screamed and cried for him to just tell me he took it so I could stop scraping the floors and searching everywhere, almost late. He SWORE to me, begging and pleading for me to believe him, that he would never take one of my pills on a morning like this. So important. The most important morning for me in our entire relationship. I begged for him to admit it, or give it back to me, and searched the floors, all the way until I absolutely had to leave. No calm coffee time, no morning review, absolute panic-stricken anxiety and anger, nothing else.   Not too long after this I kicked him out of my house and out of my life for good. He’s now living in a halfway house in another city. Since his to toxicity was no longer in my vicinity, I unblocked his number. I asked him if he did steal my medication the morning of my exam. He finally admitted that he did, and that he was sorry.   I can’t tell if his confession relieves me and the insanity I felt, or makes me hate him a million times more. I’m sorry for this lengthy rant, and thanks to anyone who read. I don’t feel like the Narcotics anonymous page or anyone else will understand how frustrating and hopeless I felt other than you guys. To him they were just my upper pills. To the takers, and to much of the world, we are seen as lazy, disorganized, anxious, explosive. Really, I’m just trying my best to keep up. To follow my dreams even if the expectations required are ridiculous for a person like me. That morning he didn’t steal my upper, he stole my calm, my serenity, my focus. He stole my confidence. I have no doubt this affected my score.   After the pandemic, I will take the exam again. I will have my medication and I will not have toxic takers in my bed. Cheers to shitty learning experiences, right?! 🍻 Love you guys, please stay safe.  Edit- Wow, did not expect such an amazing response from you guys! I checked back when this had like 300 upvotes, was like wow, sweet, then surprisingly (not!) forgot about it again! Please forgive me for my lack of responses/late responses, I’m slowly working on reading all your comments. You guys are the best, thank you so much for making me feel validated and heard. ❤️
