7bfa4cccfcffcb1539f1a3b08c129ec60eee923195c664bcb15cc4a3c31da8df;;;Succeeding in class doesn't mean they don't have ADHD;;;Today, I was just reminded of a few incidents at the doctor's office when I was a child. I am just so mad that no one listened to me.     For background: In elementary/middle school, I was considered "talented" and excelled in class. I am now 18f and in college. I only got diagnosed at 17.  &#x200B;  Every year I would have to go to the doctor's office for a physical. At around 11 years of age, we had to fill out a form ourselves about how we were doing in school/medical history/etc. In the section about the school, I checked off how I had trouble focusing and sitting still, along with trouble in school.  After I'm done, I'm called in for my physical with my mom. My doctor then questions me about me having trouble focusing and I explain how I can't sit still, have trouble paying attention, and how school was very taxing to attend. We go over my grades, and they are great and I'm doing fine in school. She is then sort of patronizing to me, explaining how I'm just smart and not being challenged enough in class. I was lucky I wasn't my brother with severe ADHD, etc. She blows by it and doesn't look any deeper, basically saying I was just talented and almost accusing me of looking for attention.  While I knew it wasn't exactly me being bored in class, I listened anyway. Anytime I had trouble focusing, I would just chalk it up to me being lazy or dumb or tired. Anytime I saw one of those "if you've been diagnosed with ADHD you do these things" and while I'd check and see I 100% was like that, I *couldn't* have ADHD. I was fine. I was l just looking for attention and lazy and stupid.    This turned me into thinking ADHD was fake (Wild, I know). I thought everyone had trouble like me, and only the people searching for attention were diagnosed. They were dumb and didn't even have ADHD/barely affected them. ADHD was just a lack of attention. Just, focus! Right? It's that easy.   Years passed and I got diagnosed with anxiety and depression, but still struggled to the point of hospitalization. I thought I was broken. I was just lazy or stupid. I wasn't strong enough and the fact I couldn't sit down was all me. I was supposed to be cured and my grades rose back up- but only slightly. I didn't have ADHD because I could sit down for a whole day without eating or going to the bathroom and read a book. Isn't that super focused?  It took until I was 17 to finally be diagnosed by a psychiatrist- and it was only after a dumb joke I made about still not focusing on studying for the SATs. It felt like everything just came together. I did have ADHD. ADHD wasn't fake, I was the one that had been struggling the whole time. I wasn't broken or crazy. I'm pretty sure I full-on sobbed with relief in my room after.  Yet, I still feel the effects of that doctor's visit. I still have internalized stigma about ADHD and have trouble asking for help. I'm worried that I'm just faking having ADHD or that since I wasn't diagnosed I had a very mild case and shouldn't even need help.   &#x200B;  Doctors need to listen more. If a child, even if they are doing great, thinks something is wrong *it is probably wrong.*  By not listening, you might've set that child up for a lifetime of feeling like they are broken. And just because they were female at birth doesn't mean they couldn't have ADHD too. The symptoms are less outwards, but that doesn't discount their struggles or feelings.    TLDR: Wasn't diagnosed with ADHD but when I brought it up at the doctors they said no because I was gifted. This left me with internalized stigma.   Edit: Thank you for all the love and awards! I've tried to fix some of the spelling errors but I'm bad at rereading and fixing conjugation after I rewrite a sentence. But all of your responses are touching and while I can't respond to them all, I've read them all. :)
