7fa449b26431046bab7f2281d47730f38202d762897ef4ce0cd9ed37c47af587;;;The painful cycle of initially charming people but eventually just disappointing them...;;;1. People are often attracted to your openness and unintentional zaniness at first  2. They quickly get annoyed and confused with your impulsiveness and lack of conscientiousness.   3. They (usually) accept your idiosyncrasies and realise you’re actually smart, interesting and refreshing.   4. Eventually the frustration mounts up and (whilst they may still like you as a person) the relationship slowly but inevitably begins to die.   Sometimes there’s a happy ending but oftentimes there isn’t.  Sound familiar?  Here’s a case study with my manager;   During the interview he acted as though I was a breath of fresh air - I like to think I genuinely am sometimes - my random tangential responses made me appear more relaxed and interesting and he hired me on the spot in fact.  Then over the next few weeks the cracks began to emerge and I’d make frustrating mistakes in processes he had already run my through several times, forget crucial details, leave customers on hold for hours, forget things he told me etc and he began to get annoyed and frustrated.  Then over the next few months when we formed a slightly more personal bond I was able to disclose My ADHD and you know explained the atavistic survival advantages if we were a tribe I would be keeping his ass alive and random other factoids and shit - he became aware that I’m actually the smarter person in the building in a more abstract sense and would run ideas and theories and things past me and even asked me for some personal advice. I excelled at building rapport with people but my lack of attentiveness remained as my crown of thorns.   ... but 6 months or so in the frustrations around my immutable lack of attention to detail and tardiness and the fallout of that has just started becoming intolerable for him, and he basically just told me that he thinks I have lots of positive qualities but the job isn’t really for me ( he’s not wrong) and he doesn’t have time to be mopping up my mess.  So I told him I’m in the process of finding other work (I am and have been for a while) and he expressed that we should still catch up over a drink every now and then. Even though I know part of him means it I know that we never will.   //  This is actually the usual concatenation of unfortunate events with friendships and even romantic relationships too. “I like (or maybe even love) you but I’ve got to let you go for the sake of my own psyche” is sort of the vibe I often get.  Or my lack of clear communication is interpreted as lack of effort and the relationship collapses.  I know I possess all the qualities people have pointed out in me, I know my intentions are pure and I’m trying to try but I can’t help but feel like shit knowing that In most cases I’ll end up disappointing people and it’s not a matter of it but when.   It can make it hard to believe that you’re a truly worthwhile person.  But we must believe it, even if the whole world seems to turn its back on us.   We must recognise our own intrinsic value.   We’re trying to succeed in a society that isn’t built for our success.  We’re trying.    ———————————————————————-  Edit:  Also worth noting that my craving for novel stimulation definitely results in a significant drop in attention and investment at work and in personal relationships - so it’s likely that my effort and performance in these areas does decrease and it’s not just a matter of withering peoples patience and tolerance.  (Losing a job is bad but seeing a personal relationship disintegrate because of this is crushing)   I’m sure most of us can relate to this as well.  ——————————————————————-  Edit 2: I know this post walks the line between self pity, catharsis and self compassion, but it really wasn’t intended to come out as bleak as it did.  So here’s an addendum:  We must be kind to ourselves, but that doesn’t entail wallowing in despair. We can and should strive to improve our areas of deficiency whether that’s through medication, behavioural therapy and modification, mindset shifts, environmental changes etc.  I always tell myself that even if the chances of reaching my elusive “potential” is 1/10000000000, is that not still worth trying for?  Most of all remember that we aren’t bad people regardless of how our actions might be misinterpreted at times. We have a mental disorder. We aren’t deliberately trying to hurt or disappoint anybody. We aren’t useless or inept or braindead or lazy. As long as we are trying we are worthy of living a good life like anybody else.
7fa449b26431046bab7f2281d47730f38202d762897ef4ce0cd9ed37c47af587;;;I feel like we’re attributing too many symptoms and idiosyncrasies to ADHD;;;The title should actually have said “Confusing too many idiosyncrasies as being symptoms of ADHD”  Sure ADHD has an impact on all aspects of ones functioning, but lately I’ve seen too many posts (im guilty too) associating almost any behaviour and observation with the disorder.   “Anyone feel like ADHD causes you to prefer Breaking Bad over the Sopranos because blah blah blah?”,   “Do you guys also find that you actually love the smell of burning hair?”  Or more realistically “Is hating loud noises a symptom of ADHD” and of course the comments all anecdotally agree and then suddenly that becomes a symptom.   I just think we need to take a step back sometimes and understand that we still have underlying personalities, preferences, and idiosyncrasies beneath the ADHD that influence a lot of our thoughts and behaviours.  :)  Edit;  Great to see this inspired some discussion and recognition of this insidious issue.  I know it can be comforting to find mutual symptoms/idiosyncrasies/whatever we’re calling them, but whilst the intentions are good, it can also lead to a very slippery slope as many have identified...  Passively allowing them to become part of ones identity instead of focusing on finding strategies to overcome them.   Don’t be too critical on yourself but conversely don’t settle for less than your potential (and oftentimes we know when we are)
