878bcd2e20aed1437d71b071aef36bca606d967bb13eeb904e78968777241dd7;;;I asked for an accomodation for myself at work today and my neurotypical co-workers thanked me for it.;;;So I was one of four people chosen for a new position at work. It involves three weeks of training on how to use programs we need for our new job, and we're doing it over Microsoft Teams. I have three screens set up; one has the program I'm learning, one has the Teams meeting up so that I can see the screen that's being shared, and one is for notes. There's a test at the end of the 3 weeks.  &#x200B;  Since Monday I've been doing this: Copying that day's objectives into One Note, following along with the instructor on the program, and jotting down some notes whenever the instructor paused because there was a loading screen.   But wait, I just realized the instructor's talking again and he's on a different screen now and I don't know what we're doing because I was taking notes.  Ok, I found the screen he's on and I'm following along but I don't know what objective we're working on. I don't have time to take notes because I need to follow along so I can try to figure out what we're doing.  Ok, he just said the thing he was showing wasn't important for the test. Going to try to write some notes on the thing I just kind of worked through and hope they're right. Wait, I'm reading the objectives and two of them are about the thing he was talking about, but I wasn't listening. I thought he said it wasn't important! Maybe just the first thing he said wasn't important... Oh! The program just crashed and I have to reload it.  Ok, I'm missing half the notes and I'm not even remotely on the right screen of the program. I'm going to stop trying to follow along and just listen. Then I'll just write down what I remember in my notes at break time. When's break time again? Oh, in two and a half hours. Great.  &#x200B;  Then today we were reviewing what we learned yesterday and while I was frantically trying to fill in my notes, the instructor moved on to today's lesson. At the end of 3 hours I had written absolutely no notes on that session's material.   When we got back from break the instructor went to start the next lesson and I said, "Before we get started, I'm actually having a hard time following along with all of the material. I feel like I get parts of it, but sometime's I'll catch the middle and end and not understand how we got there. Or I'll do something fine but not understand which objective it is, so if I was asked to perform that objective I wouldn't know what I was being asked to demonstrate. Do you think it would be possible to, instead of teaching all of the objectives and then reviewing them at the end, we could do one or two objectives all the way through and then have maybe 10 minutes for you to summarize it and for us to take notes and ask questions before we move on to the next one?"  And he was just like, "Oh, definitely! No problem. Let's just start over from the first objective from today." It was literally that easy, and I went from thinking "What in the fuck was all of that?" to "To perform task X, do this, this, and that. Don't do this. Boom, got it." At our next break my co-workers were like, "Wow, that was much better! I wish we were learning it like that all along! I felt so dumb always coming in and asking to review everything from the day before."
