885382deb2218f64a93f6d0f74f0160b225bdc16bcdca4c90f3fcc2b84cb120b;;;I was first diagnosed 44 years ago, way before it was called ADHD. Here are some things I have learned.;;;1.	 It’s not a competition with other folks so blessed to see who “has it worse”, the only one we are competing with is ourselves. 2.	 There are endless combinations of symptoms so just because someone doesn’t have your particular flavor of ADHD does not make them any less authentic.   (See #1) 3.	 The secret to success is mastery of coping skills, NOT mastery of ADHD.  That shit ain’t never going away, but it can be tamed.   4.	 Keep a Coping Skills Journal on your phone where you lIst  all of the skills you learn and reread it when you have downtime.   I have forgotten way more of these tricks than I remember and it’s because I didn’t keep track.   No, those scraps of paper are not going to help you remember all this stuff... they  just end up in piles. 5.	Speaking of piles, accept them.  I spent 25 years freaking out over those piles until my wife (she’s a genuine saint she is) taught me to accept who I am and work within the framework of that knowledge.   The piles will never go away, but you can learn Tricks To help make them manageable. 6.	learn to love reading.  Many of us tend to hyper-focus on things and it’s often video games. I put millions of hours into online games before I came to my senses.   Four years ago I wrote my first novel in the time I would have spent playing WoW.   That changed my understanding of time.  I switched from gaming to reading (and then writing) and I have learned so much.  Not I have a cool set of skills and not some avatar. 7.	Blow off steam.  Run, work out, hike, whatever but do something that makes you move.   It’s a big part of dealing with this. 8.	If you use meds them use them.   Take them on a schedule and set timers.   It’s really important that we treat this holistically and pharmacology is part of that.  If you don’t go the meds rout then establish a pattern and follow it every day. 9.	Holistic means treat the whole body.  Eat right, no, really.   I know how wonderful it is to sugar out but we need to maintain as much balance as we can.   Diet and exercise  are important parts of that balance.  That whole reading thing comes in handy here. 10.  know your role.  In every group of friends there is a place for the hyper one.  Stop fighting it and embrace it.  Just Be yourself.   That's key. 11.  You are not perfect and will never be perfect.  Sooner you accept that the better.   12.  Nobody else is perfect.  Everyone has their flaws.   As soon as you understand that you can shed all kinds of stress. 13.  There are assholes who will not like you.  Why?  Because some people are just assholes.   Stop trying to make people like you and just be you.  14.  If someone has been a certain way for as long as you have known them then don’t get mad when they act in character over something.  You are never going to change the  way people are and you will save everyone a whole lot of stress and drama by not trying.   15.  ADHD gives you powers that other people do not have and will not understand.  Learn what your particular ADHD gifts are and hone them.  I teach, I can hear things that i should not hear, i can feel when the mood of a room changes and react before the kids know whats up.  I am hypersensitive to touch, sound, temp, air flow, and movement.   Its so much fun to use that.   Just don't touch me, expect me to wear itchy clothes, or not keep headphones and earplugs handy.    This is already really long.   There are other lessons but I have reading to do.     Edit 1:  Thanks for the Gold!!!  Great way to end the day.     Edit 2: (April 8th, 2018) So, it’s been MONTHS and I have not posted part 2.  Had a nasty crash (thanks Bipolar) but I’m up and moving now. Look for part two in the next week or so.
