8ac73f346b1f427ba94cece27e2b8e0d225955e311f013ae5363e0c8e431cec7;;;It's said people with ADHD have no filter, so I built a dam.;;;I tried to improve my personality, and even that wasn’t good enough, according to my grad school advisor  I was diagnosed with ADHD as an adult when I first started grad school. I never had trouble in school as a child. But after learning a lot more about ADHD over the last year, I realized that so many of my insecurities are rooted in my ADHD symptoms.  It isn't exactly a confidence booster to read a 'list of 10 annoying personality traits' and walk away with what might as well be an excerpt from the ADHD section of the DSM.  I’ve always hated my personality (or what I called my personality) and tried desperately to pinpoint what exactly it was that I was doing wrong and change. I hate that I’m loud, talk way too fast, accidentally interrupt and intrude, can’t sit still or listen, can’t be patient. And over time, I started hating myself for all of those reasons. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to think of myself as anything but annoying and obnoxious, and I spend a lot of my time trying to regulate my behavior with willpower alone.  Don’t talk too much. Don’t say things people aren’t interested in. Don’t come on too strongly or overwhelm anyone. Don’t get too excited or eager for things. Sit down and listen. If you say something at all, make sure it’s relevant, necessary, and eloquent. Don’t ask unnecessary questions or ask for help with stupid things you should know how to do. When in doubt, just be quiet so you don’t bother anyone.  And fast forward a year of trying not to get in anyone’s way in grad school, I receive feedback from my advisor that I don’t have a personality. They don’t know what to think of me or whether or not I really ‘fit in’ with our cohort because I’m pretty unreactive and don’t show too much emotion. I’m too hierarchical and incapable of being informal around people.  And what am I supposed to reply to this? Should I make my advisor breathe a sigh of relief by letting them know they wouldn’t want to deal with my personality anyway? That I’m saving them a lot of grief?  And what am I supposed to think of all of this? Apparently, I have two settings: loud and annoying or aloof and rigid.  I’ve pushed myself into this corner where I only like myself when other people like me. I had a good day when I didn’t annoy anyone. I had a bad day when I talked unnecessarily or wasted someone’s time. But now, it’s not just enough to not be annoying and have people like me.  It’s said that people with ADHD don’t have a filter, so I fixed that problem by sealing it all off by building a dam. And I don’t think I know how to be selective with what I let flow through.  It feels like I’m playing a game, but I don’t know the rules. And I don’t even want to win; I just want to earn some points here and there for the things I manage to get right, which isn’t often.  I don’t know what joke I make is going to end up being a charming and clever remark or be taken as rude and uncalled for. I don’t know whether a story I’m about to tell will be genuinely interesting or a boring time-waster. And a lifetime of trial and error hasn’t led me to figuring this out any better, so I just stopped telling jokes, stopped sharing stories, and figured I can’t possibly lose if I just refuse to play.  Yeah, somehow, I still managed to do even that wrong, too.
