9043686664c88468822207bb48349ffd0ac3dabe40cdf0c5947170ac126d385a;;;A piece of advice for fellow ADHD’ers: The “perfect” decision doesn’t exist, and it’s okay to be nervous about that. Your quality of life will increase 10x when you learn to accept uncertainty and the “grey areas” that are inevitable in life.;;;(Note: I actually just posted this in response to a relevant vent that someone posted. But it took me a lot of tears, panic attacks, and time to learn this so I wanted to share for anyone who needs to hear it in hopes that it could help them.)   When I was starting college, (I’m 27. Been done with undergrad for 6 years now. [ugh, gross.]) I absolutely obsessed over what my major was going to be. I felt as though I HAD to pick something that I was 100% going to want to do for the rest of my life, otherwise I will have wasted my time getting a degree and be destined for a dull life of mediocrity, which was unacceptable to me. I would literally research it constantly in order to reassure myself that whatever the chosen major of the month was was in-fact my absolute destiny. I’d take Meyers Briggs tests online (multiple ones, I had to make sure they were accurate) and look up what jobs fit best. I’d research potential salaries, how to climb the ladder in each field, what courses were needed to get a degree in each field, (and wrestle with whether or not I thought I could pass them) post on industry-related forums, etc. No forum response, no quiz result, and no article was ever good enough to make me feel 100% comfortable with a choice, because guess what? THAT PERFECT ANSWER DOESN’T EXIST.  When I was first officially diagnosed with ADHD, one of the common presentations that my psychiatrist pointed out to me was that a lot of people with ADHD get severe anxiety over making permanent (or at least long-lasting; few things in life are truly permanent) decisions. This comes from knowing that we tend to have a high predisposition to changing our minds often, and locking ourselves into long-term situations makes us DESPERATE to ensure we won’t regret it.  This blew my mind because I’ve always been this way. When my relationship first started with my boyfriend (now husband) I knew it was more than likely that I was going to marry him. I obsessed over whether or not he was my absolute perfect soulmate to the point of panic attacks. I was terrified to break his heart, and terrified to be without him because of my impulsivity and proclivity to change my mind. I’d obsess over whether or not I was getting the perfect apartment, the perfect car, the perfect job, the perfect ANYTHING. I always felt incapable of controlling my short attention span and impulsivities, and I was terrified of meeting the consequence of that: regret.   One of the hardest lessons that I’ve ever had to learn in life is how to be okay with uncertainty, and “grey area.” Nothing in life is absolute. You may regret things, but that’s OKAY. I ended up choosing communications/advertising as my major. I work in advertising now and is it a perfect career? No. But overall I enjoy it and I’m mostly pretty damn good at it. I ended up marrying that boyfriend. I love him more than anything, and our marriage is pretty damn great. Is he ABSOLUTELY perfect for me? No, but no one is.  Overall, just breath, and know that you will be okay. Nothing is ever as bad as we think it will be when we’re mentally catastrophizing it, and imagining a horrible result before we’ve even TRIED something.
