9c57297e943f8dbff45dfaa9ab43539a54fcecca77709bd57e19d7cb415a9af3;;;Graduated from medical school and got a job!;;;**til;dr: struggled with ADHD all throughout school, somehow got into medical school but almost failed out. Didn’t want to be a doctor and contemplated suicide. Was able to push through, graduate, and land a job outside of clinical medicine, more in line with my passion/preferences.**  I’ve never shared this with anyone.   I’m new to this community, but after a long period of suffering, have rediscovered that managing my ADHD is a worthwhile investment.   I was diagnosed in childhood and again as an adult. In childhood, always observed as bright but also always getting into trouble. I was a mediocre student throughout grade school, always “not living up to my potential.” In high school, I did okay but only really began to apply myself when discovering a love for chemistry. Barely getting into college, I was top of my class at a mid/lower tier university, and somehow was able to self motive towards the goal of getting into medical school. (I also loved my major, chemistry, and was good at it.)  My hard work payed off and got me into a top 3 US medical school.   That’s when everything came crashing down...  Once the star student, I was now in the big leagues. Furthermore, I came to realize I never actually was that interested in being a doctor. I guess I just saw it was cool and science related, but little did I know I actually hated being in the hospital. I failed my first medical school exam in anatomy. I barely passed each subsequent class, often just getting by the minimum of 70% no matter how hard I tried to study. In my second year, I failed my boards exam, which set me back an entire year. I had to take on more debt. I became depressed. I had to go to a specialized program for 8 weeks to help me pass my boards. When I returned to medical school in my third year (the hardest year) I became so disillusioned that I contemplated killing myself. I couldn’t get myself to care when I halted the environment and future prospects.   I decided I didn’t want to become a doctor for the rest of my life, but needed to finish my degree. I began thinking about alternative careers like consulting or healthcare startups. I ended getting interviews from great consulting firms, only to get rejected my all of them. On my last limb, I became depressed again but continued to interview. Sometimes I thought I was literally going to go work for McDonalds since I didn’t apply to residency like the rest of my classmates, and no one wanted to hire me. After a year of interviewing I was able to finally land a life sciences consulting job (only 1 offer!).  I graduated, stopped being depressed after finally having some light at the end of the tunnel.  I’m now two weeks into my new job and loving it. It’s hard, especially given how much prioritization and task management is required in consulting. But it’s an intense environment where things are often due next-day or in a few hours, which I find helps motivate me.   I still struggle with ADHD daily, but now with a job I can finally afford to get professional help.
