a028b7491ef7f0deb95d86b5a9a3ed20ab77f2e0566d909d6b7f040e12f4c92f;;;I've always despised the 'oh squirrel!' comment;;;One of the most frustrating things about ADHD is some people understand it. The middle of the sentence break away to something random.  At least for me, it isn't random at all. Part of ADHD for me is what I call hyper-relationships. The best example I can think of right now is when a friend and I were standing in line at Starbucks a while back. We saw the newspaper and it mentioned a Tornado on the front. My friend started talking about it but I seemed zoned out so he asked with I was thinking about and I said Martians.  He was confused and asked why in the world I was thinking of Martians. From his point of view, it was totally random.  And I explained to him: the newspaper mentioned tornadoes. Tornadoes made me think of hurricanes, which made me think of Katrina. Katrina made me think of New Orleans and Louisiana, which made me think of my 5th grade class when we talked about the Mississippi River and the delta into the Gulf of Mexico. Delta made me think of rockets, like the delta V. But there is a problem with the V, it won't get us to Mars. We would need something bigger, and I wonder what we will find there. Probably some microbe fossils of ancient Martian microbes.  But all of that happened in maybe a second or two.  This is what it is for me, and better, this is what makes me great at my job. But people can't understand that it isn't random, and that's frustrating.  /rant  Edit: obligatory humility for my first gold or any shiney. Thank you kind redditor.  Also my job. A lot of people are asking so I figure I should say. My background is engineering and computer science, got a law degree, now I'm a Patent Attorney. These hyper-relationships are important because it allows me to look at a design, deconstruct it, and figure out ways to get around the design. E.g. What if this hinge was a bearing joint? Etc.  If I am writing the Patent application, it is important to make sure other people can't design around the app I'm writing. If I'm defending an app, it helps me to infer intent of functionality in other patents to show an argument that my design is something else and is different because x, y, z. It allows this movement not allowed there. That functionality is limited because of that device, we use this, so not limited and solves a problem. Etc.
