a64331e714ca09bf99c0b40e8a46bee8240b3b649d70b92fed3f590e231f0d2e;;;Lost it all. Take this stuff serious.;;;Hello there this is my story (small paragraphs because u know)  1. I knew i had troubles from a while back. I’m a brilliant mind who got far in life, i’ve always had issues in executing, i was kinda oblivious to the why.   2. Symptoms got worse with total isolation, MJ, nicotine, coffee, semi bad diet, lack of exercise also moved out of the country.   3. im running a company which is the only thing i have left and is running because i hired the right people, not even because of me.  4. Lost someone that i called the love of my life. This has kept me in bed since it happened, specially due the shady circumstances of this event.   5. I lost contact with everyone i love while im dealing with this.  6.  I haven’t been able to consistently put 1h of work in the last 2 weeks.   7. A side from this.. i got no support system, almost no friends, i moved to Canada alone to study and planning to stay.   BUT ———  — i stand up from bed, biked 20km to a doctor appointment that took me almost a month to make. today i got referred to a psychotherapist.   Guys, im 26.  This stuff will eat your life away if you let it.   1. It will make you cope with other issues in different ways  2. It will firetruck your relationships   3. It will flunk your confidence  4.  It will eat your mind silently   Don’t wait anymore and if you’re reading this... do that appointment. Let them screen you.   Go to therapy.   Your brain is not chemically normal, dont expect it to work like it.  I always exceed in thinking and never in execution and i’ve had enough of my own bs.  At this point i believe medication is the only option.  Wellbeing is not enough.   The feeling of being alone and dealing with this is the hardest part. But at least we dealing.  This have been a really difficult times.  Stay safe.   I will update when i get prescriptions and results of the tests.  —— UPDATE # 1  The response in this community has been overwhelming.  I never thought to read so many similar cases which make me think that we should be putting our global efforts into finding better and more permanent solutions.  I cant imagine the amount of people that go by without knowing they have this. Specially on low income households and third worlds countries, where mental health is still a taboo.  After learning about adhd i started seeing the same paterns on some of my close friends, my dad & even one of my roomates.   I read all of your comments with teary eyes, i will be answering them all one by one.  As for those who are not motivated to get help due to financial, a part of the people on the comments have gotten a 100% virtual screening and medication and it got better.  As an investment , being able to work and function properly will give you more money on the long term than whatever is that cost the treatment.   As for me, i never thought this was gonna “blow up” i was just venting a bit.   To everyone who contacted me directly trough the chat, also thank you for taking your time and energy to just send me good vibes.  Amazing community, i trully feel the support.   Thank you infinite times.  ——————  Update #2  ——————  1. Just today, after so much hassle between doctors and pharmacies, finally got my prescription for -modafinil- it only took me since 9am until 5pm easy pz  2. I took one dosis for 100mg to try it out.  3. Currently waiting the half hour to see how it does, doctor told me that i might be needing 200mg if i dont feel anything with 100mg  4. Modafinil, as almost all stimulants will affect the heart rate, which i also will keep in check every two weeks.   5. The modafinil plasma peak will hit after 2-4h which is perfect since i got a long night ahead with a lot of work.  6. My insurance didn’t covered any of this so it was 80$ for 60 tablets (100mg each)   And thats pretty much second wave of updates.   As for my mental health i am feeling positive. Good mood. Sun shines out for me. I hope modafinil does the trick.   This is my attempt to recover back my life.  I will update next week to let you all know how the substance is affecting me.  My doctor had some choices but i personally wanted modafinil due to the really good experience i’ve heard from people also is non addictive and non amphetamine  vs adderall (which is my next choice if modafinil doesn’t work for me)  Again, thank you all, remember to not prolongate your mental health as it will take a silent tax that only you will notice when you don’t have anything left to pay with.   7 more days see you here, i will keep doing this for a while.
