b192fe018ebcc047209e0961fade74599953877ed5b449f28bdfd56950953b12;;;A list of things I have accomplished after just ONE YEAR of acknowledging and treating my ADHD;;;• Started my master’s after 3 years of saying “I’m going to start my master’s next semester!” • Moved into a new apartment after leaving an abusive relationship • Went on a date with my FIRST crush (I was 11, he was 16 and played in our church band and looked like a Jonas Brother- I was sold) • Started completing my graduate work on time • Became the lead first grade teacher at a new school • Went to Disneyland with the boy mentioned above, who I now live with • Got ENGAGED to said boy • Found the perfect puppy with now fiancé • Finished my master’s degree with a 4.0  Not saying I give all of the credit to my meds, but WOW what a difference a year of actually taking care of myself made.   We accept the love we think we deserve.  EDIT: THANK YOU ALL!!! Your words of encouragement and congratulations mean more than you’ll ever know, especially today. Although I only mentioned the positive things that went on over the past year, please know that there have been plenty of obstacles I have struggled to overcome as well.  Being a teacher during this time has taken a much bigger toll on my mental health than anticipated. So much of my motivation comes from my desire to set the best example for my students. I’ve felt unmotivated and unnecessary these past few weeks.   I wrote this post to remind myself that I have every right to be proud of myself, even if no one else notices.   Thank you for noticing. You’ve brought back my motivation.   PS- While I don’t feel comfortable discussing my diagnosis process/medication (as I know everyone is different and I wouldn’t ever want to mislead anyone), please know that too had absolutely NO idea what I was doing going into this a year ago. I literally just googled therapists near me, talked about my concerns, was sent to another doctor and prescribed medication. I know this won’t be the case for everyone, but my best advice would be to research specialists in your area!
