c7924a820810e521a84034a72da88cf34d9f0f2b01d0ceac3754b1fb116ab7ad;;;Advice for students with ADHD (from professor);;;Okay, I have seen a lot of posts lately about school as the end of summer approaches.  I am actually a college professor, and I also have been through college (twice) and grad school with untreated ADHD, and I thought I would offer my best advice for students.  I don't want to suggest all of these will work for everyone, and of course I encourage other suggestions in the comments!  (Note: I'm in the US. Some of this may differ for your country.)  1. If your university has a Disability Services office (or equivalent) make sure to talk to them.  In the US, we are required by law to allow students certain accommodations for ADHD, but as a professor I am required to get a letter from DS before I can offer them.  These can be things like extra time on exams or papers, or the ability to take exams in a room free of distractions, or attendance flexibility.  2. If you feel like you are struggling in a class, TALK TO THE PROF AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.  I cannot stress this enough.  If you come to me a week before finals and ask me what you can do to bring your grade up, there is nothing I can do.  I can't teach you a quarter's worth of material in an hour.  But if you come to me right away, I can explain a concept to you so that when we move on you can follow.  3. Don't assume study habits that worked in high school will work in college.  College is a very different beast and it takes a LOT more work and commitment.  This is not to say you can't do it!  I recommend blocking out 20-30 minutes of study time intermittently, then do something completely different for half an hour.  Set timers.  After the break, do another 20-30 minutes.  If you try to study for three hours straight you won't remember anything.  4. When you have a big project, FORCE yourself to work on it for at least 30 minutes per day.  You will thank yourself later.  If you aren't sure how to start or aren't sure you can make yourself do it, talk to the prof or tutoring services (see below).  Also, don't underestimate peer pressure! Recruit friends, classmates, or roommates to nag you about working on your stuff.  5. Take advantage of tutoring and/or counseling services offered by the school.  They are paid to help you!  Seriously,  you will never again have access to the amount of free help that you will have in college; use it!  6. If you are doing badly in a class (or it's so uninteresting that you can't pay attention), you usually have the option to drop!  Having a "W" on the transcript is better than an "F".  But even if you fail a course, it's not the end of the world.  You can nearly always repeat a class if necessary. Don't allow one bad class to mess your plans up.  In addition, if you get to the end of a course and have done okay but just can't manage to pull off the final project, try talking to the professor about an Incomplete grade. You may need documentation (or you may not) but it can sometimes allow you a little extra time to finish.  Note: not all profs/schools/circumstances will allow this so don't rely on it. But it can be an option.   You can do this!  Edit: wow, I'm so glad this was helpful to so many of you!  Thanks to whoever gave awards--literally the first I've ever gotten.
