d83112e8bde56a36ed6c901433d030a104ba0f47387067531e2a43bcbc81ee04;;;I have showered, eaten, cleaned, and followed a bedtime routine for 4 days this week!!!;;;This week I have showered 4 days in a row. Including a full routine of getting ready. Hair, face and beard washed, moisturized, put on deodorant, done my hair, put on clean clothes, and cleaning up my mess! I also ate the same regime of food in the morning for 4 days before my adderal kicks in and I lose my appetite. I've come home and stayed active doing chores, getting dinner ready, cleaning as I go, and cleaning up the house entirely when the children are in bed. I EVEN DID FULL LOADS OF MY LAUNDRY!!!!! Washed, dried, folded, and put away. I even avoided my usual distractions. Kept video games to a limited time, turned the tv off when it was time for bed and was head down, eyes closed before 1130 every night.   Wildly successful week on that end!!!!!!!!  Edit: Only on this thread do I appreciate, and count my self lucky to be among, a bunch of disorganized freaks. We are what anyone may consider to be freaks. After all, we are actually different in many ways. It's not just a chemical imbalance for us... We have different brains. We literally have to try and take our brains, and incorporate the functions of NT's to function properly.   I read a book recently that called the ADHD mind a hunters mind. And the mind of NT's a Farmer's mind. We have a brain that was suitable to be a hunter gatherer millenia ago, but not for the farmers world of today full of distraction and menial, down right boring, tasks that make loves function.   I'm just so glad that I have this place to share my success and get such a fantastic response! My friends, peers, and family literally cannot truly appreciate this success as anything significant, because they can't even fathom the effort it takes to work against your own biology. You guys are all fantastic! Thank you!  This is a comment I made down below. It dawned on me that it may be a good edit to show my appreciation for all of the support and praise I have recieved. You have truly bolstered me to keep on going.... Only I've now spent a large majority of my night reading and responding to all you lovely people, and not enough time doing human things! Thank you for a well deserved reward for all my hard work!!! Thank you, that k you, thank you!
