d970d7a993b36ed50476b0dabadf893483113e09912309c3b0b99c04045090d4;;;Paid 5 people back that I’ve owed money for like a month, deep cleaned my laundry and tidied the entire house with an ADHD hack I’ve heard in a few books.;;;**TLDR - I’ve organised a “power hour” with my mum 4x per week where we effectively swap being each others “life assistant” for an hour each day, 4x days a week.**  I’ve listened to multiple ADHD books that suggest “chore swapping” with a friend. I’ve had this idea to ask my mum if she’d be up for it for weeks but was convinced she would think it’s a stupid idea, but I finally asked her the other day if she’d be up for it and she was!  I have my assessment on Friday (low key terrified I will be told I’m just lazy/anxious/depressed and be prescribed another antidepressant) and my mum is almost has ADHD as well, although is in a little bit of denial.  So I called her the other day and proposed this:  1. At least 4 days a week, we will visit each other for 1 hour at roughly the same time, pending appointments.  2. We will not be upset if the other person is late and we only have an hour - if we’re late, we get less time. We will expect each other to be late so we aren’t upset.  3. We both have to be doing something, even if we don’t feel like it.  4. We will set a timer for an hour, with a reminder 5 minutes before the timer is up.  5. At the start of the hour we’ll set “goals” for the hour and keep each other on track.  6. We can help each other with anything - it’s not limited to cleaning. The example I gave my mum on the phone was that I’ve been struggling to start my tax return, so I just need someone to be there and keep pushing me to do it.  We had our first power hour yesterday and it was AMAZING. When my mum arrived (10 minutes late), I told her I had 5 people I had been meaning to pay back for various things, and that how dirty our laundry was was stressing me out. So she made me sit down and I wrote a list of who I had to pay back while she started the laundry.  She called out to me a few times from the laundry to make sure I hadn’t got distracted.  After I’d finished paying everyone back, I got up to help her with the laundry and she asked where our mop was. I said it was broken and I’d been meaning to order a new one, so she suggested I order it right then and there, so I did!  Once I’d finished that I neatened the entire house. I like to play a game in my head where I pretend I’m a realtor getting a house ready to be inspected but I only have a short time and can’t actually “clean” anything because it’ll take too long, I just have to make each room “look” good from a distance.  When the hour was up, the house was so tidy and the laundry was spotless. Today I’m going to visit my mum and we’re organising her pantry because it’s been stressing her out, and I’m so excited!  When my boyfriend came home he couldn’t believe how neat the house was and noticed the laundry right away. He asked me how I’d got it all done and I, shyly, told him about what I’d read in all the books and the arrangement with my mum, thinking he’d think it was stupid.  He (in a nutshell) said “...wow. That’s actually a really smart idea. You know I’d do that with you if there’s anything I can help you with.”  I just feel so warm and fuzzy and accomplished today and I wanted to share! Hope you guys get something out of this tip and have a friend or family member you can try it with :)  **TLDR - I’ve organised a “power hour” with my mum 4x per week where we effectively swap being each others “life assistant” for an hour each day, 4x days a week.**  *EDIT: oh my god, I didn’t expect this to get so much attention and I can’t wait to (definitely forget to) go back and respond to everyone!! Ahh! Thank you so much!*  I thought I’d let you know how our “Power Hour” went today - I visited her and she decided that the pantry wasn’t stressing her out nearly as much as picking something to wear for an event on Saturday. So she tried on all her outfits and I helped her pick one, then we went only and picked some shoes for her to go buy, then we went through her calendar and picked a good time for her to go get the shoes :)
