daa0df4f32e8003975fb73fab5140d7b0dfe50e661d5ead00312a077de212d37;;;Why am I doing this: Avoiding to go to bed for hours and rather sitting for hours on end scrolling through nonsense internet info.;;;Like yesterday we finished watching a movie at 9:30 pm, partner went to bed - it took 5 minutes to them. Meanwhile I stay seated, kinda mind stuck, scrolling through the internet, Reddit, Instagram, tiktok, Reddit again, some stupid addicting internet game but only half an hour, Instagram again endless videos of people putting nail polish on, cutting hair, pressure washing, then a documentary on YouTube about crimes, medical disorders, societal events, the super nanny, and so on and so on.   I did this for more than 5 hours!   I don't even want to do it. Like I was excited it was so early so I could catch a good nights rest because I was kinda exhausted already but here I was, watching hair cutting fails at 3 am in the morning?! why?!?   I thought it had to do with stuff you had to "organize" around before going to bed like dish washer, coffee machine timer, showering, hair washing, tooth brushing... but even when I manage to get all of that done, I come back to the couch on my phone and continue?! or even when I would allow myself to just go straight to bed without doing anything prior - no, scrolling through the internet it is.  Like, I would even have a computer and if I would at least use it instead of my smartphone I could be able to watch Netflix while researching the black dahlia murder and playing the mobile game on my phone simultaneously while ordering my father's birthday present. I would even have a bigger screen and a mouse and a keyboard, it would be so much more comfortable?! but no, I'm on my smart phone.   Like I'm exhausted, I cannot sleep in because of work. I had such a bad headache today from sleep deprivation. but yet again it's 1 am an I'm still sitting here. ugh.   this has to be an ADHD thing?! does anyone know this too? has anyone overcome this?!?  why am I like this?  .  .  .  .  Update:  Thank you for all of your comments (and the awards). I've read every single one of them and honestly makes me not feel so alone. ❤️   I also actually didn't realize there are so many others doing the exact same thing. sometimes, with adhders, I feel like being in a big tribe full of lively, bubbly kindred spirits that I belong to. ❤️  I've went from a lot of self hatred and self-criticism to "this is okay. **I** am okay. I just have this neurological executive function disorder that I have to deal with. I'm not a bad person."
