e40bf5a4dc1bfaeb767444564c5b18ad8723ed8b4d861afc8e509b6245399bc8;;;In our house, "Tony Stark" is a verb;;;This is something that my brother started saying years ago before we ever had a clue that I had ADHD.  He just thought it was me being ridiculous and used the term endearingly, but it's stuck!    I was listening to an ADHD for adults podcast and the speaker was talking about how we have "the tendency to go 'all in' and become experts in this subject, but while using all resources and hyperfocusing to the extent that it's uncanny to others how quickly we become proficient in whatever subject it is."  I kept waiting for her to use the word but then realized, most people probably don't!   We call this 'Tony Stark-ing.'  (From the scene *"when did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?"  "last night"*)     >me:  "So I got really into leather sewing--"  >husband:  "Like, Tony Stark level, or less?"  or  >me: "I just Tony Starked orthotropics, let me tell you what I learned..."  you get the idea.  We used it last night during conversation and I just thought this sub might get a kick out of it or have similar ties to that exchange.  Tony (and the muse behind his character...Howard Hughes) are big personal idols of mine and my ADHD/OCD husband.  Edit: Here's the podcast!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ft4eNY_IPfY  Also, to all of you saying that Tony Stark totally has ADHD, of course he does!  I'd Tony Stark about it here inappropriately, but I'm actually more into his real-life inspiration, Howard Hughes, who did amazing things with his undiagnosed combo. If you have ADHD and/or OCD, then he's a name and face I'd recommend reading up on or watching the Aviator at least.    The media likes to focus on his cRaZy rEcLUsIvE eCcEnTRic SiDe, but he was so much more than that.  After breaking a world speed record and crashing into a beet field because he was too busy being an adrenaline junkie and trying to break his own record to stop and refuel (lol) his colleagues ran up to him, ambulance and all, and he was sitting next to the plane and said "We can fix her, she'll go faster."   This pretty much sums up all of ADHD for me, and I plan on getting a tattoo of 'she'll go faster' somewhere to commemorate it.  Enough excited oversharing! Sorry!
