f77a53bb96f0b086c8a1c8b7eddf8fefcb7c5b9c70486473b97d53ccbee1dabb;;;For me, the hardest thing about having ADHD is that no one wants to hear “You know, I do have ADHD” when you’re late or forget something;;;Last night I went to bed early to make sure I got enough sleep.  Mind raced and made it difficult to get a full eight hours but hey, better than I would have gotten if I didn’t go to bed early.  This morning my alarm went off more than two hours before work.  I snoozed it a couple times.  I’ve started this thing where I’m trying to meditate an hour each morning.  Well, I snoozed so much that I’ll only be able to get 45 minutes in but hey that’s better than nothing.  I start getting ready for work after meditating.  I’ve only let myself have enough time to do most of what I need to do before work, but hey, it’s better than nothing.  It’s about time I should leave now, my work shirt is on the bed and I remind myself to grab it and the frozen burritos before I leave for work.  The wife reminds me for a second time to let the dogs out before work.  I sigh and then reprimand myself internally for sighing at her.  I let the dogs out, get the burritos out of the freezer and put them on the kitchen counter, grab my sidebag, get in the car and head to work.  At my first stop light I remember that I forgot the frozen burritos.  I get to work.  I’m only two minutes late.  That’s good for me.  As I’m walking inside I realize I’m not wearing my work shirt.  It’s still on the bed at home.  I tell my co-worker that I forgot my shirt and have to head home to go get it.  My wife is nice enough to put my work shirt and the frozen burritos in a place that’s easy for me to get when i get home.  I get home and I remember that there’s a cup upstairs I want to grab because I use it to get free drinks next door to my work.  I grab it, the burritos and the shirt and leave.  I get to work and my supervisor is passive aggressively up my ass about being late and how I forgot my shirt.  He knows I have ADHD and I get defensive and against my better judgment I say: “You know I have this thing called ADHD that makes it hard for me to remember things.”  He says: “Oh that’s just an excuse.”    Me, even more agitated: “No, it’s not.  It’s an actual reason.”  Him: “You could have put it in your car last night.”  I walk away, quickly get myself to calm down, walk back to my supervisor and say: “I am sorry for being late.”  Fuck having ADHD.  My life revolves managing this condition.  Planning around this condition.  And I can never, ever bring it up for any kind of sympathy or understanding.  It’s always just an “excuse”.
