06d1e39bb9cbad6bda578705dec0213e00226bbf3a0af2e2726c1bc5c5df1eda;;;Things my husband used to do that now make complete sense;;;Now this is looking back in the early days of my marriage to my adhd husband, when I still was very much in love and eager to please, and as such crushed daily by the negative attitude and aloofness of my husband...We are now separated, ten years later, and I just thought about these memories as I am slowly going back to myself, my habits and what makes me happy from underneath the heartbreak.  So I have been making pancakes this morning and every Sunday for a few months, to the intense satisfaction of my kids, and it has become a family thing that we are looking forward to. I am so pleased that they want to help me make the dough, cook them, and their faces lit up when we look at this large plate of fragrant golden pancakes. This is a special time. Well just this morning, as I was enjoying it, I remembered that I used to do that when the kids were little, waking up early and cooking up a storm, pancakes, eggs, a nice breakfast on Sunday. My husband and kids loved it... until the day he actually started to make a face and looking disappointed instead of happy. When I asked him why, he said it was nice, but just the same every Sunday... Boring and predictable...( Not that he did anything to suggest something different or take any initiative...) . The fact that it was a predictable, nice thing to look forward to, was actually the whole point for me. I felt hurt and disappointed at his lack of appreciation,and ended up not doing it as often. He had managed to turn a nice, lovingly prepared pancake breakfast on Sunday into something boring and depressing to complain about, and my pleasure of doing it was gone.   Same for the parc that was next to our house. This is easily one of the nicest parks in the place where we lived and many people would come from a distance to spend some time there on the weekends. We lived just across, which was one of the main reasons why we moved there in the first place. We had two young kids who loved it, and we usually went every day on the weekends, for a jog, a walk, to the playground, etc... (it's really big so you don't have to stick to the same area at all).   Well after a few months he just started going "oh no, not... Park, we ALWAYS go there...". Uh, yeah, it's the nicest Park in the region and a two minutes walk? The kids and us love it, or at least used to...? We could go to a different park but we would have to take the car and it would be less nice, more crowded, etc...? Not that he, once again, had something different that he wanted to do or suggest, just the wish to piss all over our simple pleasures and habits and complain, apparently.  Of course it changed things for me, what used to be a nice family activity was now tainted, either I felt like I was forcing him to do something he didn't enjoy, or I had to go by myself with the kids. Also since he was railing against how boring the Parc was, then our oldest started to declare it was boring too, making it harder for me to make the kids go...  So now I understand that his adhd brain was craving novelty and that even pleasant activities he once enjoyed registered as the biggest bore on the planet but as I was making my pancakes this morning with unmitigated pleasure and without his negative outlook, it made me reminiscent of the small, subtle ways in which I had let adhd and this marriage ruin pancakes, then my favorite parc, etc... And ultimately my happiness. And I had no-one to share these thoughts with but you precious people.   Now I am out of this relationship and I am not saying that this is the only way, but please, whatever your situation, don't let your partner's limitations take away your joy. Keep doing what makes you happy, if they want to be sad sacks let them but you don't have to become one. Happy Sunday!
