088aae1c53997e1fec7c2c71bddb52a95ed36f5d0bf39be209ed566674255b15;;;What's the point of asking;;;Hi all, I'm having a particularly rough day with my husband and just wanted to vent.  We have a cleaner coming over today and so last night I had asked my husband to do the pile of dishes by the sink that we had. My work load has been lighter, so I have been taking it upon myself to handle most of the house chores. Last night, I decided that I wanted a little break so I asked my husband to handle the dishes.  Well, this morning I go around the house to do a once over and see if there's anything easy I can clean so that the cleaners can focus more on detailing rather than like...picking up dirty paper towels off the table....aaaand I notice there are still some dishes in the sink.  Not the end of the world! I can just put away the clean dishes really quickly and refill the washer.   ...I wouldn't be posting here if it wasn't a big deal. I opened the dish washer, and low and behold...dishes were just thrown in with food crusted, caked on. Dough sticking to the utensils...nothing had been even rinsed before being put in there. I found a mug with an entire TEA BAG still in it.   Now I have to redo all those dishes and hand wash whatever doesn't fit. I'm just...tired. I cried for about 5 minutes over the disrespect that I'm feeling from this. My husband came out and immediately wanted to fix it, but I just am over it and he has a lot of work to do today. I just want to ask for something to get done and have confidence that it's not going to look like someone doing chores for the first time did it the next day.
088aae1c53997e1fec7c2c71bddb52a95ed36f5d0bf39be209ed566674255b15;;;I’m depressed and taking everything way too personally;;;So, the title is fairly straight forward - but I’m just unusually depressed. It’s part quarantine blues, part insane workload, and probably part natural chemical imbalance as well. I’m considering medication, but that’s not what this is about.  My partner is as kind as they come, so I know that nothing is truly intentional. However, he still has ADHD with a greater focus on the AD. He is constantly on his phone on either twitter, Reddit, YouTube, and listening to podcasts.  This makes getting his attention to feel like a task, and one that feels humiliating if I fail at it. I feel unwanted and annoying simply because I’ll be talking to him and nothing I say is heard. Of course, if I walk away and cry and he notices, he feels awful...and then I just feel worse for making him feel bad about his disability.  He is getting medicated, and I know it’ll help with work...but in the past, it’s only just made him pay attention the phone even more when it comes to personal life. I’m just not sure what to do (and while I know it’s not his job to make me happy - I’m having a hard time doing it by myself at the moment).
