0cd55289e5c0ccc89d00a6255d48df68b2daacc9cef8ba1c9b41d86d6a8ca465;;;I am realizing that the ADHD my partner has is seriously damaging my own mental health because of the relationship strain. How do I get through this?;;;I'm tired. I'm tired of the tables being turned on me, the arguments, things not getting done unless they're important to him, the uncertainty of whether he'll be interested in an hour, the shutting me out, the emotional roller coaster...I'm just tired.   He won't go to therapy or get help because of his family's negative views of it. He has said that when we move out (which he has made no effort to help me with, despite the fact I've been asking for help since January and my lease is up in July) he'll go. I don't know whether to count on that.   He had a bad experience with ADHD medicine a few years back and doesn't want to try it again. I get that, but I feel like he should at least be going somewhere to get help other than medicine. I get help for my depression because I know I can be a wrecking ball if I don't have weekly therapy and I want better for him AND myself.   I have been having such a hard mental day. He called to check on me, then said that he doesn't understand why I'm having a hard day and am so stressed, then said nothing seems to be getting better. Naturally, that just stressed me out more.   He told me he'd apply for jobs today to ease the stress of trying to apply to apartments. He didn't. He hasn't helped me look anywhere, even though he said he would. My renewal date for my current place has passed because he told me, "Don't renew, I want to live with you. We'll figure it out by then." He always asks what he can do, I tell him exactly what would help me (ex. applying for jobs so he can at least be taking interviews in June), and he doesn't do it and asks why I'm so upset and says it doesn't make sense.   I'm tired of shouldering the weight. I'm about to just let it all fall down and crash. I love him so, so much...how do I get through this? Can I get through this?
