1153fb0a2341ed0b395891f0b7b0cb74862c55b6cecbbeac2fab2992502189e4;;;Need support. His ADHD has broken me literally and I couldn't leave if I wanted to.;;;Married 6 years and I will spare you the background. Usual stuff. Feeling lonely and neglected. Nothing proactive except personal interests. Head in the phone. Super ufking defensive even when I phrase things just so, or skip the complaint and go right to the request. Death by a thousand papercuts. Roller coaster relationship and a walk through a funhouse mirror when I try to work through an issue with him because he turns it around, or adds his own complaint or denies or tries to discount the validity based on unimportant details.   I am so ufking exhausted. I am broken. Literally. I have a chronic autoimmune illness that I believe came about partly from the stress of this relationship.   He takes meds, no consistent therapy. Lots of shame and self esteem issues. Underemployed so I'm the breadwinner on top of all the administrative stuff the partner has to usually manage on some level.   So lonely. I resent that he is so passive about behavioral self support. He just let's it all hang out, path of least resistance. I've had to resort to too many ultimatums over the years. He can be quite kind, thoughtful and generous but also can have a severe lack of empathy, super avoidant, thinks I just want to complain or pick fights.   Decent father, very swingy partner. Untrustworthy because of the ADHD. I have a trauma history so his untrustworthiness is SUPER difficult for me. The chaotic life, lack of routine, is also hard. The mess oh dear God the mess. The lack of effort to talk through anything fully or problem solve. He wants me to just tell him what to do. I feel like that's so lazy and again neglectful to the relationship. We have seen 2 counselors together. Currently I've said no more as a couple until he works on himself first. The self esteem issues make communication impossible and I'm over it.   We have a toddler. Because of having a toddler, and having a chronic illness, and him already saying he would move away if we divorce (too far for me to even get parenting breaks every other weekend), I'm trapped. The stress makes my illness worse. It's hard to vent to friends without feeling like my husband is right and I am BPD because the relationship is so up and down. It's hard to work on my personal issues because his crises and the pain points, resentment and hurt of the present keep taking over my energy.   His daughter volunteered to help him remember a dinner option tomorrow and I nearly lost my mind when he thanked her proactively and with warmth in his voice.   Like dude, where the ufk is the warm, proactive appreciation for what I do on a daily basis for the last 6 years?!?!? He says she volunteered without also giving him ish for it.   I suspect anyone in my shoes, having to reconcile this chaos on the daily, would eventually not be able to help without also being exasperated.   I'm so tired. I have let go of so many expectations. I'm not ready to accept that my practical needs for equitable distribution of labor are never going to be met AND I will always have to feel worthless and beg for attention. Why can't he just set reminders to schedule active effort to nurture the relationship? I feel so taken advantage of.  At the same time when I'm sick he helps without complaining and will take on all of the immediate domestic needs. Things may not be perfect but we survive. He's good when I'm incapacitated but somehow expects me to handle way too much when I'm not. Which means I'm incapacitated more and more often since I have this autoimmune disease.   I get angry and hurt and stressed then break from the stress then I'm too sick to voice my pain and he treats me better but then I recover and try to calmly express my hurt over some lapse and he gets agitated and defensive.   Sorry this is so long. I wouldn't be surprised if no one wants to even bother reading. Thanks in advance for reading if you decided to.
1153fb0a2341ed0b395891f0b7b0cb74862c55b6cecbbeac2fab2992502189e4;;;Hears things I'm not saying and wallows in shame;;;He hears me assaulting his character when I'm expressing pain and frustration about how his symptoms affect me. And then everything falls apart. I tried to call him because I realized he was filtering my communication in the wrong way that was going to increase his suffering and I wanted to try to help him see his interpretation was wrong before he was in the situation that he felt bad about. Basically some people we know have talked about importance of consistency in child raising, and they are aware that we do not both approach things with consistency. But nobody was judgmental and he assumed they were.  He hung up on me and effectively accused me of having bad intentions in trying to reach him as if my goal was to sabotage him and prove the judging people right as he was scrambling to prove them wrong.   Fuck man how do you keep trying after they accuse yo if the opposite of what you're trying to do. I'm so depressed.
