17a6d8ab3e5312418b191637de035ad9173ce02abf7d410c41a1b103852d6eff;;;I no longer want to be intimate with my partner;;;We’ve been together for almost 4 years now, both early 30s. The first year was great, he was very attentive and I felt attracted to him. But my attraction went down when I noticed him becoming dependent on me for things like meals and cleanup. I didn’t have good boundaries but after working on it in counseling, I have been able to communicate when it’s becoming a parent-child dynamic.  But since that time I’ve struggled to want to have sex, and sometimes when I do he’ll end up doing something a bit childish that turns me off. He seems to get really excited and then just kind of... grab at things? I know he’s trying but it doesn’t feel good to me. Or he’ll be careless and accidentally pull my hair or something.. lol. It’s like he’s just hyper focused on his own enjoyment and thinks I’m enjoying it too. Ive asked him to be gentler or just more mindful of time (if we are kissing he will want to continue indefinitely, every time, so it makes me not want to start). Or if we are hugging during the day he will grab my behind for as long as possible, until I pull away. It leaves me feeling like I have to always say no at some point, and it’s easier to just not get close sometimes. Does anyone else have this? I’ve never experienced it in other relationships. Ive talked to him  about it but it’s like he doesn’t notice in the moment to apply what we’ve talked about.    We moved in together just after the pandemic started, and though we are good at living together, I feel like I can’t rely on him to do what he says or if he will suddenly get too busy with work to cook or cleanwhat he said. So it creates a very unsexy dynamic where I will feel attracted to him when he is being attentive to contributing, but it doesn’t last long enough for me to actually want sex.    I want to acknowledge and reward his progress, he really does try, and things are a lot better than before. And he is such a sweet and caring guy, and I love how he makes life fun and cares about creating the best life for us. But it leaves me feeling drained because I’m the one to have to take care of most of the un-fun every day stuff. I’ve asked him to get diagnosed but he says he’s too busy to go to a doctor and go to counselling,  but says he will one day. I just don’t think I can wait that long. I just keep hoping that we will be able to work through these things and I will find my sex drive again. But I’m the only one pulling the cart most of the time.   I feel so conflicted, like it’s my fault for not wanting to be intimate, but when I write it all out I can see why it’s the case. But I know he loves me and is trying. I want that to be enough but it’s not.   If anyone can relate to this experience or give insight on how they got out of this dynamic, whether within the relationship or apart, I’d love to hear it. Maybe some shared experiences will help me feel less alone in this experience. Thank you.
