18b87e6c4cee53be159196bf51405f22488d41dafd2ad9cd93f388a88ce04d29;;;The joys of sex with your ADHD S.O.;;;Hi ppl. I've been commenting here a lot, but never made a post before. Please be gentle! 😁  My husband has been diagnosed ADHD since he was 7yrs old. He was on a lot of meds that never worked for him as a kid. He's not on meds now because he's damn near phobic of them. He has just started the counseling process and hasn't had a "real" appointment yet. We've been married almost 10 yrs. In the beginning the sex was great and frequent. On our wedding night he said he was too tired to have sex. Little did I know, I would hear this phrase several times a week. Fast forward to year three and the sex is maybe once a month and it's stayed this way with the occasional bouts of no sex for 3 or 4 months. We've had many discussions, heart to heart talks and arguments about this topic. I like sex. I like to have sex. He likes sex. He seems to enjoy having sex with me and is always willing so "show" me how turned on I make him, yet it rarely leads to sex. He's been promising for almost 7 years to get more sleep so he won't be so tired all the time. Here we are in 2020 and he still gets, on a good night, 4-5 hours sleep. He works as an ink press operator, which some days is physically demanding and other days he literally "stands around all day",  his words not mine. He is unwilling to change his schedule at home it seems. He promises he'll change, but only does so for maybe two days, the longest was 1 week. No matter how many timers, calendar reminders or in person reminders he receives, he just can't seem to get more sleep. He can't get away from his phone or his computer. When he gets in bed, he is generally asleep and snoring within 15 mins. I know because I have trouble sleeping and I'm up much later than him, sometimes reading reddit while laying next to him. 😁 He is incapable it seems of creating new routines, even with help. I don't like reminding him of stuff very much anymore now, because it doesn't have much of an effect. I know logically I shouldn't feel like the most unattractive person in the world, but I do. I would like to have sex more than once a month of once every two months. I have tried letting him initiate, which is how we get the once a month. If I initiate I get turned down 20 times out of 21 attempts. I've asked him if he would be okay with us opening our marriage up and he is not okay with that. So I feel pretty stuck. Yes, sex isn't everything in a relationship, but it is important and it's important to me. It used to be important to him too. I have worked very hard to over come a lot of sexual abuse in my past to have a healthy sexual relationship with him and I feel like I wasted my time. I'm not asking for sex every day, just maybe once a week. There is also the feeling that in 20 years sex may not be that physically possible for me because I have degenerative disc disease, bone spurs on several vertebrae and something wrong with my neck as well. If my father is an indication of where I will be, then I will be unable to lay in many, many positions and my extremities will have gone numb. I feel like my window for sex is very limited, as in I will literally lose the ability to preform.  Am I really asking for too much? Is this a normal issue for people with ADHD? I'm sorry if this was a ramble. I tried to make it coherent. I'm very depressed over this issue. Thank you for taking the time to read my post. I hope you are all having a good day. ♥️  Edit: I really appreciate you ppl taking the time to comment. There was a lot of very good advice and a bunch of empathy. Thank you for helping me not feel so alone in this. I did discuss the morning sex option that has been suggested and my husband was surprised because he thought that was a no go from me. So I said I'd love to see how it works out and meet him half way in this. It's only been one day but I'm much happier and the husband seems happier too! Again, thank you everyone! 😊🥰
