1b35696bd8533a1dea3183af237f1b3af40380b91a50630bc62fbedb6bde87de;;;We bought a fixer-upper, and it's been a disaster;;;Long-time lurker, first-time poster. Apologies if I make any formatting or posting mistakes!  My husband (36M, DX, medicated) and I have no shortage of issues (which I'm learning is pretty typical), but currently one shows up over and over again. A few years ago, we bought a pretty old house that needed lots of work. My husband used to work in construction and insisted that he would do a lot of the renovations himself. As I'm sure most of you can already tell, that didn't end up happening.   There are half-finished projects EVERYWHERE. Like, our kitchen faucet broke three years ago, there are giant holes in the doors leading to the outside, the basement floods every time it rains. The list goes on and on.  I spent literal years reminding, cajoling, and begging for him to work on these projects. I made lists, organized supplies, put together calendars, and did all of the "helpful" things he asked me to. Even just a little progress would have meant so much. He found all of the time and attention in the world for his hobbies, but our home never made the cut. He got so insulted every time I suggested we just hire someone, saying that was a stupid waste of time and money and that he would get to it "when he had time" or was "less overwhelmed".   When COVID-19 meant we started sheltering in place, it became too much. There are tools and live wires all over the place; it just wasn't safe. I got so sick of living in a construction zone that I started to do a lot of the projects myself. To be clear, I have absolutely zero background in this kind of stuff. But I read and researched a lot, I watched a lot of YouTube tutorials, and I was able to figure out what to do on some of the smaller projects. After all of these years, it feels AMAZING to finally start checking things off the list!   But my husband is a wreck over it. Every time I finish something myself, he launches into the same diatribe about how me doing this makes him feel like a fuckup. I obviously hate that he feels that way, but I'm starting to really lose patience for this cycle. Not only do I work a full-time job, do almost all of the normal household tasks, plus the renovations all by myself, but I'm feeling pressure to apologize for making him feel bad!   I don't know what to do. My expectations for his participation are pretty much nonexistent at this point, but I'm not going to wait for him forever. I guess I could just swallow my pride and "apologize", but that feels ridiculous. I understand that his ADHD makes tasks like this challenging, but soothing his hurt ego feels patronizing.  Does anyone have any experience with stuff like this? Is there a pathway forward that I'm just not seeing? To be clear, these projects are getting done whether he helps me or not - I just don't know how to get him to emotionally self-regulate a little bit! Thank you so much.
