1bfc737d4837eb001495b76ea9a9abe905dd68e347842245327a860ba714e805;;;Here's a little help for my Non-ADHD fellows;;;Hello r/ADHD_partners,  I come here many times. Even if I don't post, I come here to read your posts, so that I don't feel so alone and misunderstood at times. Sometimes I ask for help and others, I try to give my "five cents" on your posts.   Today, I came here to share with you a resource that probably most of you know already. But if you don't and this helps you as much as it helps me, then I am happy.   [How to ADHD](https://howtoadhd.com/) started as a Youtube channel, created by Jessica McCabe, who was diagnosed with ADHD as a child and has been dealing with it her all life. Me and my partner found out about her channel, after watching her Ted Talk: [Failing at Normal: An ADHD Success Story](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiwZQNYlGQI). It was actually because of this talk that my partner ended up being diagnosed with ADHD. If you have never seen it, please do.   Jessica's videos are incredibly helpful, in my opinion. First, they are very educative and, foremost, research-based. There is a lot of misinformation about ADHD out there and I honestly think she does a very good job fighting it back.   Her videos also help me on a whole other level though. As non-ADHD partners, we take on a whole lot:  it is not uncommon for us to end up taking most of the family's chores and responsibilities. Frustration, impatience and resentment build up and it is incredibly hard to not take things personally. After a while, it becomes difficult to be patient or to feel empathy for our SO because most of the times, we are the ones dealing with most of the shi#$y downsides of ADHD.   Our feelings are justified, and that is why her videos are helpful to me. Personally, having someone else openly speaking about the ADHD struggles, somehow makes me feel more generous towards my partner. Maybe it is because he himself doesn't share most of his feelings/frustrations regarding his own ADHD, I somehow find Jessica to be his voice sometimes and it becomes easier to understand his behaviour.   I am sure some of you will disagree and that is okay. Each one of us finds our own way to cope with our partner's ADHD and to fight for our relationships, with its ups and downs. I just thought that, nevertheless, this was a nice source of information to share with you and, again, if it helps one of you, as much as it helps me, then it is worth it :) Have a great day!
