1c577de525ebf5db6deb7c9e2ff15891f02f890735e7b3b94f5e97b1a71471b9;;;I, non-ADHD spouse, am really, really, reallllly struggling with my DX ADHD spouse and my marriage;;;Update: My husband and I had an amazing counselor. He began seeing her on his own to work on some of his stuff. He also saw a doctor that prescribed in Wellbutrin and Lexapro and it is the magical prescription cocktail he (and I) needed. He is upset he didn't get on medication sooner. My marriage was saved because of his willingness to get help and be on meds. I appreciate everyone's input. My husband and I got through that really rough patch and are stronger for it.  \---------  I am really struggling in my marriage. I share a lot camaraderie with others on here, and know this is a safe place to share experiences. I'm going to sum this up as best I can, so here it goes.  I have resentment. I have anger. I have sadness. And I have a lot of anxiety (recently put on anxiety meds). My dx ADHD husband became unemployed two weeks before we got married, which was in October 2018. He found part-time work in May/June of 2019 and became unemployed again due to the pandemic. He refused to take unemployment both times he became unemployed and I basically had to beg him and seek an employment attorney's advice so he would file for unemployment. I am self-employed and my business started to boom right around the time he became unemployed in late 2018. Of course this was good timing, but I effectively became the breadwinner (which I hate being) and it was the first time in my life where I could enjoy the money I made (I didn't make much starting out in business for myself at first), but this feeling of enjoying the money I make is kind of squashed with my unemployed husband and our bills. There is also an incredible imbalance because of this in our marriage. I am buried in work while he can play hours of video games each day (resentment). I forgot to mention that he would NOT discuss his unemployment and how it affected us, he'd refuse to talk about it and get short with me. I would acknowledge how difficult it must be for him and ask how I could help, yet he could not acknowledge the toll it took on me.  I do want to say my husband is trying, and I know he's trying in lots of ways (I do tell him this). But what I've come to realize is that while he had a good (ish) handle on his ADHD for him personally, yet it's affecting our marriage as we are a unit together now and I don't think he's considering how his ADHD affects our marriage. I find him to be selfish (I can list reasons), I find him dismissive of me and my needs (I can list reasons), he can have anger issues, not that I've ever felt unsafe physically, but I've certainly and often feel unsafe emotionally. This evening he asked what was on my mind. I shared, and he got defensive, basically told me I didn't remember correctly, I challenged him, and he became silent. I asked if he wanted to talk about what I brought up and he said "no" and shortly walked away and proceeded to get on a call with friends and laugh and act like everything is fine while I'm upstairs balling my eyes out feeling so unheard, so unseen, and frankly miserable in my marriage right now. I know the kind thing to do is be direct and I try, often (just like I did tonight), but am often dismissed and invalidated.  The good news is we are in counselling together and I am very grateful for that. We do not have kids, but I am terrified to have kids with him (these terrified feelings came after we were married seeing different sides to him: I'm nervous about his anger, I'm nervous about me having to be even more responsible in our relationship than I am now (I've tried to avoid the parent-child dynamic, but definitely feel it come out somewhat often, and I'm terrified that will only magnify when we become parents).  Long story short, I feel lonely. I am becoming distant to my husband. I am on anxiety medication. I am sleeping in a different room (the last few days and am crying myself to sleep each night). Our sex life is really dwindling. I think he is in denial about how we are as a couple even though I tell him I am really struggling.  Any advice (good/bad/in-between), and even encouragement would be awesome.  TLDR; I have anger, resentment and lots of anxiety in my marriage with my dx ADHD spouse. I am becoming distant out of resentment, I'm on anxiety medication, I sleep in a different room and am crying myself to sleep often, our sex life is dwindling and I think my husband is in denial even though I tell him I'm really, really struggling. We are in counseling together though.
