36a31d815fb0ca2eb7e694b12417dc6b4655b74e36887a22cafc2eca9ee57ef6;;;Her ADHD is tearing our marriage apart...;;;ME - non adhd MY WIFE - DX, currently off meds due to losing health insurance, but was on meds for the last year or so.  To start this off, I love my wife.  I feel horrible writing this, but i have to let my frustrations out or they are going to explode.  I have been with my wife for the last 8 years, since our early 20's.  We got married after a year of dating, and we have no kids.  I just.... I'm at the end of my rope.  She fixates intensely on a TV show, or scrolling through her phone for literally hours, while I sit at the other end of the couch - just staring off in silence.  Silence is easier than asking her "whatcha watchin?"  or "that sounds funny!  what happened?"  each time, I'm met with "just a stupid video."  and then she goes back to her phone.  I'm done trying.  She's been laid off because of covid since early april, and just found out her job no longer exists at her old workplace (they couldn't afford to keep her on payroll after the hit the business took) so now she's all defeated and depressed and doesn't have any idea of where or what shes going to do next.  I'm still working my 9-5 mon-fri and every night I come home to a dirty house while she's just sitting on the couch gaming or watching more stupid videos on her phone.  I swear she doesn't do a damn thing all day long.  The dogs are going crazy because she won't take them for a walk during the day.  She always says she will, and that she wants to get better about it, but nothing ever changes.  I finally got her to help me clean the house up a bit just just asking her to clean up the laundry in the back room, but instead of cleaning up the laundry, she started washing every wall with bleach and for the next week, the laundry was never touched, but the walls are now sparkling clean.  If I slightly disagree with her, she gets immediately upset and asks why im being so hostile - even if the conversation is about something like liking a character on a tv show.  Shell complain shes hungry, so we'll drive into to town and I'll try to treat her to dinner - but if I ask her to make a descion on where she wants to eat, she just covers her head with her hands and says she cant handle making a descion right now.  So I'm left to decide on a place to eat while she's now facing away from me and silently staring out the window - when it was her who was hungry in the first place, I was just being nice by bringing her out instead of cooking and creating more dishes.  Housework never gets done, and I feel like I'm married to a rebellious teen who doesn't want to do anything but play games or sit and watch TV.  I shouldn't have to nag her 5 times before i leave for work to PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE clean up a little bit while I'm gone.  This isn't about me expecting her to cook and clean, it's me getting fed up with the fact that i am working full time, while she collects unemployment and does LITTERALY NOTHING, other than what's interesting to her.  I can't take this, and I don't know what to do.  I'm at a complete loss.  I feel like my marriage is falling apart and I'm the only one willing to keep it glued together, but i'm so sick of being the glue of it.  Just once I'd like to come home to a clean house and some conversation that we both want to talk about, but instead the conversation we DO have is just her going on and on for hours about the TV shows she watched that day, getting mad when I try to talk, or interrupting me mid sentence.  I'm over it.
