38f6ddc9e6f24c412d85946d99155b419219e19bba0904a5988fe72cceaffaa1;;;I’m a DX woman;;;I wanted to give some insight into the ADHD partner. So here it goes...  I’m (27/dx) a trainee counsellor and unemployed person. When in the room with my clients, or ANYONE, I am the most attentive, curious person you will have met. That magnetic element of connection is a strong area of hyperfocus for me. But when I’m not in the room with them? It’s out of sight, out of mind. It is no reflection on my degree of love or care, but imagine those feelings are, like a flip book, flipped to the back of my mind while the next page underneath is now the only thing I see and act on. Sometimes that next page is something productive that a neurotypical person would do next, but usually it’s like,  spending hours and hours looking for my ultimate novelty bag on AliExpress because I just accidentally saw one and now I can’t stop scrolling and nothing else matters to me right then. It would be funny if it wasn’t so sad. And let me say, since being medicated, this is only MORE of a risk - because my meds help my focus but don’t tell me what to focus on so I get even MORE stuck doing the wrong thing unless interrupted. Then when that page with my feelings for someone I love flips back up, I feel just the same way as when I left off and have the impetus to act on it.  I rarely even get to choose what page is next in the flip book, and I certainly don’t get to flip through the book and prioritise and reorder the pages. Even if I tried to, my brain is mostly incapable of recognising how to rate the priority of any one thing from the next. I can know it cognitively and emotionally that, say for instance, answering your text from last month is more important than watching a 5 hour long walkthrough of a walking simulator video game I’ve never even played to get to know the intimate relations of all the characters to each other just because I saw one comment about it that made me curious and then BAM my evening is wasted on another useless rabbit hole I can’t look away from. But due the curiosity of the new thing eclipses and everything else falls away. Out of sight, out of mind. That is the rule.  It’s like, I will have washing up in my sink for a WEEK but bc of my ADHD brain, I see *past* the washing up. It has become part of the background, and no longer exists as something to alert my brain. Imagine it like when you look at something specific in the room you are in - while you look at something specific, everything around it kind of melds together in that moment, and becomes a “whole” with less defined lines around each object, because you have razor sharp focus on the one object. This is my brain on EVERYTHING. My life is a room where instead of seeing all the separate elements as what they are, separate parts that make a whole, I see the room in soft focus, except for one focused element at a time - and the focus is largely outside of my control. This means birthdays of people I love are in soft focus, it means that the things I promised I would do earlier that day are in soft focus. I might even be somewhat aware of them in my peripherals but without those clearly defined perimeters around them that stop them from becoming just a part of the background, they are at risk of becoming unnoticeable to me.  I set reminders on my phone - but because they aren’t new and interesting or randomised - they become a part of the background. I start a habit of a reminder to drink water, which sends me a notifications. On day one and two, it’s great. On day 3, I see past the notification, and no longer notice it on my phone. It’s become too normalised, and no longer captures my attention. I don’t read the notification and think “nah”, it goes off, I don’t notice what it says, I just turn it off because it’s interrupting me finding out more about the way that Pied Wagtail birds have adapted to live alongside humans and exploited our environments to get their needs met - meanwhile my washing and washing up has piled, I have assignments still due despite my uni classes ending a year ago. All I can see is how fascinating Pied Wagtails are right now.  The way that I clean is that I don’t notice what needs doing until one day I notice that I feel rubbish because my environment is a shit hole, and so I hyperfocus on cleaning for a whole day and maybe pull an all nighter. And every single time I say to myself “I will never do this again”. It’s a nightmare - I have tried a million interventions. I am now thinking I need to just accept this about myself and buy a roomba and hire a cleaner every month or two to help me keep more on top of it all. My ADHD partner doesn’t want to hire anyone to pay anyonehelp us when we move in together, because he is still in denial of the fact he can’t manage and overestimates his ability to get it done. He makes me want to claw my eyes out, so it helps me understand what you are all going through.  Every single day is a tragic tale of curiosity gone wrong. My relationships are in tatters, my placement and uni find me unreliable, I have been unemployed for over a year now and I’m struggling to complete my work for my degree. I am happy when in my little hyperfocus and devastated when I look up and see the reality of my life. The chronic underachievement, the impossibility of demonstrating reliability and consistent reachability to the people I love most, waking up to notice how my neglect of them has lead them to understandably distance from me or deprioritise me as someone important to them - but the clincher is that I love them just the same as before.  My advice to you is really to focus on your boundaries and self care. You non ADHD folks are superheros to me - you keep the world turning for all of us. Interventions that are helping me are meds - but only if I have a schedule to follow! Or as I said, I’m at risk of hyper focusing in the wrong direction. I also really benefited from counselling for 3 years. I also think that notifications are one of the best ways to remind us but they aren’t bullet proof.  You are not our micro managers, your emotional labour is so valuable and we have often failed to appreciate it appropriately. We need to take responsibility for creating systems that remind OURSELVES, and I think that getting help that outsources the tasks we suck at where possible is key for us - like getting a roomba.  Ask me anything if you like, I hope this was helpful at least. I am sorry for everything you experience due to our problems - and thank you for everything you do for your partners.
