3c398bc979c9b82d5f5bd1817f7ba4530795464231c6d74e2b8756d698b546b3;;;I shouldn’t have trusted my partner;;;My partner proposed to me last year. I gave them the task of figuring out how to apply for a marriage license. I wanted to get married this month or last and made sure to tell them.  They say that they have it figured out and that we need to go to the county office at some point to apply.  So we go in today and guess what? All applications are online only. I’m baffled. I turn to them and wonder how the hell this happened. They swear up and down that they looked at the whole website and read it closely and that it didn’t mention that at all.   I go onto the website on my phone and first thing I see is the link to apply online. I can’t understand how the heck they didn’t see it. It was right at the front of the webpage. Not to mention that this makes much more sense given the current context of the world (pandemic).  I trusted them. Maybe I was too naive to do so. Maybe I shouldn’t have left this task to them.  So, I took care of it on my phone. It took like 20 min. But now we are going to have to wait 2 months at most. I really wanted to get married this month after a year of waiting and after a total of 6 years of being together.  I’m just so upset and feeling conflicted guys. Is this an omen to not get married? Stuff like this happens all the time and all I get from them is a victim mentality. They go on and say that how useless they are and etc and what am I suppose to do with that? I was the one who was hurt here and now I’m expected to give emotional support????  I am so tired.  Edit: I thought this may be useful context but I gave the task because I’m currently in grad school. They are neither employed or in school.  Edit 2: I found a better way to express myself. I didn’t give them the task like an order it was more of a mental load type thing? Like I mentally checked myself out of looking into how to obtain a marriage license because I was too busy to do so. And I trusted/believed in my partner to do it properly since we had a discussion that they could do it. I hope this explains it better. I don’t assign tasks to my partner haha.
