42bce1dd5761168207ae442d214d1a5c96f61e424252d61e16fc9604ba335f61;;;Partner disliking the adulting choices I make for the family;;;I make the adulting choices in our family. Not because I want to, man do I not want to, but because it’s the only way they’ll ever be made. Then I do the labor associated with that choice. Then, fairly frequently, my adhd partner will come to me and let me know that he doesn’t like the choice I made. Maybe its me, but it feels like he’s pissed that I didn’t consider his side of things fully before making the choice. I try to stay calm and ask him what his alternative suggestion is. He thinks this is unreasonable. That he should be able to object without ‘having all the answers on the spot.’ Now he says he’s ‘terrified’ to voice any concerns because I’ll get visibly angry and then demand he have all the answers.   Anyone else experience this? How do you navigate this? Seriously? I want him to have a say of course - it’s our life. Our family. But it feels unfair to voice vague objections after the fact when you have no intention of doing the work that would be involved in changing the course.   Today was about us moving. Ive been the o to one organising finding a place, have found an area that I think is perfect and gotten aggressive about finding a place there, and now he’s upset that he’ll be 5 minutes further away from his friends and favorite golf courses. This happens for little things to and is just a huge issue for me. For instance, I’ll make dinner for a month and he’ll then complain that ‘we’ eat out too much and are just typical unhealthy lazy Americans (my husband is European, so this is a big insult, etc). Like, I’ll make 25 home cooked organic dinners and we’ll eat out once a week and the first time we eat out twice he’s all over how terrible ‘we’ are with cooking. When in get mad because he’s basically saying that I need to step up more (when I do kind of **everything**), he acts outraged and says that he’s aiming the comment at both of us equally. This is such BS but I’ve never been able to convince him of that.   I care about what he thinks and want him to feel free to express his opinion - but it feels completely unfair to shoulder me with all the responsibility and then complain about how I take care of it.   Please tell me some of you have found ways to address this? Because it’s been 8 years and I’ve tried every thing I can think of.   Thanks for reading.
