4773e3d5162ee39ccd933719ee33f30428aaded34087a146686415360f61ac20;;;"No, you can do that yourself";;;As I am learning and growing as a non-ADHD spouse, I'm identifying ways in which over 20 years I have enabled my SO (dx 6 months ago, starter dose of Straterra 6 months ago, therapy but no behavior therapy). One of those things is reminding him of things he needs to do or when he needs to get up in the morning to make sure he gets to work on time.  I set my boundary and am STICKING TO IT. I am not his mother. He is not my responsibility. He has to learn to take responsibility and do things for himself.   I won't be reminding him or asking him if he called his (extremely enabling and guilting) mother on her birthday this week.  My SO made the biggest deal out of driving 15 hours (yes...15) to surprise his elderly, health fragile mother on her birthday. I didn't remind him that with his line of work (he is a physicians assistant in a busy hospital) that maybe traveling during a pandemic to hot spot areas while living in a hot spot and seeing up to 7 positive COVID patients per day was a bad idea. SO's idea was completely impulsive, and while it came from a good place, not a good idea when you have an elderly mother and 2 small children at home with a F/T working spouse the week before Christmas. "But she would love it!" he said. Yes, she would. Would she love the potential exposure? Would I or the kids love him up and leaving during a pandemic that stretches us all thin right before the holidays? There was zero concern for childcare or anyone's health-it was what he wanted to do. It took his father and brother telling him NO and giving him the reasons why to deter him. The over under on him forgetting to even call her is relatively high considering he makes no effort to do more than send a few texts or sometimes call his family, however I've always been accused of being isolating. (It is never his fault. Nothing ever is and if he is told his impulsive ideas or situations that he has responsibility in are negative, defeatism, self-loathing, etc come pouring out.)  Thursday night he was up late working on a few things (good!) and at bed time asked me to make sure he was awake early so he would have time to shower and get to the hospital clinic in time to see his 7 a.m. patient. I looked at him and said "No, you can do that yourself." When I say he got very angry and compartmentalized...ohhhhh boy. It literally turned him from being tired and ready for bed to lying awake for God knows how long because I fell asleep. The next morning he was distant, cold, and said very few words and gave me the most insincere hug. So I essentially was being punished for making him take responsibility.   I do not care. Do the work or don't but I cannot parent this 40-something man anymore and refuse. I am not going to change him and don't seek to do so. If he wants behavior therapy and a meds adjustment, he needs to see the value in it and do it for himself. The issue being is he thinks things are fine and that this is as good as it gets. He doesn't get it. Everything is an insult or attack. He buries the resentment and keeps shuffling along.   I'm holding my ground.
4773e3d5162ee39ccd933719ee33f30428aaded34087a146686415360f61ac20;;;DAE ADHD partner rather insistent about things of their interest being your interest?;;;This drives me bananas.   My SO will be doing something or have an idea and then he will carry through with whatever it is (sometimes). He will then insist on a rather compulsive basis that I also be involved in whatever is he is doing/wants to do etc. Whether it is a business idea or fitness or project or trip idea or restaurant he saw driving down the road - he seems like he has an internal motor that drives him and straight at me.   I had been working all day and have a chronic health issue that is flaring up. I was also doing holiday preparation while working and mitigating my last minute to do list when I noticed I just felt icky and was swelling. I asked my partner to come check me out quick (he is a PA) and his response after glancing at me? Go for a walk. Go use the treadmill.  (Yes, I'm aware from a medical standpoint I should be exercising but Jesus Christ I could say we are out of milk and he would bring up something about the treadmill)    He has been on this kick for a few weeks now. No matter what I communicate about stress or my health or even if it is just as simple as "I have a lot to do but better go shower first", SO will bring up *something* about the treadmill or how I should work out because that's what he is currently focused on. A few weeks ago it was Minecraft. Weeks before that it was starting a business for UV light sanitation. I could keep going but he gets literally obsessed and makes sure he brings it up in almost every conversation.   God forbid I get enough after the compulsive bringing up his idea for the moment and say "No that's not happening/not doable/etc" because he immediately retreats and becomes sullen and pops off with "I'll never mention it again" and it is just so over the top dramatic. I'm not rejecting him. I'm telling him that whatever he is obsessed with at the moment isn't the answer to all of my problems.   The working out one is particularly embarrassing for me as I'm aware I've gained weight and I am rightfully sensitive about it. He is aware of this fact. It doesn't seem to deter him from making sure he mentions how I need to workout. It is just not ok. I wouldn't do that to someone. I'm wondering if he doesn't see his own behavior or thinks he is helpful or doesn't understand that while I appreciate his sharing, he gets down right obsessed with making sure whatever he is doing or wants to do, then that's what I should do too.  Edit: thanks for the down vote. We wouldn't want anyone to learn anything or just move along if they didn't like my post.
