4dae3e360c217bfa0193ec571e1552769fea2486a5046466b6a738025916dbca;;;I have ADHD, this is how we manage to massively improve my partner's quality of life;;;... and mine too.  I always had ADHD but got diagnosed only last year at 38 years old and I take medication. I'm a man, my partner is a man as well, we live together for 9 years and got married 2 years ago.  The diagnostic in itself helped a lot. I understood how my brain works, my husband realised that I was not disrespectful or immature. It really helped decrease guilt and resentment for both of us.  The treatment helped for our relationship as well, I can finally give him most of my attention when he's talking to me.  But there is still one recurrent problem: my monologues. This is how we solved it.  Too many things are happening in my head and I actually enjoy having those prolific thoughts, it's even part of what he loves in me: curiosity, creativity, enthusiasm, sincere naive amazement about so many things... but I need to constantly empty my brain of those thoughts like if I needed to make room for more, and I tend to do it in his hears.  Solutions:  * Awareness: Acknowledging that I have that need helped me to learned to make the difference between what I really want to share with him because I know that it's a topic that he will be interested in, and what I actually just need to vent out. The latter is recognizable by my interest in his feedback. Do I care about what he will have to say about this?  Or am I just hoping that he will get as enthusiast as I am about learning about this topic but it will probably not be the case? * Meditation: mindfulness is helping me a lot to note what I'm doing and take control, but also to unload those thoughts. * Other Alternative ways to empty my brain: having walks recording memo voice notes on my phone. I heard about people who have ADHD friends and willingly do that by talking with each other. * but the most important of all, the one that had the biggest impact on the quality of life of both of us, but especially his, is **BLUNT REMINDERS**.  When I start a monologue, I'm listening to my own voice. If the reminder is not obvious enough, it does not work so much. It really needs to be a blunt, very direct statement. The blunter, the better.  A big condition for this to work is CONSENT. Se we did that in three steps:  1. explain how it makes us feel, so we can both have empathy for each other.    1. He feels exhausted when I repetitively do monologues. He also has a lot to share with me and feels like my monologues are taking all the space. He sometimes needs silence to think or to rest. It's overwhelming and exhausting. He feels used as a tool. The monologues do not feel like sharing anyway because it's a one-way conversation. But at the same time, he also cares a lot about me, and know that I need it and he is afraid to offend me or hurt my feelings. Also, I don't always accept easily when he needs a break, because it makes me feel rejected and he finds it unfair, but at the same time, he has compassion because he hates to make me feel rejected.    2. I feel the need to vent my thoughts, I want to share everything that I get excited about in the hope to share the excitement. When I do it, I typically have a kind of second thought effect just after, which makes me feel like shit because I realise that I lost control again and it makes me feel like I'm not an interesting person, because I talk way too much. 2. Accept that both our well being matter.    1. He should not sacrifice his own sanity and well-being for me. It's normal to be overwhelmed, and to need to say "STOP!". It's OK to not always be in the mood for patience and diplomacy. He is allowed to be fed-up and to need a break. He should not feel guilty about that. His thoughts are as important as mines. He is entitled to my attention, he deserve it and can claim it when he needs to talk. It's also OK to not always be able to help me. Its should be both ways, I also have to help him.    2. I should not be ashamed of my need to unload my thought, I'm not doing it because I don't care about him. I'm not selfish. It's not my fault. Even if I have alternative ways to cope with that need, it's OK to sometimes fail to keep the control. I should not feel guilty when it's happening, it's OK to need help to notice/realize when it's happening. 3. Agree on the blunt reminders    1. He's allowed to stop me anytime in a very blunt way. The bluntness is helpful. But even if it was not helpful, he's allowed to not be in the mood. There is no resentment to my lack of control, nor fear to offend me.    2. I commit to not be offended, there is no resentment to the bluntness, nor guilt for the lack of control. I know that he loves me and that he cares about my well-being as much as I care about his.  Here are a few examples of blunt reminders depending on my partner's mood of the moment:  * "Hey, hey, STOP. you talk too much. I'm tired, it's not nice" * "Honey, your word count for today is nearly over, it's my turn to talk now" * "Hey honey, you're literally vomiting your thoughts in my face right now, and that's not cool. I'm not enjoying it" * "Stop, you're doing it again. Stop and listen to your breath for a minute, think about what you really want to SHARE with me and if it really cannot wait, I will give you 2 more minutes of my attention, but after that, I want to have some me-time, OK?" * "Hey, I love you, but what about you shut the f\*ck up right now and give me a long silent hug? I need that" * "OK, you entered in monologue mode, is there anything that I really need to know? I don't necessarily need to be alone or anything, but stop talking at me and start talking with me" * \[Make a "call for time-out" hand signal\] and \[leave the room\] or \[take his coat and go for walk without saying a word\].  Not only it improved both our quality of life, but it also decreased the recurrence of the monologues. Because most of the time I cannot unload my thoughts that way anymore, my brain got used to using the alternative ways in priority.  Also, my husband feel more respected (it feels good to share how he feels and that I'm not offended). and understood, I also feel understood and we both feel more loved than ever.  tl:dr: I often enter in monologue mode, it's exhausting for my partner. We agreed that he can bluntly stop me and I will not be offended. The blunter, the better. That symptom decreased and even when it still happens, the bluntness helps both of us. We are both much happier.
