4eb30c831fc78835804d6d6d168e6573adcfc1f3b1c3812d489b920e88fd9eda;;;I can’t do it anymore.;;;The pandemic has been affecting everyone. My mental health is not great and I’ve been feeling depressed. I’m far away from my family and I feel incredibly guilty. I realise this makes me very sensitive and there is a risk of overreacting. But yesterday I reached a breaking point and I don’t know how to proceed.   I spoke to my partner (diagnosed with DX) about three weeks ago about getting something sent over from his parents who live in the same country but many hours away. It’s winter equipment that we’d been talking about wanting here for months. Over the past few weeks every couple of days I would ask if he had spoken to his dad about sending it here. As you can imagine he would avoid giving a direct answer. He had reached out and fair enough his dad didn’t seem to sense any urgency.   Yesterday I said look it’s been three weeks, last thing you heard was your dad saying he hadn’t sent the stuff yet. Could you please call him and ask if there are any issues? Winter is coming, my vacation is coming, life is very restricted as it is and I’d love to have the gear here.   He got defensive, accused me of pressuring him, why was I so pushy. And I just lost it. I felt tears coming and I said that I was feeling like shit 90 % of the time and that I was struggling. And all I was asking for was taking care of having the equipment shipped (that he wants here too) and I said why does it take three weeks and me following up 8 times to get this sorted.   I left the room and apparently he organised for the gear to be shipped today as his dad sent the tracking number.   Why does it always have to come to this? Why do I have to be almost at a breaking point for my partner to do what he has said he would do for weeks. It is so hard and I don’t know how much more of this I can take.   He’s unmedicated and he does not want to try medication because he had horrible side effects (depression) from Adderall and Ritalin throughout his youth.   I‘m just at a loss. I understand that it’s a tough time for everyone and that Covid is a struggle for so many relationships. But I don’t know how to make this easier for either of us.
