5accf0b1ffd0a8047866b691a142a9e85191881dfe4b2f7355229d3ebe1ba31d;;;My ADHD partner lowkey caused me to have low self esteem// I'm sorry. ADHD sucks;;;I dated a guy who had ADHD for almost 6 months. I wanted to understand him better to help him and our relationship. But all the time I spent reading articles, listening to podcasts and spending hours on the internet. I didn't realize the strain the relationship was causing me. Toward the end of our relationship I realized a lot of things that were not right. His emotions were all over the place, he had no patience at all, he was constantly distracted and finding something new to distract himself with. In the end, he told me that his love for me wasn't constant. He felt it sometimes but not every time. I have read about people who have ADHD usually over analyze everything about their new partner and it was so true. He told me things about myself that no one ever told me and it made me self conscious and caused me to watch everything I did. The last month we were dating it was very emotional. I now see that he was just confused on what to do with our relationship and he felt stuck. He told me a lot of truths toward the end that sort of stung but I'm over them now. He decided that we should take a break and I agreed, we could clear our minds and come back together. We ended up breaking up a few days later.   After we broke up there was a month of us texting on and off but it was awkward. I felt like we were both trying to hold on but we couldn't commit. Or well he couldn't. I wanted to try and date again but he was constantly changing his mind each week. To this day I still wonder if he regrets us breaking up or not.   I am doing much better than I was in the beginning but it for sure sucked. He wasn't patient and I'm someone who can be too patient. It was a disaster waiting to happen. There was nothing wrong with him and I don't want to blame ADHD. I just hope that he finds the right person because I was not it and that sucks but whatever.   My advice to everyone dating someone who has ADHD. You both need to want to work for your relationship. It doesn't work if one person is trying to make it work and the other isn't that interested. Also read up on it. It helps a lot. Hope everyone is doing well and staying safe.
