655f9b67a368c86381476d277af683c74c57c3b219618c6b82c4bab693c1eb98;;;Exhausted wife with ADHD husband - I'm New to this group;;;hi everyone, I'm glad I found this group. I'm a 33 yr old female married to 40 yr old husband (dx ADHD in childhood). we've  been together for 12 years, married for 5. While my husband has made a lot of progress in his therapy, I'm still so exhausted and I feel like I go back and forth between some days loving him more than anything,  and some days feeling like I can't stand him. it's really hard and I don't feel like I can talk to anyone that would understand.   In my opinion,  his ADHD is pretty severe and is very hyperactive. When he does manage to sit down and focus, he's always super irritable and restless afterwards.  i can literally count the number of days in 12 years that  he's stayed home an entire  day (even throughout 2020!). He always wants to get out of the house, and can't ever just relax, and will annoy the sh*t out of me until he gets his way (to go do something outside or go somewhere).  it's very contrary to my personality and drives me crazy after a long day at work.. He absolutely  refuses to take any ADHD medication,  since he had really bad experiences in childhood and was very overmedicared for ADHD and PTSD. I understand that, but I'm also feeling angry and frustrated that he won't even talk to a doctor about it or consider it.   we met in college 12 yrs ago where we both were very driven and academically successful, and  that was part of what I loved about him. Fast forward to now, and I've been in my career for 10 years and he's been in and out of jobs, not progressing with his goals or career, I've been supporting us financially for 6 years now. This year he's now in a promising job, but I had to cry, beg, plead for 2 years for him to get the motivation to get that job. i definitely have  resentment about that.   I'm just overall so tired and worn out. I'm tired of the mental and emotional energy I constantly have to expend to manage everything in our household. I'm tired of not being able to have peace and relax in my own home when he's there. I'm tired of the constant cleaning,  messes, and picking up after him. I'm angry and frustrated that he won't even consider medication that might help him immensely. Thank you for listening, I appreciate it!
