661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;All or nothing;;;My ADHD wife of 14 years frequently gets stuck in all or nothing mentalities.  It's gotten that way with parenting.  She is miserable and keeps talking about how she wants to be able to do art (btw, she's an artist).  I LOVE that she's an artist and wants to do art.  The problem is that she seems to not be able to do art unless she rents an expensive studio space, and is locked away in the solitude of her off site studio for 8-10 hours a day.  If she can't give her hyper focus for extended time and uninterrupted, then she just can't do it.   If she can't be creative, then she HATES her life and becomes resentful towards me and the kids as we are the reason she can't be the person she wants to be.     But she's a stay at home mom of two small children and I am the only income provider of the house.  I work from home right now, but I have to work, not do child care to afford her the time away from home to do it.  In too if that, the times in the past that she has been able to work on art, she can't do anything because she becomes paralyzed with a host of other mental and emotional blocks.  I keep asking her to help find a middle ground, but she either can't or won't.  She just stays stuck in this mental loop of everything and everyone else in her life telling her she can't.  She is constantly miserable, dealing with extreme anxiety, and on the verge of panic attacks at all time.  The fact we are living in a pandemic makes all if this q million times worse.  I'm not sure if I'm asking advice, or just getting this off my chest....  I don't know how our marriage survives this.
661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;I can't be my wife's therapy;;;My wife has OCD as well as ADHD. It's a tough combo to handle as a neurotypical spouse.    We just purchased a house, moved, and helped myom move in with us.  As you can expect, this has triggered a lot of her OCD issues.  No matter what I do, I can't unpack and organize correctly. For those familiar with OCD, it is typically treated with exposure therapy. That is a process that is anxiety and panic attack inducing at it easiest. I feel like everything I do is an exposure therapy to my wife. She had a melt down in the car in the Chipotle parking lot tonight and she kept trying to pin the issue on me.  Help.  I can't find any resources on both OCD and ADHD. I can find one or the other, but nothing relating to the pairing. Help me please.  Right now, everything I do is resulting in break downs, panic attacks, and fights, and she always trust to pin it back on me.  I feel like an abused spouse that is being told that I wouldn't get hit so much if I didn't act this way. (I'm not being physically abused)  I feel broken.
661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;Advice needed - communication;;;My wife (diagnosed within the last couple of years and medicated) continually tells me she HATES how distant I am and it's hurtful. She keeps telling me that she wants me to tell her about my feelings. Then I try to tell her about my pain, and about the damage her constant emotional swings and intense outbursts do.  I tell her about how hurt, and ignored I've felt for 14 years now. I try to tell her that just because I'm NT, it doesn't mean I've got it all figured out, and I'm processing through what her diagnosis means at the same time she is, just in a different way.  I tell her about the types of hurtfully things she says, and then be tell her how she could say them differently to get her point across without being hurtful. I tell her I'm just looking for her to acknowledge how I feel without trying to explain it away or invalidate it.  EVERY TIME I have tried explaining my feelings she gets defensive, tries to explain why what I feel isn't accurate because she wasn't trying to hurt me, and then tells me she's confused, because what I say doesn't make sense.    I'm a teacher and a communicator for a living. Why is it that my spouse is the one person who can't ever understand what I'm saying?  Am I not as good at communicating as I thought?  Is she incapable of actually understanding my view point?  Is this a lost cause?  It sure feels like it.
