6f1851e17002c89f373f219a2eb2eeec40da44f432445702428108339c12ec1b;;;What is lack of empathy vs. lack of social awareness?;;;Hi there. My partner and I have been married for 6 years and he's been treated for ADHD for the last 9. He takes meds and has worked with a therapist in the past, currently doing a more self-help type approach. My question is about responding to hurtful or thoughtless behavior that is ADHD related, and what are reasonable expectations for behavior given that he has a disability. Some examples:  1. My partner has issues integrating information that get worse when there is a lot of distractions or stress. He covers for this often by using rote phrases as responses, and it's obvious to me that he's not actively listening. For example, we were at a somewhat loud bar with several TVs.  My partner kept getting distracted by the TVs and at one point said "that's cool, man!" in response to his friend talking about how their father was having some serious medical issues. I said something like "wait, did you say that your dad needed surgery...?" and my partner snapped to attention and said something like "oh sorry I misheard, is your dad ok?" 2. Sometimes he struggles to speak clearly in stressful situations and it causes conflicts to escalate. Example: I asked him to help secure some shelving that was unsteady. In the process of doing so he knocked one of my plants off the shelf and the pot broke. When I came over and asked if he needed help, he gave me confusing instructions ("Hold the thing over there"), and when I didn't respond how he wanted he got short tempered with me.  I then got really upset with him because I was still processing that my plant was damaged and then he's there yelling at me because HE can't communicate effectively. 3. He can be excessively self-focused. He will talk at length about things he cares about without gauging whether others have lost interest or if he's monopolizing the conversation. He complains bitterly about how bad other drivers are and then does the exact same things himself (example: he gets annoyed when people take too long to pull out of parking spots because they're on their phone, but then will do the same thing). He will have days where he is mostly complaining to me about the same things he finds annoying (drivers, our crappy public transit system, capitalism, etc) and I have to interrupt and tell him "you've just complained about five different things in a row, maybe we could talk about positive things for a while?" It's like negativity is so self-stimulating that he doesn't see/care how draining I find it even though I've told him many times. 4. He doesn't take negative feedback well. For example he keeps forgetting to shut off the stove, I've nicely asked him to be more mindful at least half a dozen times. Well, recently he forgot the stove was on and accidentally put some fabric on the burner and it got burned. Later I tried to talk to him more seriously to ask "what can we do to help you remember when the stove is on?"  He had no suggestions. I offered that a red light comes on when a burner is on and maybe he could pay attention to that. He claimed to have never noticed this light (plausible) but then speculated it was broken (it isn't) and asked me to stop pressing the issue. I told him it's a safety issue and I have a right to express my concerns and worries to him. Why is it so hard to say "Sorry, I'll pay attention to whether the light is on next time"?   I feel like I'm constantly setting boundaries or redirecting behavior, like "if this bar is too distracting for you to hear what's being said, let's relocate" or "please don't yell at me when you just broke my plant" or "you've hit your complaining quota for the day so let's move on" or "I am worried your behavior is unsafe and will not 'just drop it' because I am entitled to my feelings and concerns."   I think this makes him resent me for "correcting" him all the time (hello rejection sensitive dysphoria).  I just don't know what the alternative is. I think ideally he would get some sort of occupational therapy for adults with ADHD but the few centers around us don't take his insurance. I have been encouraging him to get some sort of therapy especially to learn to respond better to negative feedback and he says he's open to it and then doesn't do any follow up.
