78b84e977f4680ea082641c270b3ba95b69137fdd092455ea5bfa12fe78160d8;;;How to handle feeling alone and disconnected from partner with ADD?;;;I can feel really disconnected from my partner, especially when I'm feeling down. I've had a rough couple of years  (burnout at my PhD, chronic migraines, PhD supervisor passing away, mom diagnosed with cancer, ...) and am going to therapy. It is very difficult for my bf to listen to me. He can often make me feel like I'm nagging on about things, taking too much "space" and leaving no spacefor him. For example, one time I had a bad day at work and he promised I could talk about it in the car to my moms. Halfway through my story without having given any other reaction to anything I said, he asked whether it was "his turn" to talk about his day. I was already pretty emotional and was aobviously offended. He then responded with "okay, I can see you have no space for me", making me feel bad as if I'd been selfish and nagging him the whole time. Most of the time when I'm talking, he will not respond, and he will be busy doing other things. Whenever I question whether he's listening, he'll just repeat what I said without giving any other kind of response. This makes me feel incredibly alone with the issues I'm dealing with. Ironically, one of the issues I'm dealing with in therapy is that I feel the people in my environment don't really care about me, so the way he's acting really hits home.  On top of that, he doesn't seem to want to spend time with me. He likes to be by himself and spends a lot of his time gaming. I like to keep busy. Most of the things I like to do, he doesn't want to do. I feel like I have to do most of the things I truly want to do by myself. If I am able to convince him to spend time together, more than one thing per weekend is "too much". When I confront him, he mostly says things like "we went for a walk last week". I'm tired of having to beg for his attention and always feeling like the needy one, while he doesn't seem to care whether he sees me or not.  The last two weeks have been particularly difficult. I'm starting trauma therapy, which also means talking about the traumatic events (and thinking about them between sessions). My therapist said to "warn" my boyfriend that I could get emotional. His response was "so the same as always then". I kind of gave up trying to talk to him, since every time I tried his response was quite hurtful. When I confront him with how I've been feeling, his response is that I'm also not talking about it (while I feel that when I try, he just doesn't want to here it). At the same time, he's been deep into the release of a new game. He might come down to watch TV with me once a night, but only if I'm not watching anything yet (and ofcourse he doesn't want to talk when we're watching TV).  Does this sound familiar to anyone? How do you cope?
