7e6e9f58d45b4d63daef4f7e6e15aa86d940427f1bd381f4026be4bfaaa4f53d;;;I’m just exhausted;;;My husband displays anger so easily. I’ll ask an innocuous question and he’ll huff, snap, and move with tense anger, like I’m doing him some horrible slight and he is just beyond aggravated with me for daring to interrupt. I get to be afraid to even say anything at all. The reaction can alarm me sometimes, if he’s particularly worked up, but mostly just feel so unfair.   What makes me most exhausted is having to prove that it even happened. I will try to calmly say, hey, I only asked you if xyz, you don’t need to respond that way. I usually get interrupted before I even finish saying this, and he’ll condescendingly/irritably/contemptuously say that that he’s not doing anything to me. The tone varies on the day, and this is the part that really launches the problems — it bothers me so much.   It’s hard to explain just how unpleasant he can be, because it’s not necessarily in what he says but in how he says it, how he embodies anger and frustration in his body and voice. It makes it hard for me to prove that I’m not just crazy when I take issue, or ask him to change his demeanor.  I would say most of our fight aren’t about even the irritable response, but center instead on my frustration trying to even get acknowledgement that something did actually happen. I feel like all I’m ever saying is either to say that he can’t talk to me that way, or crying/screaming because he won’t even acknowledge that he did.   I’m so sick of saying that I don’t want to be spoken to this way. I’m so sick of saying something has to change.  We just had this exact thing play out in the middle of the day, and I just fucking snapped. I was ugly, I was screaming. Every time I was just trying to get through one sentence he would interrupt to tell me I was being crazy, give me a “whatabout” in regards to his behavior when I’m clearly the one being inappropriate. I’m not proud of it, but with each interruption I would only scream more, lose control more — just so fucking desperate to even finish what I was saying without being interrupted and invalidated.  Things escalated and escalated and escalated, me more and more desperate to just have him acknowledge that he reacted with anger to a simple question, him interrupting to demean me or paint me as off the rails or contemptuously ask, “Are you aware that other people in your life might sigh in your presence?” as if that’s what I was upset about. He even threw in a, “are you getting your period?”  And he’s right, I wasn’t behaving calmly. But I genuinely have no more bandwidth to not just be spoken to that way, but to be told that I’m going psycho over “breathing sounds” or “blinking” — when I swear to god *I swear to god* that is NOT how he was comporting himself.   I told him he had to get meds or get therapy but of course because I was positively unhinged and yelling when I said it all he had to do was look me up and down and say, “Yeah, same.”   I feel so unheard. Like I’m screaming into a void and all that comes back are demeaning rejoinders invalidating my experience. I don’t want this to be the end but I’m turning into someone I don’t want to be. I’m so frustrated I don’t know how to even hold it in. I am so angry, and I feel like I’ll never get acknowledged — I just have to keep swallowing it while he tells me it isn’t real. I don’t think I can handle this.   TL;DR: Freetext rant because I can’t fucking handle this any more and I need to say it to someone who won’t interrupt or put me down
