84b092a74c893856090b235932d3786b0edfe145bc6592b8414deca6870484dd;;;RSD and Household Chores;;;I'm really shaken and discouraged by this. I've always taken on the brunt of the housework without really thinking about it, and in the past couple of years have been gently trying to get my partner (34, DX in childhood) on board. He does his own laundry now but rarely shared laundry like towels and linens, takes out the trash and scoops the cat box when it gets bad, and will do a sink of dishes maybe once a month if I beg and remind him to the point of a fight.   I don't think he's ever wiped a counter, cleaned the bathroom, grocery shoped, cleaned the fridge, or swept and mopped in the entire time we've lived together (3 years). He also has the habit of leaving piles of mail, unfinished projects with dozens of tiny screws, and dirty dishes and empty drink cans on every surface.   Some days I come home and want to cry seeing the counter where I have to cook dinner covered in cans, dirty dishes, mail, tools, etc and knowing I have to clean all of that before making dinner and cleaning that too. If I ask for help he tells me to relax and he'll do it, but he often forgets and we move on with our day or leaves to help a friend with a project. I can't relax in a messy house, and I want to enjoy the home I'm working to pay for.   We have tried everything - lists, reminders, splitting chores up. In the morning, I write everything I'm going to get done that day on a whiteboard in the kitchen, then send him a few reminders through the day while I'm at work asking for help knocking some off. This past week, I did just that and came home from work to find nothing done, but his home office totally rearranged. I honestly didn't mind - it's a big project for him and I'm so happy he has a nice workspace to concentrate in.   So while he got a little work done before our show and dinner, I tackled the to-do list. He called out that I didn't have to do all of it, but I've heard that so many times before and I just wanted it done. It took me maybe 45 minutes. I knocked on his door to see if there were any towels he wanted me to throw in the laundry towards the end, and he blew up at me, yelling that I was making too much noise while he was trying to work, that he was going to help clean, and why couldn't I just fucking sit down and relax?   I cried. I can't help it. I cry when I get yelled at and I felt awful for disrupting him. I didn't know I was being loud. He sighed and said we should just 'go do our own things tonight' and asked me why I always have to cry. I felt completely lost. I still don't know what to do. Certain chores have to be done every day or every week, and I can't wait until he gets around to it. I don't mind doing more of the chores, but I don't want to be yelled at for doing them. Is this RSD or do I just need to get out? Is there any way to work on this?   Edited for typos and to clarify the end.
