8ac7132f6cfd873d647cb30ffc0480fa5492e8388601880cfa0a609a791d2fd1;;;The end of the struggle;;;I’ve been the partner of an undiagnosed/unmedicated ADHD man for 12 years. Our marriage was riddled with symptoms of ADHD in a relationship: parent/child dynamic, resentment on my part, addiction/denial/deflection/blame shifting/RSD on his part.   After researching our issues and realizing that we ticked 10/10 boxes, I started working on my response to the symptoms of ADHD in a relationship. I tried every way I could imagine to get through to him. We got a counselor. I ate a bunch of shit for a very long time in a desperate attempt to make it work.  Fast forward to 1.5 months ago when I find out that he’s been having an affair. He wants to end our marriage for an online affair with a childhood friend (she’s married) and proceeds to discard me. He immediately begins a full on relationship with this woman. True to form, he does everything he wants without any consideration for the consequences of his behavior.  Now, he’s made every boneheaded decision he could possibly have made. I’m no longer cleaning up behind him, and he’s strung himself up in a fault state. He’s in a hole and digging deeper.   My friends have commented on how freakishly calm I’ve been and how it’s scary how well I’m handling this. In truth, it’s like the boot that’s been on my head has been lifted and I’m finally able to come up for air. Having the end of this relationship forced upon me has been the single best thing to have happened to me in years.   All this to say: sometimes a failed relationship isn’t actually a failure. I gave everything I could, and the relief I feel now is like a reward. I feel lighter than air, and I can feel my happiness returning as the resentment melts away. If you’re with someone who refuses to acknowledge the effect ADHD is having on your relationship, know that to end it doesn’t mean the end of you.  I am happy, and now I feel like I can leave this subreddit. Thank you to all of you who have shared your experiences. May the direction you choose be the one that leads to your happiness.
