913be67a7d9adc527abc54454a72429bdb7fde307da24e25ae3fa299093e580c;;;Is item blindness a thing?;;;I think my husband is blind to "his" stuff and overly aware of mine.   When we first moved in together he'd go on regular rants on how much "stuff" I had. That everywhere he'd look was my things. Granted, I brought in a lot more furniture and kitchen items into the relationship, but beyond that I didn't see an overabundance of my things in the space. I reduced what I did have or and got rid of some of the unneeded items since it seemed to bother him so much. I regret some of the items I've tossed, but he still seems to think I have too much stuff and need to get rid of it.    He's also had moments where he's been frustrated with me leaving (in his words) trash everywhere that he needs to clean up, junk just sitting out in his way, etc. I've been trying to be really conscious of this and making sure I put items in their home when I'm done with it. I constantly feel like I'm just a slob and a horrible housekeeper because I can't seem to keep it clean enough for him.   Well, with the pandemic I'm off work so I decided to do some deep spring cleaning. What I've discovered: our kitchen table is unusable because it's COVERED in his things. 100% of the items on there are his. He has a tendency to hoard paper towels and napkins and leave them everywhere. I picked up 6 so far today. He has over 8 pairs of headphones. He has a pile of "future projects" just sitting in the office space that have no home. Everywhere I look is piles and piles of papers, electronics, project bits, etc etc. But he doesn't see any of it. He just sees my stuff, my messes.   Is this an ADHD thing? Any tips on how to approach this?
913be67a7d9adc527abc54454a72429bdb7fde307da24e25ae3fa299093e580c;;;I don't know how I can keep on like this;;; I've just had an incredibly rough two weeks, having to leave my job due to some very shady shit and then finding out a chronic illness I thought I had finally gotten under control is definitely not - in the process having to be hospitalized for the worst pain I have ever experienced. I had major life-altering surgery for this 6 months ago that I still haven't fully processed, and there is literally nothing left that can be done... If it doesn't resolve itself (which sadly is unlikely) I face longterm pain and disability.    Now, my DXed, non-medicated husband is passive-aggressively sniping and countering everything I say, laughing at me, and just showing outright animosity.  Oh, and it's my fault he's behaving this way. Cause he's stressed, too, but doesn't want to share what he's stressed out about. Because he had to witness me in pain and couldn't fix it, and so he feels useless. Because I ask for attention.   Apparently asking to be held, to be cuddled, or to be touched INVALIDATES those actions he may have actually been about to do, because now they don't seem motivated by him. And since that's how he thinks, that MUST be how I think, as that is all he has to go on... Oh, except for the fact that I have said outright that I DON'T think that way. But it doesn't matter what I've told him - his way of interpreting things is the only way.   Right now I feel like he doesn't even like me, let alone love me. I feel like I'm making his life worse just being here. I feel like he's miserable because of me and me alone. I'm at the point where I can't express anything anymore. I'm either wrong in what I feel, or what I'm asking for, or what I'm seeing. I can't seem to get anything right. I'm just an inconvenience to him. But then he'll flip and suddenly I'm the most amazing woman who he can't believe graces him with my presence. Who he adores with all his heart and would do anything for.   I can't take the flipping, the assumptions, and the passive-aggressiveness anymore. I don't know what to do.
