96819be240c6caec02d516f3279b0482f0fe89c0757f2f1b55c7d4452825f500;;;How to get him to stop deflecting blame about cleanliness onto me?;;;I talk to my ADHD (unmedicated) partner respectfully and try not to use blaming/nagging tones, make it clear that I don’t care if it’s perfect. But regardless, any time I bring up an issue he will deflect by saying I do the same thing. For example leaving dishes on the counter instead of the empty dishwasher, or putting items away after using them. Instead of a simple “Sure I can try doing that”, he immediately says something like “But you do the same thing. I pick up after you the same amount and you don’t always put away your dishes right away”.  He doesn’t see that me very occasionally leaving an item out and putting it away an hour or two later is different than him leaving every single item he used out, not putting away dishes, not cleaning the counters, and leaving some items on counters for over a week or until I remind him? Why do I have to be perfect in order for him to acknowledge an issue? I feel like I can’t talk to him about anything without him playing the “well you do that too sometimes!” card. So it feels like nothing changes. I can’t be perfect and don’t want to get into “evidence collecting mode” just to justify how I feel but it feels like that’s the only way he might listen.  Has anyone else experienced this type of thing? Anyone resolved it? I feel like I’ve tried to be as healthy at communicating as I possibly can through therapy and reading and I’m tired by getting nowhere.
96819be240c6caec02d516f3279b0482f0fe89c0757f2f1b55c7d4452825f500;;;Makes it my responsibility to watch out for the hazards he leaves around the house;;;As soon as I bring up the fact that he needs to put items away and not leave them in dangerous places he immediately goes to “you should check your surroundings before you do things. I always check my surroundings everywhere I go”. Yes that’s true, it’s a good idea and I am working on this. But then why is it so hard to check your surroundings and put things away after using them?     Leaving stuff on the floor in the hallway, leaving random flammable things on top of the stove (such as dishcloths) or inside the oven (plastic bowls), or just straight up leaving elements on, leaving laptops on chairs and blankets where I’m likely to sit. Leaving shoes right in the doorway. If I wanted to trip over things all day I would have got a cat. And every time I knock something over with my feet that he left, he acknowledges he needs to do better for 2 seconds before lecturing me on  how I need to watch my surroundings. Yes I agree checking my surroundings is good practice, but I can’t anticipate every thing you’re doing to leave lying in a ransom spot and don’t want to spend my life constantly on the lookout for hazards.   Does anyone else experience this?
