9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Stopped being the calendar reminder person and feeling guilty;;;He has missed several important things since I stopped managing his schedule by reminding him of upcoming activities. I am focusing on the activities that affect my life and letting him realize he needs to figure out a better way to remember his own schedule. I am feeling guilty and just wanted to post here since I'm sure someone out there can relate. I just helped him start a new planner app, he's got home automation he can use, he can use a paper notebook. He has many resources available to him. I feel that my assistance has been taken for granted and barely appreciated. In fact he decides randomly that I am controlling him vs helping him control himself. I'm tired of it and rather than resent being overwhelmed I've just given this task back. I just wish I didn't feel guilty but he is a grown ass man and he can do this himself. How did you cope with a transition to handing more responsibility back to your partner? I'm trying to get out of the parent child dynamic. He's not good at collaboration so I can't plan with him a method to take over his stuff. He becomes super prickly and cranky when I try to have a problem solving conversation. I am tired. So I just backed away.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Noticed something on the ADHD sub;;;Almost none of them talk about relationship problems. Isn't that depressing? I don't know if they aren't aware of the problems in their relationships with other people, or they just don't care about them, or what, but it's very telling to me. It explains why so many of us hear them blame shift when we try to address something that is associated with the ADHD. It's honestly not on their radar as a thing that their ADHD is wreaking havoc on relationships. Has anyone else noticed this?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;pwADHD wants a divorce because I gaslight him. WTH.;;;I feel like I have been gaslighted heavily and manipulated a lot in my marriage. I found something crazy recently so I was already planning on calling things off. So much avoidance, defensiveness, minimizing/blame shifting/denial/justification. No accountability. No willingness to problem solve. Unable to acknowledge the context of my reactions (i.e. I am frustrated because I want to discuss underemployment and how you plan to work on fixing this issue and you are refusing to have the conversation).   My relationship has been such a mindfuck. Anyone else here been accused of gaslighting as the NT partner? I feel like I'm with a narcissist. So much confusion, frustration, hypersensitivity, lack of empathy as well as lashing out if I ever reflect back to him any results of his behavior that are less than heroic. Am I alone in this?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Every conflict is my fault.;;;I am so so so tired of blame shifting. If there is an issue, I'm usually the one raising it because he is very avoidant. But he universally takes the position that I'm just picking a fight. I'm usually reacting to poorly managed ADHD. Today's issue was around procrastination and lack of follow through on tasks. How can I get him to problem solve productively when his position is "she's just picking fights, this is all her fault and she's wrong/crazy"? I was doing some reading about blaming others and how it relates to self esteem issues and I can totally see that applying here but after six years I am really out of energy to fight for the right for my own side of the story to exist. There's never emotional space for my concerns in the moment. Occasionally he will circle back to them way later but more often than not, I'm the problem. And sure I play a role in things but his reflex blame shifting is driving me nuts. How the heck do you actually get your partner to understand what you're upset about so you can find solutions if they never try to see where you're coming from?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;RSD rages;;;How do you cope with RSD rages? It is a real barrier to the normal give and take of conflict resolution. My partner stonewalls or lashes out, and hears any negative feedback as a character assassination. I tell him that his anger is scary, and I worry he could lose control and strike me, and he gets mad at me for thinking of him that way because he has never done it. He becomes more concerned with protecting his image of himself than with the feedback he is getting. Now, I'm not even sure that's an ADHD thing (the narcissism in that), but I do know RSD is a factor in this more generally.   I am trying to get through to him that he has to get the anger under control. I don't know how to do that in a way that doesn't just feed his avoidant coping style. If I walk away whenever he's lashing out at me, it rewards the behavior with the exact thing he wants. He wants to shut down the conversation. I cannot negotiate for any changes effectively much less have a calm discussion to find a compromise for areas of distress or disagreement because he is not managing his emotions well enough to accomplish that. And somehow he behaves like it's my fault he's mad, when he's responsible for learning the skills to stay calm and present despite RSD making him hear things that I am not saying.   We have been working hard on our marriage but this is an area that continues to cause a lot of problems. Any ideas?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Everything is last minute;;;I am irritated and stressed because my husband never plans anything in advance and if he tries, he loses track of time and then doesn't keep the commitment. Last night he asked if I wanted to hang out and watch a show when I was done with my bath. I should have said no, but I have also complained that he doesn't initiate shared activities so I was trying to be cooperative. I cut my bath short because I knew it was late enough that there wasn't time for the relaxing bath I wanted and time to watch something before I get sleepy. I'm a morning person and work at 7am. I can't stay up til 2 like he does. He knows this. But of course he lives on last minute everything. I got out of the bath and he said he had to go do something before we could watch the show. I got so angry. Why ask me to do something if you aren't ready to do it. I cut my own self care short and he wasn't done piddling around.   Is this really just ADHD and I have to deal with it? He says this is just how his brain works and he can't fix it. I think maybe he could learn to check the time before suggesting something and say "I know it's kind of late for you but..." To just show some tiny awareness of other people's needs. Is that really too much to ask?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Feel like mom, holding them accountable;;;I am not into sex with my partner (dx PI type) and I think a big reason is I feel like his mother. The other day he even said "okay mom" and I flipped out on him. If you don't want to be mothered then take responsibility for your life. He refuses to even try any organization methods because nothing works permanently. He's underemployed (special pandemic issues aside), so I am the breadwinner and the home manager and the initiator and I'm *tired.* I make lists. I try to get him to use smart home audio triggers. He will not take ownership over any of it. He's almost 40. He's on meds but I don't think he is taking them right. There's so many broken agreements and I could handle that ok but he's so defensive about it when I am asking him to be accountable. I don't care if you can't help it or not it's a betrayal of trust. You make it worse when you get defensive instead of taking responsibility. I have anxiety and it can make me a real chore but I'm still responsible for my anxious behavior even if it's "not intentional." I just want to feel like I'm married to a grown up but he literally sits around most of the day playing games either board or phone games, stays up late, cannot hold himself to a feeding schedule, will snack and not even ask our kid if he's hungry too, doesn't set an alarm to wake himself up, nods off when he's supposed to be parenting, don't get me started on the financial stuff.   I'm exhausted. I have no sexual desire for someone that is this stuck and irresponsible. He's responsible for finding strategies even if he is feeling like giving up if he wants the benefit of an adult relationship. Right?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Tips for getting empathetic communication?;;;Anyone here been able to speak to your partner about problems caused by ADHD symptoms and have your partner actually show understanding and concern? Even if it won't ultimately change the situation, that sort of effort at empathy would go a long way for me. And yet my partners default is to blame shift, dent, minimize, try to fact check me to prove my foundational position wrong (which he thinks means I am then also wrong to be upset), etc. If I can push my way through all of that, I get a non-apology apology or a lip service apology with no teeth to it. No remorse. No ping of genuine rapport. It's like he is robotically imitating what apologetic words should sound like but it is entirely divorced from the emotion that you expect to be expressed with an apology. And when I try to bring this up he just gets mad and says "sorry I didn't hold my mouth right when I said it" but like, there's an actual difference between empty words and a heartfelt apology and just... Why is it so hard for him?  I am sure toxic shame is a factor, but I can't sustainably tolerate all the adhd related stress and then also just put up with him being crappy the few times I try to address it with him. I need some strategies to teach him how to communicate the language of apology or understanding that I crave in these situations.   When I don't get what I need emotionally in these situations it leads to dysfunctional communication on both sides, where I stop trying so hard to be kind about his symptoms, almost rubbing his failures in his face because he is denying and minimizing these issues and that leaves me feeling very unheard so I start providing more examples of whatever I'm frustrated about (this last one was task management problems).    I don't like this dynamic. I'd rather bring the issue up in a compassionate, assertive manner, feel heard, feel respected, and have some emotional labor done on my behalf to balance the labor I do administratively, managerially, conversationally and emotionally on a continual basis. But that isn't happening. He gets defensive etc instead and usually picks a fight with me (which he then says was my fault). I also can't just give up on what I need from him either. I am accommodating xyz and looking past abc, so I need one or two changes from him also.   So, have you found a way to effectively get your partner to understand the impact of their behavior on you and to proactively offer some kind of understanding or even apology? I'm really tired of this.   Side note: We have done couples counseling four different times (including with ADHD aware providers) and he doesn't ever remember to practice the homework so I don't think it will help this issue.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Communication and other symptom issues are ruining my marriage;;;He is dx, on meds but usually they wear off by the time I am around him. He takes med breaks regularly. He doubles up on Vyvanse (which I do not believe is doctor recommended) when he works double hours and I see the backlash when his body rebounds.  He won't answer the phone consistently. He won't answer SMS consistently. He doesn't do the "active listening" that all the experts tell people with ADHD to use with significant others to reduce friction and improve retention. When he's trying to say something, he gets really mad at me if I do the active listening (because it messes up his train of thought) and gets so mad that I won't listen but he takes such long pauses to begin speaking, then I say ok go ahead and talk and he won't.  He also misunderstands me and doesn't realize it, acts on wrong information. Our last attempt at a vacation was ruined because out of 2.5 days there were only 3 times we needed to be structured to get somewhere by a certain time and it caused huge arguments. He had doubled up on his meds just prior, and was grumpy because of it.  He also beats himself up internally so badly that I cannot actually talk about my own feelings regarding his symptoms. I cannot say "when I've had so many times that I tried to call you and you don't answer, I don't feel like I can trust you." I cannot say, "I feel unsafe and like I cannot rely on you because your availability is not predictable." He hears this as "maltreatment." He shames himself so badly that he won't even try to participate in the neurotypical process of repairing a relationship after causing harm whether the harm is intentional or not.  Oh, and my favorite thing to hate, he looks at his phone when we are trying to talk through problems, sometimes "because it helps me listen better" but sometimes as checking out/disrespect and I am so sick of him doing this whether it's to "help" or to hurt me.   I'm just tired of the chaos. I'm tired of things getting broken, routines falling apart, repeating myself. I'm especially tired of not being able to reach him on the phone. I told him I feel like I should list someone else as my emergency contact because who knows how long it will be before he calls a hospital back if I show up unconscious.
