9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;Literally Experiences Time Differently;;;This morning I was getting dressed in the bedroom (now Partner's home office too) and he was a few feet away working on the computer. I put on an outfit, looked at it in the big mirror, AUDIBLY SAID "nah, not this", walked over to the closet, changed, walked back in front of the mirror to check myself out. About a five minute thing.   Partner looked up and I could hear the X-Files theme playing behind his eyes. "You were just wearing something else?" "Yeah, then I changed."  "No, like, a second ago. You turned around and now it's different." Y'all he was CONVINCED I time traveled or quick-changed or something. He literally did not register the five minutes passing and me changing. It was mind-blowing. So many arguments suddenly made sense.
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;Today I F'd Up By Moving The Papers Pile (I know you know it);;;Our cat has been on a vengeful pee rampage, so this week while my partner (DX in childhood, no treatment ever) was at work I moved all of our soft things and papers out of the areas the cat can get to as a precaution while we wait for the vet appointment where we say a happy farewell to the cat's fuzzy little balls.   This included, unfortunately, the paper pile. I know you all have one or something similar in your space if you share it with an ADD/ADHD partner. It's where mail, paystubs, magazines, business cards, random receipts and everything else goes to die. It is forever about to be organized. It creeps to encompass any surface nearby. If you ever break and organize it yourself, it reforms almost immediately. It is my enemy now and forever.   I briefly flipped through the pile, recycled the old grocery store ads and empty envelopes, and put everything else in a big basket in Partner's office. I did not attempt to organize it for him or make judgements about what was important or needed.   He got PISSED. He was going to do it on his own time. He's mad that I moved his stuff. He can never find anything because I do this.   Ya'll I am TIRED. I know it's frustrating to have your things moved and I can respect personal space and personal things as much as anyone, but we cannot have a mountain of papers smelling like cat pee in the kitchen. We are adults.
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;Blowup, then acting like nothing happened?;;;I've seen this on here a few times and I'm curious to see if it's a common dynamic: does your partner come back 20 minutes/an hour/the next time you see each other after a fight and act like everything is fine (but without resolving anything?!)   For me this is something I experience almost every time we have a huge crying yelling fight and let me tell you, it is CRAZY MAKING. I'll spend all night sad, hurt, thinking of ways to work on whatever went wrong, and the next day Partner will be making jokes and telling me about something funny that happened over the night shift. It's like I'm walking around with a broken leg and he's ignoring it.   Is it a 'let's drop this without confrontation' thing? Is it that they're over the emotions, even if we aren't? Is it avoidance?? Most importantly, what's a good way to handle it without rekindling the fight???
