a0282a7916ca5ada09187399a49cbeca750c3340557a16f0e247d3d5e502abe1;;;Handling your partner’s family;;;Ever have one of those moments where your partner just breaks your heart and brain simultaneously and you’re just done for the day? Yeah. I’m there. Been there since 10 am.   My husband (Dx’d, medicated, when he remembers to take them) has a particularly demanding family. Naturally, as he can’t remember or doesn’t think to do anything, all of the demands fall on me.   After the epic gigantic shit show and struggle it was to pull together everything for Halloween for his family, I told him if his family wanted any pictures or zoom time for thanksgiving he had to handle it.  Of course, it never happened and now his mom is just SO depressed and mad and doesn’t understand why no one keeps in touch.   Anyone, on to today, he managed to pull together two zoom meetings for his family. One of which had been changed four times because his family is roughly as good at planning and scheduling things as he is. His SIL asked me to get pictures of the kids for MIL.   And all I asked him to do was help set the kids down for photos (he didn’t cooperate and neither did the kids, I sent the shitty photos, it is what it is.) And then I just asked him to occupy the kids for a whole three minutes while I sent photos.  That was it...just let me send the photos.  As usual. It was a fight. A debate. “Why can’t you do it later, why does it have to be now, why can’t you just give daughter your phone, other daughter is upset just take her, what’s the difference between doing them now and later...” Guys.  All because I needed a couple minutes to send photos HIS FUCKING FAMILY wanted.  I’m just done for today. I’m simultaneously raging and crying. It hurts even more because most of my family is estranged and I can’t even zoom or be with the family I do have left. I don’t have safe parents to give pics of my kids to. I can’t zoom my sister because my parents might be there and we don’t contact them for safety reasons.  I can’t be with my aunt because she’s a healthcare worker, she’s alone and depressed and I’m depressed without her, but I had to get the house ready for his brother to come (and it was days of this constant debate and fight bullshit to get ready for his brother too.)   He couldn’t just say “okay” for the two or three minutes to send pics to his family. I have to goddamn yank out all of his goddamn teeth just to get THREE MINUTES for HIS family. And my family is just too fractured and shitty to even have around. He doesn’t appreciate his family enough to throw on goddamn Peppa pig and let someone else do all the work for him for three minutes.  I can’t stop crying. It did me in; I’m hiding with my napping daughter and somehow I have to pull myself together enough for the second zoom meeting with his mom ( the first one was me desperately trying to accomodate and get the kids to behave while he just obliviously chattered away.) and not be a complete mess in front of his brother.   Merry fucking Christmas. And big hugs and solidarity to all the partners out there exhausted by pulling all of the Christmas cheer and magic out of their ass all by themselves.
