a31ac1f34478ab73eaa19af36ba596f96e13830728cd66afe369674a1a55e755;;;What keeps you in your relationship with your ADHD partner?;;;I've been struggling with my relationship with my ADD (medicated sometimes) Partner. When I read comments from other Partners, they vent/complain and then follow up with the reasons they love their partner. I was hoping to hear more of those loving reasons. I'm forgetting why I'm in this relationship and I'm hoping hearing about the love you have for your partner will help me look deeper.
a31ac1f34478ab73eaa19af36ba596f96e13830728cd66afe369674a1a55e755;;;I've realized that it isn't just ADD, it's also the marijuana.;;;We just started marriage counseling, and at our first session I talked about how I've told him (DX medicated) that our marriage was ending. He called me a liar, that I never said that to him.    How does someone forget their spouse saying "This is the end of our marriage" and the entire conversations surrounding that?  I'm talking about two, separate, in depth conversations full of tears and emotion.    I started to really think about our history of fights, and his disconnectedness, and it all started clicking.  Every time we fought, I would cry and beg him to step up and be a husband, and then he would make promises, and then he would smoke a bunch of weed and act like nothing ever happened. Now I realize that he really doesn't know what happened. He smoked away every fight and every uncomfortable conversation. I had been blaming our problems on the ADD, but this kind of complete amnesia goes beyond ADD.    I had a one-on-one with our councilor and she brought up his weed use before I even mentioned it. She recognized it's affects on our marriage...probably because he thought we were there for a casual chat on communicating while I was bawling that I was exhausted and couldn't take being in our marriage anymore. (He already forgot everything about our counselling session.)  The councilor wants to ask him to stop smoking. I don't think he will.  I'm having a really hard time reframing everything in terms of ADD and, well, being stoned all the time. So, I'm asking if you can share your story. Do you have experience with your partner mixing ADD/ADHD with weed? I'm open to any discussion on the topic while I try to wrap my head around this. It would be great if someone could tell me that their spouse quit/ cut back on their weed usage and how that turned out. Or if you observed how marijuana has an effect on your partner's ADHD/ADD symptoms.   And honestly, I'd be happy to hear from anyone about now.
a31ac1f34478ab73eaa19af36ba596f96e13830728cd66afe369674a1a55e755;;;I was hoping meds would be a magical cure all and fix our marriage.;;;My husband (45) finally came to terms with is ADD a year ago. Our marriage has been in decline since we got married 5 years ago and when he agreed to try medication I was really hoping that all the pieces would fall into place.  He would be able to see when I was sick or sad. He would be able to think more than a day into the future and could save $$ for retirement and house repairs instead of spending everything and expecting me to save for all the un-fun things. I hoped he would start doing things around the house instead of looking at his phone 12 hours a day. Maybe he wouldn't talk over me every time I speak. We could plan a vacation together without him poo-pooing every decision every step of the way. We would be able to plan for ... anything.   But...yeah, I wouldn't be writing this if the fairy tail came true...The meds didn't have the impact and now he refuses to go back to the doc and ask for advice or try something different. He had stimulants as a child and refuses to even consider that meds/knowledge have changed in the last 30 years, so he tried a non-stimulant. I only had one shot, and it passed.  And so both of our worlds continue to rest on my shoulders. And no matter how seriously I tell him that our marriage is on the verge of ending, he does not comprehend it. (This wasn't a meds or else situation, more of a maybe meds can save us situation.)  I don't really have a direct question for everyone, just venting.  But I'd appreciate it if anyone can relate so I don't feel so alone.
