a3b2753f10652936dd6ce01ceeddd8a6ebd0a9870adef3cd74f38ec076d5cbd6;;;Persistent over-explaining issue?;;;My wife (D/med) and I have an ongoing issue with explanations and I'm wondering if anyone has insight about it.   Basically the pattern is that say, for example, she said she would do X and then the time came and X didn't get done. I say, "hey did you do X?" and the immediate response is a list of reasons why she didn't do X. The explanations come across to me like excuses, even if I try not to hear them that way. We've had good conversations in therapy where I've explained that all I really want is some acknowledgement of responsibility and a solution. Like - "oops yeah, I didn't do X, I will set a phone reminder to make sure I do it tomorrow." Easy.   BUT. She is really committed to making these explanations. She will not stop doing it. I try not to be bothered by them but I just can't sometimes. After so many years of this stuff they really come off as excuses. So I've started saying "look I really don't care why." And I've made it clear that I always assign a benign reason - it's not like I think she forgot X on purpose to hurt me (although it can start to feel like that at times). Of course there's some reason why she forgot X, and or course it was unintentional. I know.    This is where we get stuck. She loses it when I say that I don't care or don't want an explanation. When I ask "why do you feel like I need to know the reason?" I can't really get a good answer. She's so triggered at that point that we can't really have a conversation. The best I can come up with is that she feels guilt or  shame for not doing X, but if she convinces herself that she didn't mean not to, then she's not a bad person. So she has explain to me so I don't think she's a bad person. And I don't think that. I just want X to get done. But she is really angry that I don't want to hear the reasons why, and straight out says that I'm a terrible person for not caring about it. It's become an issue all on its own. I honestly, after 13 years, do not have the energy to care about it. And it has never been helpful, except in the case where she needed help doing X or something, in which case "hey I could use some help with X" is much more productive.   My question for all of you is: have you experienced this? Do you have any insight or tips?    I'd like to be able to just let her say her thing and listen, but I'm just so tired. I can't run a gauntlet of explanations every time anymore.  :(
