a6064742d3a1ead19d253d3ecc1f5b43537c65b83faa3305b84227dbeb20ef5e;;;Offering insight into behavioral components of ADHD;;;Background: I want to offer some insight into behavioral aspects of ADHD as a DX medicated person whose meds are working well (after much trial and error).  In my experience, the behavioral components (impulsivity, forgetfulness, failure in gauging tasks, time blindness, perseverance, etc.) of ADHD can be mitigated by some coping mechanisms, but need medications to REALLY get it under control.  My reasoning is this: Every time I’m on my meds, I start to think that maybe I can keep up without my meds. I focus on my work, clean up after myself, do my chores, go to sleep on time, and generally have my life together. After all, what’s so hard about them? I think to myself. It’s not fucking hard to go to sleep on time. No one likes doing the dishes, but normal people put up with it. I shouldn’t rely on my medication to do basic tasks in life.  But here’s the thing. Work still sucks on meds. I still hate doing the dishes, and cleaning up after myself, and doing all the administrative tasks like renewing my license and booking doctor’s appointments. BUT, when I’m medicated, it’s much easier to “put up with things that I don’t like to do”. It’s easier to get up and do the dishes, take a shower, do the laundry, fold them. I don’t enjoy those tasks, and I may procrastinate even when I’m medicated, but ultimately I get them done. Why?  I have been thinking about the above phenomenon for a long time and why it is so much easier to do everyday tasks when I’m medicated. What is it about dopamine that makes me actually start and complete all those boring tasks?  I’ve concluded that it comes down to time blindness. When I’m off meds, I hyperfixate("hyperfocus") on a task and have no gauge of the passing time. I begin drawing on a notebook and 4 hours have passed, but it feels like an hour max. The result is that I feel like I really don’t have enough time in my day to do things in general. 24 hours feels more like 6 hours. Doing chores feels extra dreadful and overwhelming because I feel like I don’t even have enough time to do things I love. As a result, chores become so low on my mental priority list that I often forget them entirely.  In contrast, when I’m medicated, my time blindness is gone and I feel like I have so much more time to complete things. I can get all the chores done and STILL have time to work on things I love for a reasonable time. This is one of the reasons that I began taking medications on the weekends (I used to skip them on the weekends to reduce tolerance). The weekends I spent unmedicated just went by so fast that it almost felt like I didn’t get enough rest, and the result was that I was very groggy on Mondays. ADHD does not stop on the weekends, and I actually found that I felt more refreshed/recharged the following week when I did take my meds on the weekend.  In addition I found that symptoms such as impulsivity and forgetfulness are incredibly difficult to control when unmedicated. It is somewhat manageable using coping mechanisms, such as setting reminders/restrictions for yourself. But ultimately taking medication has been the most effective and straightforward way to treat it, with very little effort on my part (unlike doing chores, which did require quite a lot of effort on top of the meds).  One thing to note is that when meds wear off, symptoms do come back. So often in the evenings, when your partner comes back from work, ADHD symptoms are less controlled. For instance, I used to make impulsive purchases quite often and wondered why I was still doing it even when I took my meds every day. I began tracking my habits and found out that my impulsive shopping very often happened between 10pm and 2am. I take Adderall XR around 9am in the morning, which is supposed to last around 12 hours. Suddenly everything made so much sense. For this reason I personally feel like taking longer-acting medications such as Adderall XR or Vyvanse would be the best choice, if you want to treat the symptoms consistently.  Of course, YMMV.
a6064742d3a1ead19d253d3ecc1f5b43537c65b83faa3305b84227dbeb20ef5e;;;I understand both DX and non-DX perspective (Emotions);;;So my situation is a bit unique in that I am DX and medicated, but my meds, along with effort, are working incredibly well, to the point that I can almost function at the NT level (with some exceptions).  I want to start out by saying that I understand why everyone here is so frustrated. *It’s incredibly difficult to empathize with your ADHD partner when you’re directly affected by their actions over and over and over again.*  In fact, when I’m medicated, I also see myself judging others and getting angry when they can’t live up to NT standards. For example, a coworker in my team told me that he also has ADHD. Constantly submits his work late, which directly affects me because my work is dependent on his. When I learned of his ADHD, I thought, I should really give him some slack since I know exactly how he feels. But after a year of dealing with it, I grew to resent him, to the point that I just wanted to scream in his face, “WHY CAN’T YOU JUST DELIVER ON TIME? THE WORK IS NOT HARD AND I’VE REMINDED YOU 5 TIMES ALREADY. STOP PROCRASTINATING YOU PIECE OF SHIT”. I would ask for his progress multiple times before the deadline and every time he would say that he is able to deliver. Then, on the due date, he would tell me that he hasn’t finished and needs more time. I am ashamed to admit that I fantasized about choking him (and not in a good way) more than a handful of times.  And these emotions were coming from *me*. A *diagnosed ADHD patient* who is an absolute disaster without meds. In fact, when I’m not taking my meds, I would do the exact same thing. And by "the exact same thing", I really mean exactly the same. When a coworker would ping me asking about the progress on my project, I would confidently tell them I can finish on time (while procrastinating). That is the REALLY terrible thing about the ADHD brain. I wasn’t lying at the time. I really wasn’t. *At the moment, I actually believed I can finish on time*, even though I hadn’t even started the work, because my brain is just so shitty at gauging my own abilities. And then, on the due date, I couldn’t submit it. Why? Because I hadn’t started until the day before it’s due.  You know what’s worse? You would think, at this point, I would feel ashamed and try to learn from my mistakes and stop procrastinating, right? But no. My thought process is somehow entirely different when I’m off my meds. I of course feel shame (on the inside), but I would feel more resentment towards the person scolding me. I would think, what’s the big deal? It’s only going to take a couple more days. Give me a break - I have a mental condition that hinders my executive abilities. Also, you were late last month, too.  As you can see, I was defending my ego by:  * Downplaying the seriousness of my actions * Showing victim mentality and helplessness * Bringing up things that the other person did in the past (“you did it too”)  I honestly don’t know why I do this. In my experience, it’s a natural thing that the ADHD brain tries to do, due to RSD. I don’t even realize I am doing this in the moment because I’m so emotionally heated and I actually believe I’m in the right. It’s not even that “it’s difficult to admit I am in the wrong”. *In that moment, I actually believe I’m justified in my anger and resentment and everything seems so logical*. Laughable, I know. But it's true.  I’ve actually gotten, much, much, better about this, once I begin to realize what I was doing. The key is that the person with ADHD has to actually realize that they do this, and how immature and embarrassing and *dumb* it is. It stings to admit it, but it's a step towards improvement. Then the person has to actually want to change, and make serious efforts. These days I still can’t help but feel the above emotions. But the difference now is that I bite my tongue, tell myself to shut up, and own up to my mistakes. Then, at a later time, I think about what I did and pat myself on the back for it.  In my experience, the emotional components (lashing out, blaming others, not taking responsibility, etc.) of ADHD can be managed largely even when unmedicated, but only when the person realizes what they are doing and puts in serious effort to fix them. It’s easier to work on it when you’re medicated. BUT, even if you’re medicated, these emotional issues won’t automatically resolve itself.  I know I have written quite a lot, so I will stop here. I can also write about my findings on the behavioral components of ADHD as well, if anyone is interested.
