b0349092ca5f2083f9cebb0267fc845ff151550300e61f066812ff106e53d64b;;;Ate bread for dinner again. Need advice;;;My (31f) partner (27m) is undiagnosed but I strongly suspect he has it because he has all the symptoms. I think his mother and/or father have it too because they also strongly exhibit symptoms and have normalized them for him.  I’m eating dinner rolls for dinner tonight again because it’s his turn to cook dinner and he’s forgotten and has also forgotten to look at his phone so he hasn’t seen my texts and calls. I’m feeling sick tonight (I’m taking antibiotics) and getting really hungry and annoyed. This happens all the time.  When we first met 2 years ago I thought he just had a lateness problem. I asked him to just let me know when he was running late, it didn’t matter as long as I knew and he struggled to even do that. He’s had the electricity/internet turned off at his place because he forgot to pay the bill. He’s paid his taxes late every year (and I mean late on the extension). His friends have told me they do the thing where they invite him earlier than the actual time so he’ll be on time. And honestly, for the longest time I thought he was just being a dick and selfish. But I started to pay closer attention.  I literally watched him all day once. Watched him want to get started doing things and be thoroughly unable to, and I started looking up symptoms of adhd. We have talked on several occasions about what he thinks his difficulties are (at first I didn’t mention adhd but then I gradually started to bring it up) and he thinks he has a lot of the symptoms. He’s unable to keep his apartment clean, focus at work, pay his bills on time, keep up his end of our mutual responsibilities. It’s frustrating. I am a super punctual person who tries to be efficient and not waste time when I don’t need to.  So why am I still here? Well other than this he’s a fantastic partner. Kind, empathetic, loving, a great listener. He’s the best partner I’ve had. And sometimes for a few days the timeliness and responsiveness gets better, and I get hopeful, but inevitably it goes back to the way it was. We’re just dating and live separately but I worry about our future together. Maybe I’m a dumbass for staying.  I asked my therapist for some names of some therapists specializing in adhd and passed them onto him but he hasn’t done anything yet. He says he doesn’t want to be hounded and badgered. I guess I’m asking - should I just cut my losses and leave? Is it worth continuing to gently nudge him to see a doctor or therapist? I’m just at a loss here.
