b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;IDK how I can possibly stay sane throughout these next 4.5 months;;;I want my boyfriend out of my life. I can't deal with all his untreated ADHD bullshit anymore. I have spent nearly every spare moment of my life for the past 3 years trying absolutely everything to make this relationship work and he has provided me nothing in return.   In 3 years I haven't gotten a single sincere apology, not a single sincere thank you, not a single strategy presented by him on how to make *anything* better. I feel like a fucking shell of myself.   It feels like he understands me as well as a someone I met 10 minutes ago would with zero interest in learning beyond that.   I literally feel that I am just filling the the "girlfriend slot" in his life but could put any woman at all in my place. As long as they let him "do what he wants when he wants", "loves him for him", and can drop every ounce of respect they have for themselves he'd be happy with them.  I have gone back on every single boundary I've ever made in this relationship because he flat out refuses to budge an inch on anything.   I don't remember what being loved feels like. The best I've gotten is the cute things a crush would do when they are trying to peruse you...surface level niceties.   I hear from people quite often of how relaxed and easy going a person I am. Well my BF pushes me to such a heightened state of frustration and exhaustion and despair that I started self harming when we'd fight because I felt like I was trying to work through problems with an angry brick wall. He cared about that...for a little while.    The only reason I have called out of work in the past two years is because of anxiety and depression that I've always had but only rises to intense levels due to situations involving him.   Our roommate is trying to move out early because she doesn't want to be in this toxic house any more than we do. She has gone from a friend of mine and a best friend of his to an enemy who doesn't even look us in the eyes. This falling out is due in large part to my BF because his contradictory people pleaser lies indirectly caught up with him.  We have 4.5 months left of our lease to ride out. If/when this roommate leaves we will have to absorb her rent but it's better than breaking the lease and moving in elsewhere.  We already have a vacation half planned to California a month from now. Naturally I have gotten no assistance on planning this but he has still already paid for half the trip and I cannot afford to last minute end up going on vacation alone...again.   I am so devastated that I loved this person enough to start dealing with my own issues because I felt like he deserved the best and he opened my eyes to my areas of improvement. He is the reason I ended up being diagnosed with ADHD myself. I am not important enough for him to open his though. It was always one sided.   I hate my BF for allowing me to spend my life trying everything under the sun to deal with his rampant ADHD knowing that he wouldn't put an ounce of effort into any of it himself. I don't hate the forgetfulness, I hate his view that it's not something to improve. I don't hate the sudden defensiveness, I hate being told it's an appropriate response and never hearing an apology or seeing a hint of remorse in him.  I didn't fall out of love with a man with ADHD I fell out of love with an asshole who is intentionally remaining in a state of emotionally stuntedness because it's easier to date a new girl every couple years and say "if they can't love me for me then they don't belong in my  life" than it is for him to face himself.   I am a rambling mess and have no idea how I can survive any of this.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Our emotional dysregulation plays off each other in the absolute worst ways;;;We are both 29 and we both have ADD but symptoms present themselves differently in each of us. We've been dating for 3 years and living together for 1 and a half.   I feel like we waited way to long to start couples therapy and expect to grow as a happy couple but I'd love to imagine it's still possible.   I have had "overemotional" tendencies my entire life (didn't know until this past year that it was at least in part due to ADD) but have never turned to self harm until I started dating my boyfriend.   I have begun having rage attacks since we became a couple which often turn into me punching, choking, or otherwise hurting myself so that I do not hurt anyone else or anything around me. It gives me anxiety just typing it out.   Over the past couple years I have really been trying to figure out the cause of this as well as ways I can make it stop. There seems to be a pretty strong connection between my rage attacks and my boyfriends own emotional dysregulation.   If the words coming out of my mouth are not a 100% pleasant or fun topic, I will be faced with annoyance, blame, or avoidance. I feel like I've tried every approach to navigate this but it constantly ends in me being forced to internalize my feelings or problems and keep a smile on my face.   A lot of the time, I can only use my learned techniques for so long before I default to another rage attack. I have been practicing keeping a calm tone but loose my cool after being told repeatedly that I am still to blame because I wasn't happy sounding enough while expressing my upset or I am to blame because I brought up  being disappointed at all.  I always feel extreme guilt and shame afterwards and am apologetic and try to do things to make it better. I never hear an apology or acknowledgement from my boyfriend that he does anything wrong or might possibly play a role in what leads me to such a terrifying emotional state.  I just hate that I am left feeling like I am the *only* problem here when I know I am not. I do not behave this way around anyone else and have never acted this way around previous partners who were capable of discussing serious or unpleasant topics.   I feel so empty and drained and like an impossibly unlovable sociopath thanks to all this paired with our roommate/his BFF calling me that many times behind my back.
