bafda2c8e12894c335301c2f89f8f21400d83dfd083be2271293e1ae2ea0f95c;;;I am desperate to hear your reasoning for staying with your partner when you are struggling so badly. What keeps us all in these cages we have allowed ourselves to be placed in?;;;I feel like im going to throw up from the amount of stress my DX boyfriend puts me through. He is the most untrustworthy, irresponsible, unreliable, disorganized, forgetful, irrational, confusing, inattentive human I have ever met. I never experienced anger until we moved in together. I used to be so patient. I have completely lost myself and I will never be the same again.  But then I sit here and I read all of the things people say on this sub about how horrible their parters are which makes me realize how absolutely not horrible mine is, but i feel like it almost makes it worse in a way. I wish he was an abusive lying manipulative POS, I wish he was an asshole unwilling to work on himself and make changes who didn’t appreciate anything that I did and didn’t recognize how badly he hurts me. Because if he was any of those things I would have left no questions asked. But he his none of that.   He is patient, kind, supportive, loving, understanding, apologetic, self reflective, incapable of being mad at me for anything, always takes responsibility for his actions, makes me feel so valued and important, and is endlessly outspoken about his passionate desire to be the man I need one day, yet at the same time reassuring that if I can’t take it anymore he understands and doesn’t blame me. I never feel like I don’t want to spend time with him. He is hilarious, creative, passionate, unique, and genuinely good hearted.  I see the making of such an incredible human being in his eyes.   So seemingly this is why I continue to hold on, but why is everything so incredibly contradictory? Do the good things really outweigh the bad to the point that I am willing to have breakdown after breakdown because he failed to do something basic for the billionth time therefore reminding me that I am the only human in my life I will ever be able to rely on? I know my future will be full of stress and anxiety and disappointment riddled with shame because I feel guilty for being unhappy the second he makes me laugh again.  I just need to know why we do this to ourselves. Is this some sort of self inflicted emotional abuse? We are bleeding out and need a doctor to perform surgery, so why are we sitting still allowing a nurse to just keep putting bandaids on us?
bafda2c8e12894c335301c2f89f8f21400d83dfd083be2271293e1ae2ea0f95c;;;Starting to question if it’s worth it to keep pushing through the pain;;;DX You can read my post history if you want more background, I just need to briefly vent right now and ask for some advice. I love my boyfriend with everything in me but I can’t stand his flaws. I’m so miserable and the fact that nothing he does wrong is necessarily his fault makes me want to vomit because if I leave him for things he can’t control I will never forgive myself. I have no friends in real life and I don’t talk to my family about my relationship so I have nowhere to turn if we do split up. We have been together for nearly 6 years. I’ve never loved anyone or anything more, but I’m beginning to feel as trapped as I felt when I was a teenager living with my emotionally and verbally abusive parents, and yet all he does is love me. He makes mistakes but I know if the adhd was gone he would do nothing but love me entirely. How do you silence the growing resentment when there seems to be no real solutions to what’s truly eating at you? Are things just dead in the water? I want kids one day but Is it possible to be successful parents when the father is incapable of caring for himself properly? How can I expect him to help care for me and a child? I’m just exhausted.
