de56dbf0def89ac27fed0f55640d988f653a2d1b9ba4500b6ab76caacee0404c;;;Family Planning;;;Hi, I'm new here, this is my first time posting and I'm sorry if this is really long...   My partner (DX, 33M, taking medication since childhood) and I (29F) have been together for five years and married for 2 years.  I am responsible for most of our lifestyle tasks such as paying bills, cleaning the house, cooking, caring for our pet cat, and keeping us on task/on schedule. He works very hard as a software engineer, and we are still trying to find a way that works for him to support me in our day to day chores and responsibilities. My partner has beautiful qualities about him, he's creative smart and funny. He also lets me down a lot, even though he doesn't mean to.   Recently, we have been discussing when we'd like to have a kid together, and I am truly concerned that it would overload me, because I wouldn't have the support of my partner. If the life we've lived together so far is any indicator of the distribution of the responsibilities and how they'll be divided with a baby, I think I would be miserable. It's hard for me to express this to him without hurting his feelings. When I tell him things about himself that he can't control, he shuts down and just plays video games all night.   Even when we talk about having a kid, while he tries to assure me he wants a baby, he's so fixated on the fact that he'll lose sleep during those early months (he has sleep apnea and really poor sleep hygiene). I am learning not to take his fixation as him being selfish or making the conversation about him, but it's hard not to feel concerned when that's the top of mind thought he has around having a kid. I also understand having a baby's not a cakewalk, I work in early childhood and have cared for infants for years.   Overall, I'd love to know if anyone has had to navigate this conversation or even the process of getting pregnant and figuring it out with their partner?   What worked and what didn't? Anything helps!   &#x200B;  Thank you EDIT: I just want to say I had no idea how supportive and validating posting here would be. I feel really strong and cared for in this community. Thank you to everyone who courageously shared their experiences and gave advice. I’m so grateful!
