df0110a840683b9e39d0ce26ca0c9ac57844d97690ccc630fdb70438acebac90;;;Struggling with Wife's Anxiety/ADHD for 10 Years;;;Hey,  This post could go in many ways...and I hope I don't end up rambling incessantly...but...I'm at my wit's end with my wife.  We've been married for 10 years and went through IVF for 5 of those years to finally have our beautiful baby boy (who's 16 months old now).  My wife has always known that she's had anxiety...but she never did anything about it...until the past 6 months when I had finally had enough.  She's tried a few different meds (lexapro, zoloft, and now prozac) - and none seemed to have worked so far.  She's taken small doses of each meds, but nothing has seemed effective.  We have struggled for years because of my wife's poor mental health...and my inability to deal with it.  She's just recently been diagnosed with GAD and ADHD.  Our home is always a mess.  The kitchen is rarely clean, the laundry rarely gets done, and papers pile up - not to mention how dusty and disgusting our home is (especially our bathrooms).  She keeps telling me that she knows that she's not well...and that she's trying her best...and the she always good intentions...but I can't help being frustrated.  As it seems many other ADHD partners know all too well, I am forced to take on WAY TOO MUCH responsibility in our relationships.  I am the sole breadwinner, I'm the only one that cooks, I am the only one the pays the bills, I'm the only one that does our son's dishes, I do most of the regular dishes, I clean the house (as best as I can)...and so many other things.  I'm burnt out...and have been for years.  There are some days when things are "normal" and she helps out and does a good job of not being co-dependent on me...and those days...I feel fine and hopeful that things could get better.  But there are SO MANY other days where she struggles and I have to pick up the slack.  If things got better...I could see myself finding happiness again...but...it's been 10 years and filled with her empty promises.  If we didn't have a child...I probably would leave her.  I honestly probably should've already before we had a child...but I guess I was too afraid of the unknown.  I just don't where I should draw the line of acceptance with her inaction...and justifiable frustration.  I feel guilty all the time that I criticize her and get frustrated with her...but I just think that I've become far too critical and pessimistic because I've had to deal with her untreated ADHD.  She's trying to figure it out now...and willing to try new meds...but I just don't know if I have it in me to ride this out.  I don't see any light at the end of the tunnel.  Some encouragement...support...personal anecdotes would be great.  I'm in a rough place mentally...and I think I may even be depressed due to my marital distress.  Around others, I feel fine.  At work, I feel fine.  In my marriage though?  I feel depressed...and I feel like I've mentally checked out years ago.
