e15962f28c1e488f24be2772cf99a82e6bc0fd00be63d80f5b03821b7be99a22;;;We had The Talk;;;Last night my SO(dx/not medicated) and I had The Talk about where our relationship is going.   He told me that he doesn't feel loved for who he is. He wants and needs unconditional love from his partner and that I don't make him feel that way. That he would rather separate and find someone else who loves him just the way he is, "imperfections" and all.   We've discussed this in the past- how my love for him is not enough, how I am not showing it correctly, and I've tried to explain that I love my children unconditionally but not my partner. Four years ago I just broke- mentally and emotionally- and I dropped the rope of being his mother, of putting his welfare and preferences above my own. I started putting my energy into myself and working on myself.  I took self improvement classes through my work. I started to learn how to communicate better and started healing my own shit.   At this point ADHD wasn't part of the conversation.  It wasn't until our son (dx/medicated) began to really struggle with school that I went down this rabbit hole. I did not expect to discover all of this. I thought that I was alone.  Our problems were unique to US. We were special in our dysfunction.   Except we aren't.  There are so many of us in the same boat, fighting with the same impossible situations, strung out and lonely.  All facing the same lack of awareness and meager resources and all struggling to make sense of a story that is just beginning to be told. I guess that's the way I frame it...that ADHD research and canon is still in it's infancy and the cold hard relationship facts are still being discovered.    My SO knows that his brain is different.  But at 45 he is unwilling or unable to see how that difference effects his everyday life. 3 months ago during one of our talks I set a boundary- that he needed to research ADHD instead of just telling me how I am wrong when I bring it up. I explained how I felt like I stumbled upon a gold mine of information and support, and since it also affects our children that I needed him to be able to have these conversations with me.    He didn't research. He doesn't want to.  He'd rather find somebody else- someone who nurtures instead of reading. A woman who will take care of him without question, who will never tally up the cost to herself first. Who doesn't put a price on love.  A partner who is content to flit from note to note and doesn't need to understand the song.  There is sting in this decision, but there is grace too.  This feels honest, at least.
