e43073b4275e02f4e8acbcd04c43bba7a092bb5112ed71b8b295c1e1cf492221;;;Anyone else’s husband sensitive, angry, and an outright a$$hole?;;;First off, I CANT BELIEVE I JUST FOUND THIS GROUP. I’ve been looking for something like this for years!!!   My husband is super sensitive, has zero patience/ is easily frustrated which escalated into anger real fast, and he’s just an asshole.   We’ve been together for 7 yrs (married for 3) and it’s not like I didn’t know this from day one. But it’s gotten worse over the years.   Our biggest marriage problem is miscommunication. We REALLY suck at communicating with each other..   I can’t think of a specific example bc there are so many but here is a typical cycle:   I say something, he “hears” something different or assumes my intention is something different. He gets upset at me about what he assumed. I get annoyed bc (yes he’s doing it again!) and I get defensive. He then continues to escalate things, is super passive aggressive, starts to act like an ass and say mean things. He then starts the self hatred/ self loathing/ pity party. (This continues for the rest of the day or night) His bad mood just continues and literally spills onto everything. EVERYTHING. I just avoid him for the night bc I just don’t wanna be around him or deal with him. Next day he says sorry.   Does this happen with anyone else?
e43073b4275e02f4e8acbcd04c43bba7a092bb5112ed71b8b295c1e1cf492221;;;Husband wants another baby..but...;;;Husband (DX/ medicated) keeps saying he wants baby #2... And so do I!   BUT...   We have a 6 month old and he barely does anything to help. He also has no patience. I'm back at work and he is unemployed right now so he is technically watching the baby but I come out every chance I get to play/ feed/ put down for naps etc. Whenever our little one is fussy, cries, is clingy etc (which is basically everyday bc he's a baby) he gets in a MOOD. I can hear his frustration and stomping around. I can hear him raise his voice at our 6 MONTH OLD. Ugh.   Parenting is hard enough and I have no idea what it's like for him. I try to have empathy but at the same time I'm struggling. I literally do everything around the house already, i do most of the baby care, while working full time. He sleeps in till noon, and all he really needs to do is play/ engage with our child but it's like "too much" for him.   So back to this baby #2 deal... I really want another one. We had always talked about 2. But I honestly don't think he's a good parent, he's a mediocre husband, and I don't have it in me to take care of both kids and him and work.   But I can't exactly tell him "I don't want another baby because I don't think you're capable of being a good father" ... bc well that would crush him.   Sigh. This wasn't meant to be a vent but it turned out to be one.
