eeb28044656cced85d793cd49ea3c341f89a73db26bddd91d5f0d82d8f0b2f49;;;Having a hard time moving past the hurt this morning;;;My fiancé (DX, unmediated) and I have really, really struggled to get through the last year - it’s been brutal. We love each other so much and thankfully haven’t really had any relationship problems, but we’ve been living with severe mental illness (we both have anxiety and depression, and he has ADHD) and are really feeling the weight of it after a year of trying to survive a pandemic and having no one else to lean on.   Things have been especially rough for my fiancé; we lost his beloved grandma to brain cancer last year and he’s understandably still grieving. He also suddenly lost his job a few months before she died, which sent him into a severe depression that he’s just now kind of climbing out of. The COVID pandemic hit right as all of this was happening, and we’ve been quarantined in our small apartment for a whole year now. After many months of sending out resumes and becoming increasingly discouraged, he finally got a new job (he hasn’t started working yet, but it’s a huge relief that he got the gig).  I’m really proud of him for still being here and fighting to make it through each day. He’s spent the last year digging deep and analyzing how his unmedicated ADHD has impacted his decisions and his life. I’ve learned so much about how his brain works and I’m glad that he’s had the time and space to process a lot of his trauma and talk about it.  But I’m also feeling, exhausted, empty, and pretty hurt by something he said to me last night. We don’t usually do anything big for Valentine’s Day - about the most we’ve ever done is get a heart-shaped pizza and watch a silly movie. So I didn’t really have any expectations yesterday, I just wanted to relax and spend some time with him in the evening after I was done with my work.  Unfortunately, he got sucked into a dramatic Facebook fight and hyper-focused on it for basically the whole evening, getting really sad and angry about it. By 3 am, my fiancé was having a crisis in the bathroom, crying and talking about how much he regretted some of his life choices and how hard life has been for him in general. It made my heart break and I tried to just listen and comfort him, but there wasn’t much I could do. That’s when he said something to the effect of, “I try to keep in mind that we wouldn’t be together if I had taken a different path. But, no offense, if someone offered me a choice between this life and an easier one where I never met you, I’d choose the easier life.”  And that just completely tanked my already awful mood. It made me feel sort of powerless and insignificant. I didn’t say anything because I could tell he was kinda processing things out loud and honestly, I understand where he was coming from. Living with mental illness is so incredibly hard, and if he was able to wave a magic wand and get an easier life where he wouldn’t have to experience so many hardships, I wouldn’t blame him for waving it.  But it still hurt to hear. I just wanted to have an uneventful Valentine’s Day where we could eat some cookies and watch TV. Not to be told by my fiancé that he’d choose a different, easier life without me over one with me if he could. Thankfully, he noticed the change in my mood pretty quickly and apologized when I expressed my hurt. I can’t stop thinking about what he said though.  I’ve been crying basically all night and wasn’t able to fall asleep because of it. And I hate that I’m still awake and wallowing in pain over it when he immediately apologized and said he shouldn’t have said something like that. I think I’m actually hurting more for him than for myself. I hate seeing him suffer like this and I wish I could make life easier for him. I do everything I can, but he really carries the weight of the world on his shoulders and I often feel like there’s absolutely nothing I can do but listen to him and hold his hand.  I know he’s gonna wake up today and feel awful, and I’ll try to do everything I can to make the day bearable. But damn, I’m so incredibly tired and just the thought of having to drag myself through this day is making me exhausted.  If you’ve read all of this, thank you! I just needed to get this off my chest so maybe I can get out of this sadness spiral and go to sleep.
