f10cffe63f4b5c2709e1a151162165c64b83ad159ebcd192d64fd92cebdbbd2a;;;At what point is enough, enough?;;;I’ve been with my partner for almost five years now. When we met I immediately suspected ADHD. He’s insanely intelligent but dropped out of high school, university, could never apply himself along with other obvious traits. We went to a doctor who referred him to a psych who referred him to an ADHD clinic. The clinic, however, is very expensive so we’ve just been saving up for it in the meantime. He’s diagnosed but untreated at the moment.   I love him, and I want to support him as best I can but, as I’m sure you can all relate, living with someone with ADHD takes a toll on you.   There’s little things that just keep adding up after five years where I can’t take it anymore. And then I feel so guilty because I know it’s not his fault and he’s probably struggling with it more. How many times can I hear “I’m gonna do xyz tomorrow” when I know 10000% he will not. I want to snap and be like “We both know you won’t so don’t say tomorrow. Just say you’ll get to it” but I don’t want to be rude or discouraging but it’s so annoying being told day after day he’s going to do something when he won’t.   He’s been unemployed since December. He’s a hard worker but he’s not very good at finding jobs. I find I have to remind him almost daily to apply or else I just have to actually apply for him or he’ll sleep til five PM and then spend the rest of the day smoking weed or watching YouTube or playing Xbox. Now with this COVID finding a job is harder and I’m out of work so I’m really stressed financially and it’s hard not to snap at him when he sleeps until five and then doesn’t even help around the house. If I go to do the dishes it’s “I’m going to do those tonight, leave it” but then the next morning they’re still in the sink and repeat.   It’s not his fault and I know that but how much am I supposed to take before I’m allowed to snap? I feel as if I have a child not a partner. I have to ask him to pick up after himself and I have to wake him up when it’s four thirty in the afternoon and he’s still asleep. He goes to bed before me and sleeps hours in after me I don’t understand. Sorry if this feels whiny. I just have no where else to vent. If I tell any of my friends or family they’ll just call him lazy or a loser. No one understands ADHD.
