f4da4185bf9e715d4072154247cbceda71c95911fa29da8b0483a16eaaa9de3d;;;Reminder: Be Kind to Yourself and Your Partner—Things are Extra Hard Right Now;;;I don’t know who else needs to hear this today, but I certainly needed to remind myself that everything is a struggle for everyone right now in this pandemic, and for ADHDers it’s even worse. I’m a non-DX wife (but with an appointment to be screened myself because there are signs) of a DX husband. We were barely married for a few months before the pandemic sent us into lockdown last March, and hoo boy has this been a test of our relationship. The lack of structure to his time since he lost his job (COVID related), co-morbidities w/other illnesses, inability to socialize in person with his support network on a regular basis, etc. has been absolutely brutal on him, and by extension, me.   Well, I decided yesterday that I am going to try to take a different mindset, which is one that acknowledges that these circumstances are abnormal and temporary, and that my partner is trying their best. The thing we both need more than anything right now is each other’s compassion and support. We still need accountability and boundaries too, of course.   Just today there was a situation where he was out doing an errand and realized that he hadn’t eaten a meal or taken his medications yet. This happens a few times a week. My knee jerk response is usually to sigh and say something like “You really need to get that under control.” We both know that’s true, but it wouldn’t have been a helpful thing to say in that moment when we were talking about it. Instead, I just said “You’re doing your best, sweetie.” And when he got home and fell down a rabbit hole on his phone, I playfully chided him that he still needed to eat and take his pills. He finished up what he was doing and then went and did that. And it felt like a far better interaction than if I had just kept pounding the point of eating and taking meds consistently. My job isn’t to parent or manage him; it’s to be a supportive spouse. It’s to love. It’s to be kind. And maybe if I’m kinder to him, I’ll also be kinder to myself. Goodness knows he does it for me.  Anyway, to those out there who are really feeling the struggle in this chaos, I see you.
