ffb0d094e63a5779e78484c31a83376ad20c434c115deff9202f59e7ed877ea6;;;I feel guilty, crazy and frustrated all at the same time!;;;I (28F) am a spouse to my adhd-suggested husband (28M). We've been in couples counseling for over two years and he's don't tele-healtg in the past. Every counselor/professional we've worked with suggest he's textbook adhd. I preface this because since he's not working 1:1 with a counselor (yet, he's looking with insurance) there's no possibility for treatment for him.  So unmedicated and only couples counseling and I feel more frustrated than ever. I feel like my soul is withering away. Like my personhood is slowly fading out of existance. I've given everything to our relationship ( 8 years). He's a really sweet person. Always willing to help, has great humor and is a great dad to our eight month old son. He helps out with chores (I have a to-do list) and understands my chronic pain (I have INTENSE migraines and body pain flairs). He never speaks ill of me and in emergencies we're a great team. On alot of levels of life we are so compatible. *But* the LACK OF EMOTION IS KILLING ME. The lack of communication. The constant *sorry* about just not even talking to me for HOURS. When I try to share a peice of myself getting dead end comments *wow sounds frustrating* or totally taking the conversation for himself. The constant arguing and being defensive when I become frustrated with a behavior. The lack of follow through on anything. The lack of thoughtfulness. I feel like a glorified roommate that he sometimes is romantic with.  I feel disgusting. I'm dealing with alot of postpartum issues. My birth was traumatic and we almost lost our son. I was *physically* still recovering up until last month. Having a withering support is breaking me apart.  He tries. I see he tries. But there's a big part of me that feels like it's too late. We've been having issues for a *long* time and I have no idea how to help myself anymore. He's just starting to take it seriously. Just starting to read books and take charge of this part of his life. But..I'm still carrying to ENTIRE mental load. And not just of household things, I'm a SAHM right now so that's okay...but the entire mental load for the relationship? The romance, the dates (pandemic approved), the thoughtfulness. Even just CONVERSATION. *His* doctor appointments, his lunches, his time with our son.  I feel crazy because my husband is a good guy. But the lack of....*relationship* IN our relationship is destroying me.  Can anyone relate? How did you support yourself? How did you get through it? I'm in desperate need of some positive light in this. I feel like my husband could be my soulmate. But this same guy hurts my soul.  *update*- kinda: I wanted to thank everyone for their kindness and perspectives.  Last night was one of those nights I genuinely felt lost. To give a little background we've been together for eight years. For five of those eight years our communication withered with every passing day. He had to go away alot for different training/deployments (national guard) and I supported him while also working myself sick. We moved to a different state two years ago for his job and he promised me he would finally work on us. It took *having a baby* seven months ago to now get him to prioritize us. He's reading the ADHD and Marriage book (well listening, audio book). I've read it but I also needed to step away from being too involved. I needed to just focus on me and our son. Which is still a struggle. We are in couples counseling and we openly discuss our communication issues and discuss barriers for him and different techniques to help. Most of which feels like me giving the majority of energy and praying he meets me there.  I feel awful because of an empty emotional bucket (😅 what I refer to it) and I feel awful because I feel like I'm not supporting my husband more.
