0a72b2605a15c965da21946d61fe7e9fa3f0f40983a264629997ec32e3d227d1;;;Does anyone feel like they somehow absorbed some of their partners ADHD behaviors over the years?;;;I feel like I’ve gotten more anxious, avoidant, procrastinate-y and I struggle with taking care of things. I know partly this is due to depression and I know I didn’t used to feel this helpless years ago. I’ve always been one to handle life and just work on things I can and accept what I can’t yet or at all. I believe I’ve been depressed over the past 3/4 years due to my partner and also other things in life like jobs that didn’t work out or family problems. My partner wasn’t really that supportive through my family problems over the years and that hurt. I mean I’m not ever wanting to be up their ass and around the corner but I think if you can and it makes sense for all parties involved, having a good familial bond is a good thing, they’re your support system and that shouldn’t be pushed away unless they are toxic. My partner is like the opposite of that with his family and they’re not all toxic. They just keep to themselves and there’s not much communication going on or it seemed as though they just all kept to themselves and I thought that was better than my family for awhile. Now I realize that that style of communication isn’t healthy either, it just seeks to disconnect and also push things under the rug that should be discussed or hashed out. So I feel like the way I grew up and dealing with problems head on wasn’t the greatest either all the time cause sometimes it caused problems too.   Anyways I’m getting to the point of like we used to be so different and I still am, but I feel like I’ve become more avoidant to people because of the dysfunction of our relationship and people just not getting being a partner to someone who has ADHD/ASD and their lack of empathy towards the situation and either partners. I get anxious and don’t want to talk to anyone about my issues anymore because people just tell me to leave the relationship. I get anxious not being able to talk about things with people and that adds to more anxiety and me not taking care of myself and procrastinating on life goals. It’s bad. Like I do the bare minimum to sustain my life and my pets life and then want to just lay in bed for hours on end not wanting to live my life. Therapy adds up over the week and I only have so much money to pay someone to listen to me and give me more sound advice, rather than listen to the people I know who have not been in an NT/ADHD/ASD relationship before. I feel like I’m experiencing symptoms and I know I don’t have an executive dysfunction.   Anyone else feel so stressed out by your relationship that you feel like you somewhat absorbed your partners ADHD/ASD? Like ADHD by proxy? Maybe it’s a codependency thing too. Idk I just feel like I should be taking better care of myself but I’m lacking the motivation to do it.
0a72b2605a15c965da21946d61fe7e9fa3f0f40983a264629997ec32e3d227d1;;;Has anyone’s DX/undiagnosed partner gotten really into right wing politics/talking points and conspiracy theories this past year and is still currently interested (their special interest) after the Biden inauguration?;;;I feel so conflicted, sad and annoyed that my partner has been regurgitating BS and misinformation/propaganda for like 10 months or so now. We’ve always been open about things and interested in crazy/weird/unknown phenomena and taboo/occult topics through the years. This past year has been difficult, honestly the past 4 have been since my partner has been a fan of 45 in the 2016 election and most recent 2020 election. He watches so many grifters on YouTube I can’t keep track. I had to ban him listening to Tim Poole in front of me because his videos are so annoying, inaccurate and just outright divisive. I don’t want to bring political debates into this post, I was just wondering if anyone has had their partners special interest be right wing politics/alternative facts. 2020 has been really hellish in our household.
0a72b2605a15c965da21946d61fe7e9fa3f0f40983a264629997ec32e3d227d1;;;Partner is FREAKING OUT at 6am because I used 3 more bowls than what he’s “allotted” as our use of daily dishes...;;;We’re a couple, no kids and we live in a small apartment. We don’t have a whole ton of stuff and when it comes to the kitchen, when we first moved out, we started on a simple camping kitchen type of setup. Basic utensils and what not. Living together has had its ups and downs and over the last 3 years or so my UDX partner has had this thing for minimalism. I enjoy it to a point.   I say that because as much as I agree that “less is more” and being more sustainable and frugal and less wasteful, that mindset of just getting things rid of everything isn’t always the greatest when it comes to living with another person who also uses said items. Which brings me to the problem we’ve been having.   My partner took away HALF of our dishes, utensils, cups because he said he was sick of doing the dishes. Now we don’t have an excess amount of dishes and utensils, legit we have a set of 4 of each utensils, 10 plates with 4 large, 2 medium and 4 small dessert dishes as well as 5 bowls. As for cups we have like 6 mugs and a few mason jars that double as drink cups or storage. We have no dish washer so we have to wash everything by hand. My partner started FLIPPING OUT slamming doors and yelling at me right before my alarm woke me to describe how displeased and disrespected he felt for me having used 3 bowls. 3 bowls that he “hid” up on the very top shelf, but claims he isn’t hiding them even tho I’m short af and can’t see/reach them on the top unless I’m on a stool.  We have had issues with the dishes early on since living together. I used to do literally all cleaning when we first moved in and boy did I realize that was wrong. I got so overwhelmed through the first year that I started to resent him and not do any chores. I resented him because he said he would help and then wouldn’t or when he did he made a huge deal about it and it was more unpleasant dealing with that. Plus he half ass cleans so the kitchen and things were never really “clean” by normal standards of clean. I can say that I hate doing the dishes too since it’s my least favorite chore, but there been many many many times in the past and current when he says he’ll do the dishes on his night/day to do em and then he lets them sit for days on end. I have also been guilty of this before in the past and present but only 2 days at most and  not for like 3/4 days or almost an entire week at a time like he does. I enjoy cooking food and eating at home rather than spending loads on delivery fees for 1 meal.   I don’t think we need to have a problem with the amount of dishes we have if we simply rinsed and washed them as we use them. I have tried to communicate this and he always says yeah but then doesn’t do it. That’s my solution. His solution for when he does the dishes is to just get rid of dishes, out of sight out of mind and it’s like we’re living with the bare minimum of utensils, bowls and plates but still eat the same amounts of food. He told me that it would help him with doing the dishes by having less. I happen to disagree because the sinks just fills up like it used to anyways and when it comes to him and doing the dishes, he ALWAYS half finishes doing them, whether or not we used more dishes or less, the sink still filled up because we’re humans and we eat. I usually end up finishing his job because he doesn’t wash the utensils or cups or anything that he deems “too dirty” so he just leaves it there for me to deal with or if I don’t he then has to and has a a fit about it, despite it also being something messy he has cooked at times. I even told him if you don’t want to do a sink full of dishes everyday then just wash as you go? Idk seems like an easy thing to try.  I’m sitting outside with the dog now because I can’t go back to sleep and my heart is pounding with anxiety because I got woken up by slamming cabinets and dishes in the sink because it was half full and I used 3 “extra” bowls that were up higher. Oh I should also mention that he’s hidden the dishes and utensils from me before without communication about that’s what he’s doing NUMEROUS TIMES and yet we still have the same problems surrounding the dishes. This has been an ongoing problem for about 4 years now and I’m so fucking over it. So he’s yelling at me super loud and slamming things for 10 minutes or so this morning and I’m just laying in bed with my blanket over my head and I could start to feel the dog shake and he moved between my legs because he was scared. Then I told him to not do the dishes if it was making him so upset and he told me to STFU. Minutes later he goes to the bathroom and it’s nice and peaceful but the damage is already done. I’m awake and anxious and annoyed now because you’re so deeply bothered by 3 bowls...so I then tell him that if he wants to express his anger and frustrations then don’t do it before 6 am or wait until when I wake up because that’s disrespectful to me. He then doubled down on how disrespected he felt for me having used more dishes than what he left to use.   Is he being unreasonable as I suspect over the dishes? I feel like he’s being so controlling about it and it’s really annoying. I fucking hate feeling so anxious now and now this is gonna be a struggle for me today to get back into the zone. Anytime he wakes me up screaming and yelling and slamming stuff it makes me anxious and it’s an anxiety that sticks with me all day and makes it really hard for me to do other activities because I feel so stressed out cortisol wise that I can’t think to do other things until my nervous system relaxes. I have trauma from seeing my dad do similar things with my mom (throwing things, slamming doors, breaking things and yelling/screaming over small/dumb things that don’t have warrant that type of anger). Whenever he acts like this I feel like a child again and I hate it. I have also told him that it triggers me and makes me feel unsafe, scared and anxious and yet he still behaves this way.  No surprise since he’s unmedicated but I mean can medication and CBT therapy even help with that for him so he realizes that he’s causing me pain for reacting so explosive?   Any thoughts on what to do because I’m sad, anxious and am starting to feel like I’m wasting time here again because I feel like shit and everything is still the same. I’m the one who has to be the adult to do pretty much everything because he can’t or won’t. He can take care of himself and pay some bills when he remembers them and feeds himself a child’s/bachelors style of cooking/eating if it were up to him and it’s cereal, meat, ice cream, cookies, sandwiches and ramen sometimes. If there’s a real meal to be had it’s usually me cooking it, looking up a recipe and or prepping it. I’m depressed and tired and I don’t know what to do.
