138636f3661d9d88fa2b8de9aeefb8311af6554c9d8b56196839bd416a21d494;;;Feeling loved and understood by my non-ADHD spouse;;;DX and Medicated ADHD spouse here.  We've been married 13 years.  I was diagnosed about 3 years ago.  Been in marriage counseling for about 4 years.  Just here to share a praise in how my husband dealt with something that would have previously set us off onto a cycle of both of us feeling unloved and disrespected. Progress matters.    Deep Background: Our marriage counselor asked us each to give each other some reading material that would help one another understand each other.  I gave my husband Sari Solden's Book, "Women with Attention Deficit Disorder."  For my part, I am reading Barkley's, "When an Adult You Love has ADHD"  (sorry for how this disorder impacts others... yuck!)  Context:  Husband came home after being out of town for 8 days and asked why his toothbrush had lipstick on it.  I responded that if a toothbrush has lipstick on it, it is only because I thought it was my toothbrush.  I went on to explain that usually I can tell out toothbrushes apart by checking to see which one is wet (he gets ready for bed first, gets up first).  But since he has been out of town, I can't check that way.  Husband reminds me of the color difference and I again said that I can't ever seem to remember which color is which.    (Remember, working memory can be hard for us ADHD folks.  There is much I do remember... am super sharp.. graduated summa cum laude, ect... but remembering which toothbrush is mine.... IMPOSSIBLE. Yes, it drives me crazy, too).    For our first decade of marriage this admittance that I had used his toothbrush and couldn't remember would have set him off into feeling disrespected and unloved, which meant that he then treated me as a child and set us off into a downward spiral.  BUT THIS TIME and perhaps for the first time, he didn't take my forgetfulness personally and just PUT A STICKY NOTE ON OUR MIRROR that has our names and which color toothbrush we each have.  I love it.  I go in the bathroom and before grabbing a toothbrush I just read the sticky note.  No condemnation from him.  No telling me I should just be able to remember. He just quickly gave me a tool that would help me..... 'cause I promise, every time I brush my teeth I want to be using my own toothbrush.    I don't know if this will be helpful for any of you -- just wanted to praise my neurotypical spouse for dealing well with something that I KNOW had the option of being super frustrating for him.
