17401dbdeab5a6c7cee6c58fda6edd6916d7c7447ba74b5ed710a1ccd1f1847c;;;My therapist helped clarify my feelings about support;;;Last week, my ADHD partner and I had a long, difficult conversation. He felt like I wasn't being empathetic or supportive enough with all he's experiencing with his new diagnosis, and since I've been aware of the issue for years and am trying to work through my own anger and disappointment, a lot of empathy is not available at the moment.   I expressed to my therapist how frustrated I feel as a wife and partner, that I can't just put my arms around him and tell him it will be ok - because I can't muster it. She reminded me that so much of the time we've been trying to identify and work with the ADHD, I've been doing 100% of the work. I found the articles and seminars, booked the class and put it on his calendar, even found his therapists through the insurance my company provides. He's done so little so far but to feel bad for himself about all this, apologize to me as if it's intentional, and frankly, feel a lot of self-pity. She asked if he'd thought about all he's been asking of me. Planning, maintaining household and financial order, providing resources, AND empathy... and if it's even possible to give 100% of all of those things at once. I realized that no, it's not possible.   I've been backing off the mothering and reminding, letting him make his own mistakes and forget important things (as long as they weren't dangerous to the household), and he's aware that's happening but without the tools to help himself, he's not able to take full control and I know this. He's going through the steps of formal diagnosis and is already medicated, but now he has to find a therapist to work on cognitive therapy. I found that resource for him too.   She asked what I'd need in order for the frustration to take a back seat to the empathy and I told her "effort". I just want to see him find his own resources, make his own lists (that don't just affect his hobbies or interests), set timers for all the things I normally just handle because it's easier and I know it will get done, etc. and she suggested that his need for my empathy and support is equal to my need to see his effort. That took so much pressure off of me to hear, up until now I thought our house and my needs simply weren't as important as this big thing he's going through. But I'm going through it too and have been for years without him.   Because we had a good day yesterday, I'm holding onto that thought until tonight when we sit down to work on the homework for our ADHD & Marriage class, when we'll be in a place to have that exact conversation.  So I'm forgiving myself for not feeling as much empathy as he wishes I would, and reminding myself that - I hope - this is just a really rough start to a very long process.
17401dbdeab5a6c7cee6c58fda6edd6916d7c7447ba74b5ed710a1ccd1f1847c;;;Does your ADHD partner lack common sense?;;;Spouse is diagnoses and medicated.  I'm trying to figure out if this is common to having ADHD or it's just my guy. He's wonderful and the greatest person I know but there are times when I cannot figure out what he's thinking when he makes certain choices. I know that ADHD messes with the need to do things immediately so if I ask him to do something, he'll literally put down what he's doing right then and go do it (not because he wants to do something for me but because I think it interrupts the "I must do this now" and replaces it with "I must do THIS now").   For example: Our vet recently told us to start our dog on different food and then gave us samples while they ordered a case for us to pick up. Before I realized he'd done it, the samples were gone but he hadn't picked the new food up, so the dog is about to be flipped back to the old food in the meantime because he didn't wait to start the new food where we could continue it. There are endless stories about this. Taking multiple trips to do something when one loaded up trip would do. Taking roundabout ways to go somewhere instead of the obvious straight line, etc. I'm forever trying to understand how his brain works so I can help him not make things harder on himself, but I'm not in his head and can't teach him how to think.  Do you and your ADHD partner struggle with this too, or does this have nothing to do with ADHD?
