2ee23a9ecbc7a01176c3c5899e1115cbe9f6b621721aa54177936652fdee97f7;;;Spouse and Kid are killing me;;;I married what I thought was a together, motivated, semi-organized person 20 years ago, and we had a kid 13 years ago. Kid was diagnosed ADHD about 6-7 years ago, at which point spouse announced they also had ADHD.   Every speck of ADHD literature I have read has one piece of advice in common: structure and routines. I am the breadwinner, spouse stopped working when the kid was small, and is now stay at home parent. Which is to say, my own ability to implement structure and routine is limited, as I am literally not present from early morning to early evening. Kid is late to school a couple of times a week, homework doesn't get done, house is a disaster. I come home and spouse is usually sitting in the middle of the mess, kid running wild, homework not done. Most times I just swallow it and start cleaning up the mess, trying to get the kid to do what he needs to do, other times I ask spouse if there's something I can do to help. I go back to the familiar refrain: structure and routines. I can't make you do this but I will help in any way I can. Everything will be easier if you can get into a rhythm, I promise.   This is met by one of two responses. About 25% of the time, it's "I can't do it, I need help, let's work on something together, I promise I'll follow through, please help me." The other 75%, it's "FUCK YOU, BACK OFF, I'M AN ADULT." Either way, nothing changes. I work with spouse to create a routine and it gets ignored. We discuss house rules and they are forgotten within days. I point out that kid is breaking a rule Spouse thought of right in front of them, and Spouse acts as though a) they have no idea what I'm talking about and b) I'm an asshole. I've tried every version of helping I can think of: getting super involved, backing way off, everything in between.   And that was before covid. Now Spouse is homeschooling the kid (I could not believe Spouse wanted to do this but I figured it beats paying for super pricey ADHD school that will likely shut down again, and Spouse used to be a teacher), kid is running wild, they are getting maybe an hour of work done per day, kid entirely setting the agenda, while I work from home in the basement. I can see what's happening, and I'm trying to help as best I can, but getting a lot of resentment for interfering. It's like I am parenting both of them, and I don't have the best control of my temper, I find myself doing a lot of yelling when I'm repeating direction (that started out gentle) for the fifth time. Spouse seems to feel that the whole problem with our family is that I'm angry. And I am angry, but I'm not angry at nothing. Kid talks back in a super shitty way when I ask them to do super basic things, it turns into an argument, spouse watches in total silence, and then wants to tell me everything I'm doing wrong.   I saw an article in an advice column recently that said, if I had been able to see my future with this partner I never would have married them, and since then I can't get it out of my mind. I don't want to break up, it's the only thing I can imagine that would make things worse, and believe it or not I really love my spouse -- except as a co-parent. We are a great match, a great couple in most ways, but a terrible match as parents. I am well aware that I have my flaws, it's true I get angrier than I should, but I deeply resent being treated as though the whole problem in our house is that I'm not sucking it up well enough.    How do I get back to sanity? I am finding myself feeling that I hate them both, and like my only recourse is to stop caring -- stop caring if the kid gets educated, stop caring if anything gets done around here, stop caring if the place is a mess.
