3e9c50bae701579df14ba3e61c70776ddbac074fe94d46e24509d0be4660f4e0;;;Do you ever get the feeling you're being played?;;;Do you ever wonder if the explosive temper tantrums are more of a planned episode rather than just a knee-jerk overreaction to an issue? For example:  Your partner and his buddy mention during the week how it would be awesome to hang out Saturday, play some music, just chill. Your partner thinks, okay, now how to convince my gf/bf/husband/wife that this should happen, considering I've hung out with friends every night this week... Then  Saturday rolls around and they realize they've also not done the dishes going on 4 days since they said they would. "The house is a mess too, and surely, the bf/gf/h/w is going to want me to stick around and help clean. Hmm..." they think to themselves.  Next thing you know, something so miniscule happens and they're flying off the handle. "I can't take this, I gotta relieve some stress, I'm going for a walk"; banking that we're surely not going to say "uh, what, you have shit to do" when they're that heated. After a couple hours, a "where ya at?" call is made. "I walked over to buddies house to play some music, you know what a stress reliever that is for me!"  Couple hours later, they walk in all smiles, "yeah, man I needed that!" Cuz ya know...stress of dodging chores gets pretty overwhelming.   So yeah, I'm definitely thinking that all this "temper tantrum, flying-off-the-handle" shit is often done to get their way, with no argument on our part; that is, when the tantrum preludes their choice of hobby/entertainment. Just seems rather convenient sometimes. But maybe I'm just too suspicious of people.
3e9c50bae701579df14ba3e61c70776ddbac074fe94d46e24509d0be4660f4e0;;;Here's what ADHD looks like in our house...;;;Me(38F/): Babe have you seen my jean jacket?  Him(37M/DX/NonMed): Jean jacket? You mean that ratty one in the closet?  Me: Ratty? Its a vintage Guess? jacket that doesn't look like it was ever even worn once... What does that even mean? *I look at him and see he's wearing a jean vest*   Him: What? I didn't know this was yours! I've never seen you wear a jean jacket in my life!  Me: It was Summer!!  Him: I said sorry! Here, just take it, you can have it!  Me: I don't wear jean vests!!  Moral of the story: Ask yourself, Did I buy this item? Was this item gifted to me? Was this item previously, and currently, still mine? If you answered "no" to these three questions, DO NOT mutilate, paint over, cut, bend, twist, pull apart, crack, break, stand on, write on, wash, dry, sand, wax, take apart, add to, nail, screw, heat, freeze, juggle, de-grease, set fire to, The Item you are about to "redo/fix/alter/change/make cool" without first asking if it is okay to do so. It can potentially save someone's life one day.  Edit: I buy and resell clothing, so he assumed this was something I was going to resell, which I normally don't mind if he finds something and keeps it. I'm upset because he ASSUMED incorrectly. Which is where the"ASK me first before mutilating" comes into play. He's not an asshole. Just clearing that up :)
3e9c50bae701579df14ba3e61c70776ddbac074fe94d46e24509d0be4660f4e0;;;I need an honest opinion: Am I "making this a big deal"?;;;This is how it went down: As I'm waking up, He's (37, DX, meds when he remembers) almost done getting dressed, obviously leaving. I asked where he's going, since I need my car to run a few errands. He said he's going to his friends real quick to grab something and he'd be right back. "I'm not going anywhere else, I'm not picking anyone up, I'm going there and coming right back" he reassures me when I start to object, because I know his "be right backs" are longer than the average person.  The trip, if he's really just going and coming right back, should take 20 minutes, maybe 30 if he hits every light and there's traffic. He pulls up around the 45 minutes mark. He comes in and says "I think I got my drone sold!" I asked who to. He said his friends name. I said "you have to go all the way back over there?" To which he replies "I haven't even gone over there yet!"  Well what have you been doing for 45 minutes?? "I went and picked up other friend, He's gonna go with me." I then start to go off. That's literally exactly what he promised he wasnt going to do. "What's the big deal?!" He yells. The big deal is that you tell me one thing and do the exact opposite, all the fucking time. "Plans change" is what he says, every fucking time.  "I can't believe you don't think this isn't a big deal, that I cannot trust what you tell me" I yelled. "Its not a big deal, you're making it a big deal!!" Is his response. Please be honest, am I overreacting? When do "plans change" and "saying what I need to say to get the car and get outta the house" become clear? I don't know which it is. Am I just being a stickler here? It happens so often, him doing what he says he won't and chalking it up to "changed plans last second". Anyone have anything similar happen? Ugh   It ends with him pissed that I can't adapt to plans changing, that I'm not "go with the flow." Please be honest. You won't hurt my feelings. I have to have someone else's opinion!
