4b192b9ad2d13699ac081c37ec11e8367e35544dd3513e2ab39923fb7f2ed20f;;;I ended my relationship with my ADHD dx BF;;;    Hi It’s a long story that I tried to keep short of my relationship with my ADHD partner, it is my side of my story and I just need to vent out since I’m currently in the process of getting over on my break up.  \---  I newly moved in Australia for work, I have no relatives or friends here but it did not bother me much I’m excited to take the challenge, and so I met this cute, wonderful and sensitive man through dating app, we dated and we hit it off really fast. First few weeks that we dated I noticed that he doesn’t keep his promises, he doesn’t take me out for a date as he said he would but since its covid time, nothing is open so I accepted that, even though I can think of a lot of things to do without going to restaurant. So I suggested that we go for a park I was pretty excited about that and when the day came I was dressed just ready for him to arrive, when the day came he cancelled out for the last minute and my gut feeling said no. This is not right, I feel that I was being treated like whatever so I broke off with him, what I did not expected was I feel so strongly for him, long story short I fell in love and my heart and brain keeps on fighting and in the end I said ok lets try again, I will not be judgmental and try to work this out.   So I reach out to him and we got back together, we went on and off a couple few times and every time I broke up with him or he broke up with me it really breaks my heart. One day when we were just settled for being friends he mentioned that he had ADHD. I’ve heard of it but I never knew about it, so I researched, watched videos and eventually found this support group. Everything made sense and I sympathize with him, it must be so hard to have this kind of condition while people assume that you should be normal so I tried to understand him, there comes a point that he was down and was ready to give up since he lost his job and he doesn’t have enough money to live here in Australia since he was a student and working here.   I offered my place I told him that he was welcome to stay until he got back from his feet and we got back together at same time, from then on I see his behavior differently, I gave more patience and become more sympathetic in his condition. I though I can make it, I even think we would last and will eventually end up together however, reality slowly comes crushing down on me. The cleaning, 8+ hours of games, sleeping half a day and the rest social media, games and shows hit me. I gave more patience because I know this is ADHD at work but what rubs me raw is not once did he asked me out for us to go on a date, spend time together or do something together. We will go out half a day then the other half until the next morning he will play his game at the café.   I’m always the one who asked out. I think that my love for him start dying when on my Birthday that I have to remind him 3x yet he did not bring me anything. He just greeted me Happy Birthday preheated a bread and went out to his part time work. When he got home he just bought two beers and two instant curry for his lunch tomorrow then proceeds to let out his frustrations for the day. I thought I will receive flowers or even a cupcake for my birthday but none. The next morning we have plans to at least go to the beach so we can celebrate my Birthday, I woke up early and waited for him I expected him to at least at my important day he will have an initiative to wake up or be excited for us to go and celebrate since he never fail to set an alarm for his work and he always follow up with his cousin on where they are going if his cousins invites him.  half day later he's still in bed, I got angry, showered and get dressed to go out and he just said to me you’re going? And I said yes, he said are you ok? (obviously not) but I said yeah and he said ok have fun. And I went out and I was really, really bitter that day walking alone and just bought myself a cake and ate it alone at a café. From that day on I got my walls up, we got on some fights and every time we have one my love for him became less and less even though he tells me he likes me so much, I’m the best person he ever met, the best GF and etc. Until we had a heavy fight and after we calmed down the following days then months we stopped being intimate, I thought to myself that maybe he decided for us to be friends but he doesn’t have the balls to tell me or this might be ADHD? his hyper focus on me is over, I don’t know. But one time he told me that if I want to do something (sex I believe) I have to ask for it. And when I heard it, it sounds ridiculous why would I have to ask for sex? And when I tell him my frustrations about his lack of attention or etc he tells me you just have to tell me. And I hate it every time he say that. Why do I have to tell you? Don’t you have initiative? That’s what I keep on thinking. Eventually he moved out of my apartment and it got me to a long depression almost every day. He only visits me to pick up his stuff or when he needs a parking from the city.  The last draw was when I’ve been planning for months for the both of us on this coming holiday and when I’m telling him about my plans he told me that we were suppose to go to his friends xmas dinner or lunch (I don’t know exactly since he doesn’t know if it would be xmas eve or day) it hurts me that he assumes that we will go to his friend when I’ve been planning here alone for months now.   I told him that if he wants to go, he’s free to go but I will go as planned. I’ve been generous enough to say that we will go if the date for my plan will not be in conflict with his friends’ and he laughed at me and said I was such a Sheldon (from the show big bang theory). Everything has to be on schedule, even laundry has to be on Friday and at that moment I was thinking he was just laughing at me and its just like I’m just seeing him for the first time. I asked again on what his opinion about my plans and he just told me I don’t know, I don’t care whichever’. And then I knew its over, I don’t want this anymore, I've felt depressed, alone and I've been crying honestly even before he moved out. I ended it.   Right now I feel numb, sad and I don’t really have a support here since I live here alone. I talked to my family about it but its never the same since they were not with me. Its hard.. it was really, really hard but I thought its better now than later. I realized I was never happy from the beginning and I should have followed my gut feeling to save me this trouble.  Thank you for reading this, this is my side of the story and I know I also made mistakes. My Ex is a wonderful person that's unfortunately had ADHD condition but I'll never know if its his personality that's rotten or ADHD.   This channel has been my support and reference from my ex's behaviour. Thank you for posting your stories and heartaches I admire you all for staying to your partners I wish you all the best.
