5b6417440ce945f978cb807ef8ac84fa2b9664090f653e0f55d39aa7261e459a;;;Would it be reasonable for me to request that my partner do something right when I ask? Am I a bossy jerk?;;;My husband (39, with ADHD) and I (33) have been kind of sinking lately. We’re basically in the process of rebuilding our entire lives after a major collapse (mentally, financially, etc) a couple years ago. We’re both stressed to the max but we’re both empathetic people and are generally patient with each other. I usually don’t mind having to carry an unequal amount of the mental load of managing our lives because I tend to be very detail oriented and feel more comfortable being behind the wheel, knowing things are getting done, while he has trouble with the details and is more “big picture”. But lately, maybe it’s because his stress levels are up due to work or whatever else, it seems like he’s stopped trying AT ALL and I feel like it’s turning me into an insufferable bitch. All the reminders I have to give out between him and my teenager (fuck online high school OMG), I have been so irritable. (I want I add also that he is normally somewhat on top of his ADHD, so it hasn’t just been me managing his shit for the entire relationship.)  While I usually don’t mind giving him some reminders to get things done, I don’t want to remind him multiple times until he feels like doing it. Ideally it would be like “Hey, the dogs really need a bath, can you take care of that this weekend?” And he makes a note of it, maybe writes it down somewhere and then takes care of it whenever during the weekend that he feels like doing it. Honestly even if he said “no I can’t do that this weekend for X reason” would be better for me than what is currently happening- where he tells me what he thinks I want to hear, probably has the intention of completing the task, but takes no steps to ensure he’ll actually remember to do it.   My husband is a wonderful person, he’s not lazy. If I ask him to do something and tell him “this needs to be done immediately” he’ll get up and do it. But it makes me feel gross and bossy and I don’t want there to be that kind of dynamic in our relationship where I have to resort to making demands to ensure that things get done.   I got fed up yesterday and said I need to see some kind of action to indicate to me that he’s making an effort to manage his ADHD and his to-do list. He said he’s going to make an appointment today with a doctor to see about going on medication, which I think is a strong step in the right direction.   But in the meantime? I guess what I’m asking is, would I be a total monster if, while he’s working on this, I resorted to saying “I need you to do this right now, not ten minutes from now when you’ll forget and I’ll have to remind you” a little more often (usually reserved for super urgent tasks). Obviously I’ll have to talk to him about this later and it’s not sustainable long term. We have some communication issues to work out and I see some therapy in our future. BUT please tell me if it would make me a super asshole if I put on my bossy pants for awhile, because I can’t do the reminder thing at all right now. I want to be a good person!   All advice is welcome but please be nice, I am sensitive and the internet is scary lol.
