737e504e1a9bdad9eccae4a1bfb2b8f550a172aa89e29bf1d47ed279276804c7;;;How do I lighten my burdens?;;;I love my husband. He is a good husband, but I am responsible for everything. We have 4 kids 12 and under, 2 with adhd, as well as him. He is a good guy with good intentions, but he will never be able to give me the help I wish so badly I could have. He is the breadwinner and does work hard for us, but I literally do everything else. Everything. From all the yard work, cleaning up the garage, fixing things that break, bills, chores, kids and the list is endless. When I'm struggling or mentally and physically exhausted I can't talk to him about it, bc he immediately gets stressed out about it.(I don't talk to him in way to ask for help or blame, just merely talking about things) I do all the bills and sometimes I like to run through our expenses and budget, but he can't do it without freaking out, so I feel like I have to carry that burden alone. I'm so exhausted of being the brain for 6 people. It's so hard. He is against ever hiring for help (like someone to mow the lawn) but sometimes I do while he is at work bc I just can't single handedly do it all. I dont see a light at the end of my tunnel. I am happy  in general but Im also so so burnt out. I cant have this conversation with him, he would probably be nice, if done right, and vow to do better, but he just never does do better. I dont blame him, I know his brain works differently, but how do I lighten my load without a helpful spouse? How do I see my light? How do accept that I run the show and always will. I'd love nothing more than for him to take me out and him plan it, but that will never happen. I'd even love if he would just make me dinner, or cookies! Or just see that I'm helping 4 kids by myself while he is sitting on his phone. When I do ask for help, he just says, "what? Everybody is fine." It seems impossible for him to naturally help with anything. I know I have to support him and help him, but Im tired of that, it takes SO much energy, I feel like I need a break from constantly helping and supporting him. I want a break from having to live in his life in his adhd world...Anyway, I dont know what I'm looking for exactly, just a little glimmer of hope I suppose. Thanks for reading if you made it this far.
