ac116f777f64b74bccaebc0910aeed236b8035ad8bf4d50a942cd171e3d174ed;;;Does anyone else feel like they've formerly considered themselves to be an easygoing person and are now wondering wtf happened?;;;I don't feel this way all the time, but sometimes...  I feel like previous to my current relationship, myself and everyone around me has generally considered me to be an understanding, easygoing person, almost to a fault.   It wasn't until now that I've started to think I'm actually an impatient, unreasonable perfectionist that demands ridiculous standards. But... I don't really believe that.   I think I'm the same reasonable person I've always been, and I think my expectations are pretty basic, and I think I'm pretty understanding when it comes to negotiating them.   But next to someone who has zero standards, zero expectations, and zero boundaries, I've got no other option but to be downright tyrannical by comparison.    I feel like I don't get to be easygoing anymore.  He gets to be fun and creative and spontaneous, and I feel like a little bit of this cherished part of myself has been swallowed up somehow.  I feel like that fun little spark in me that can struggle so hard to shine in its own quiet little way, has been sort of stamped out.  I'm trying to revive it, and god knows we're both trying so hard, but I do feel like I'm mourning some part of myself that I miss.   I know it's my responsibility to reignite this in my own way, but these are my feelings sometimes, and I wonder if anyone else shares them from time to time.
ac116f777f64b74bccaebc0910aeed236b8035ad8bf4d50a942cd171e3d174ed;;;This is what I came home to today. Yes, those are open flames. Yes, that's our oven (with nothing in it) set to 500 degrees. He's in the shower.;;;
ac116f777f64b74bccaebc0910aeed236b8035ad8bf4d50a942cd171e3d174ed;;;Does anyone else feel like a lot of ADHD articles/info sources and such warn you not to enable/parent, but then their suggestions are essentially enabling/parenting?;;;Like... you should make sure they are responsible for their own choices, for managing their chores, for picking up the kids, etc... but it's *your* responsibility to actually keep up with the chore chart, to remind them of their own commitments, to expect to do the bulk of day to day tasks, to pick up the slack, and to just be prepared to pick up the kids yourself anyway when they inevitably don't do it... and to just be patient and understanding about it. Ok so... which is it?   I can't tell you how many times I have read that the solution is that I just need to be patient and understanding (which I'm happy to do), as well as actively responsible for everything (which I'm not as happy to do)... while the reverse doesn't seem to be expected of my ADHD partner, according to various pieces of advice. This all feels very contradictory and confusing, and often feels a bit unfair, and frankly doesn't seem to be truly useful.   I'm doing this research because I don't want to feel like his parent, I want to support him as his equal... but instead I feel like some of these sources are kind of encouraging me to mold my whole life around his ADHD symptoms, and kind of put my needs second... you know, perhaps a bit like a parent might do...? While at the same time telling me not to do this?  And it kind of feels like this same feedback is pretty widespread... I've posted on various forums, and the feedback I've often gotten has been, in a nutshell, "Look after things yourself, but also don't do it for him, but also make sure he doesn't have to."  Like... what? Which is it? What am I supposed to take from this? Do I enable him or not? What am I actually supposed to be doing? It just often feels so unhelpful, and I don't know what to think or do. At a certain point I even start questioning the very definitions of things.  So I must be missing something, right?  Please point me in the right direction so I know how to do the right thing. With feedback and advice like I have often received, I feel like I'm just going to be constantly confused, and I'm never going to truly understand how to be the supportive, healthy partner I want to be.
ac116f777f64b74bccaebc0910aeed236b8035ad8bf4d50a942cd171e3d174ed;;;This Christmas my partner didn't plan a gift for me. But what did he do?;;;I posted this as a comment somewhere else but I really wanted to just share this with you all:  He saw that I was putting a lot of effort into some big batches of apple butter. Because of my joint pain, we got me a crank style apple peeler online, and it was just laughably crap. He helped me try to fit these apples on this dang thing without chopping our respective fingers off and it was both dumb and funny.   So he went online and ordered me a top notch fancy ass corer/slicer/peeler/spiralizer attachment for my Kitchenaid mixer. It arrived just in time for my second big batch, and it worked like a charm. We had so much fun turning this machine on and watching it core/peel/slice all these apples like magic.  So, did he plan on the perfect gift for me ahead of time? No, he didn't.   But what he did do was notice my struggles, address and respond to them in a way I wouldn't have thought of, used his ADHD superpowers to pull some fantastic strings, and showed up for me exactly when I needed him to, exactly the way I needed him to, and helped me accomplish a task I wouldn't have been able to finish on my own.   Sometimes we forget that our partners don't always show love the way we expect, but sometimes that's the exact type of love we need <3
