db7a4a7c5cb3947f0d45449ccb7ad03e66f3efda05d20979f8bb75d53f34f895;;;Opinion: The widespread notion that we need to adjust to our adhd partners and meet them where they are is doing more harm than good for all involved.;;;I’m going to save my breath on the common complaint that we all have where it affects us personally. How we adapt in our home, relationship, etc. In addition to all that, I think this mentality of meeting them where they are is harmful in more ways even to the adhd partner themselves.   My husband (dx) hasn’t been able to hold a job for more than 6 months at a time. He’s at his current company for a bit over 4 months. He likes his employer, but up until last week he was “working” from home (bare minimum effort, playing video games). Last week he got a promotion. Similar work, higher pay, requires coming into the office a few times a week. All hell broke loose. What should be celebrated is somehow a huge issue.   Today, after one week of the new position, he met with his boss to tell him he wants to go back to the other team. His boss said no. So now he’s still at work, all mad, and texting me telling me that if he doesn’t get demoted he will “force his hand by not doing any work at all” (his words). I told him if he does that he will lose his job. He doesn’t care.   I’m stressed as hell. I’m still not back at work. The lack of stability is stressful. His rage from the situation is stressful. And I can’t help but think about how people with adhd are so used to getting what they want and people bending over backwards for them that they can’t be told no. They can’t adjust even in situations like work where you NEED to adapt to keep a roof over your head. No, the delusion is that if they don’t get what they want the first time, they will try to manipulate it into happening.  Adhd doesn’t just exist in a bubble at home. Society setting expectations for us to step in where they can’t just enables it in other settings. I wish this wasn’t the norm.
db7a4a7c5cb3947f0d45449ccb7ad03e66f3efda05d20979f8bb75d53f34f895;;;What are some things your partner does that shows you they’re trying, but they’re one step short?;;;I’d love to hear about the progress that your partners have made where they almost have it down but they’re just one step away from doing the thing all the way through.   My husband (dx) is messy but one thing he’s gotten really good about is taking back all dishes and garbage to the kitchen. But for whatever reason, the final destination for these things is the dining table instead of the trash or sink which are right there. I don’t mind it as much since it makes clean up easy for me but I still don’t understand the thought process.   What are some habits your partners have that make you say, “ah, you almost had it!”?
db7a4a7c5cb3947f0d45449ccb7ad03e66f3efda05d20979f8bb75d53f34f895;;;Small victories...;;;My husband (dx adhd, meds but inconsistent) and I (dx ptsd, anxiety and depression) have been struggling more than usual lately with chore division and responsibilities etc. We’ve had many arguments and conversations about it before but nothing changed.   And then, yesterday, this man rinsed and put his used dishes in the dishwasher. Took out the trash. Fed the cat. Cleared the snow off the cars. Made the bed. Replaced the toilet paper roll. Wiped his spills. Cleared the counters. Put his clothes inside the hamper. ALL WITHOUT BEING PROMPTED OR REMINDED!! No lists, no conversation or arguments about it recently. He just did it. And that behavior seems to be continuing again today.   I know the cycle will continue and he will regress again, and struggle again, but this is a first for us and it makes me hopeful that one day we will find a working balance in this. Still a long road ahead of us, but man am I proud of him today.
