2db15475a2bbb10fa439ea6ba3b8296a70dc87a7a739ff234ce1f9449cba0df2;;;Just found out I’ve been attending the wrong class for the past month.;;;This morning I went in to my art history class at 8:00am to find the auditorium doors locked. I thought okay, so class is canceled, weird that I didn’t get an email about it. So I went home, hopped on my computer and checked the classroom page with all upcoming assignments; and to my surprise I saw that I had my first exam due at 11:00am with a text submission field. I figured it must be an online exam and I just missed the announcement last class and that must’ve been why no one was there. So I looked all over the web page to try to find a portal to the exam questions but it was no where to be found. Finally I decided to email my professor and ask him where to find the exam questions. He responds:   “That’s right. There are no exam questions posted. Learn the material, if it’s not too late, and do the best to answer the questions I’ll put to you”  This just makes me more confused so I respond explaining that I’ve been reading my material and I see that the exam is due at 11 but I can’t find where to submit it.  Prof: “Oh, I see. The exam’s taking place during the class period. In the usual room. Sorry for the confusion.”  At this point I’m freaking out and frantically explaining that I was there and I must’ve gotten locked out.  Prof: “just turn up before our 11:00 start time, is that a problem?”  I thought that’s weird that it’s scheduled at 11:00 instead of 8 but whatever.  I showed up to class at 11 and immediately noticed it was a completely different and smaller crowd of students and a professor I’ve never seen before.. after all that, that was the moment I realized I’ve been attending an art appreciation class with a completely different instructor at 8am 3 days a week for the past month. The course material was similar enough to the material online that i didn’t ever question it.  I quietly explained the situation to the professor, took the exam, and talked to him about it after class. We both laughed about it and he explained I should be able to pass the class comfortably but I can’t make an A due to the school’s attendance policy. Such a crazy morning.
