33e7e7f049a465ff73b1e03903922ae1ab2e7e99655790e9fcc8ec5bd1248e5a;;;I started college in 1988 and I finished yesterday;;;I had many re-starts, went to many different colleges, took many breaks, but the deed is done.    The last couple of weeks I would have little moments of awareness that I was finally going to finish and I would get butterflies in my stomach. It's become almost surreal.    I feel very conflicted about it. I'm really proud for not only graduating, but graduating from Washington University in Saint Louis. It's a kind of tough school and I struggled many times and almost quit many times.    I also feel a little foolish celebrating because it took me 31 years to do it. I was going to pass on the whole walking in my robes but my wife convinced me I should. I agreed because I didn't want to regret it later in life and I couldn't go back and redo it. But I'm definitely going to feel awkward. (TBH I feel awkward most of the time)    I keep hearing a lot of praise from people and thought I should share it here if it helps someone else like me or just someone who is thinking of quitting.    I was diagnosed with ADHD three years ago an I'm pretty sure it had a lot to do with me not finding the motivation to finish sooner. But I did it  Edit: Holy crow. I posted this last night and went to bed  and just woke up. Sorry if anyone thought I was ignoring you. I just found this sub a few weeks ago and have been lurking. It really made me feel better seeing so many stories that I could relate with. I wanted to share mine so that it might help a few people. Getting gold and silver is cool, getting upvotes is even better. But what I appreciate the most is getting comments and you guys are awesome. The positivity is overwhelming and I just don't know what to think right now. Cheers to everyone. Dealing with this condition is kind of tough, but I think this sub is really going to make a difference to a lot of people. Rock on peeps.  Edit #2: I just went through and tried to respond to every comment. If I missed someone I apologize. but I got a 3 year old telling me that I have done enough internet today and it's time to go out and play. I'm so glad I found this sub, you guys are awesome and this has been one of the most wholesome things I have experienced. One thing I've learned since being here is that there are a lot of us going through the same things and we are not alone.
