5abca08993e069305b5d3d7165ccaae538d5d291b3bd2d160afd00a964f72464;;;On transgender and LGBTQIA+ acceptance;;;(and broadly, acceptance of experiences outside the western cis het white abled male expectation)  I can't believe I have to actually say this.  Lately we've been seeing an increase in people talking about their experiences as trans, nonbinary, gay, lesbian, ace, aro, or otherwise queer.  This is wonderful and we love to see people finding a community here!  For the most part, y'all are very incredibly accepting and that's why people keep coming here.  As expected though, we've also seen a rise in assholes who can't extend basic respect to people.  A recently deleted (by OP) post had many references to OP's partner using singular they/them pronouns.  OP clarified that this was primarily due to anonymity (and this too is a 100% legitimate usage of singular they/them) but that did not stop people from getting downright *hostile* about the simple usage of they/them to refer to a singular person.  As part of this they spread hate about transgender and specifically nonbinary people.  Bans were extended.  In the English language, singular they/them has existed for hundreds of years.  You're long overdue on catching up.  Other threads have people explicitly identifying themselves and people reacting only to that instead of what the post was actually about.  We do not tolerate any kind of hate against a person for who they are.  We try to have discussions and see if the person is just unaware, but we also do not exist to educate people about queerness.  Bans are given on sight for especially egregious assholery and if a person doubles down on their ignorance.  This is a safe space for people of any gender, sexuality, color, nationality, disability, etc.  Unfortunately we do miss some comments, so we really appreciate when the *report* button is used to bring these to our attention.  The /r/ADHD mod team is diverse.  The /r/ADHD community is diverse.  We will work to protect this and keep people feeling safe here.  We did not choose to be these ways, but *you* have the choice to hate or to accept and there is absolutely a wrong choice.  To summarize: Gay and trans and queer people have existed for the entirety of our species.  /r/ADHD will **not** tolerate any phobia or hate or questioning of people, their pronouns, or their experiences.  Other bannable offenses: racism, sexism, ableism, spreading fear and hate.  This list is not exhaustive.   Thank you all for the love and support you give to each other💕
