6cc1e4f65a21f13d57dca5389308b1d6450c77e2155d6148df6e46885c16c41b;;;Most jobs aren't ADHD friendly, and it's driving me to the edge;;;TL;DR I hate my jobs and they are completely not suited for anyone with ADHD... but I'm stuck in such jobs, and I'm really frustrated.  EDIT: I just wanted to throw in a little edit to thank everyone for the support and for making me feel like I'm not alone in my struggles. It really means a ton to me. You're all wonderful <3  I'm writing this before I leave for yet another horrible night at work, and I guess I just need to rant and vent about just how frustrated I am with just how stuck I am in life, especially when it comes to my work life. I was only diagnosed with ADHD-C about 4 months ago now, but it's been something I always struggled with, especially when it comes to employment. I've always been completely miserable at every job or gig I have held. Every day I've known that I have work later on is just a wall of depression. Lately, it's gotten to the point that I've had thoughts of just running away from it all.  I dread work. I know that even with my medications I will get overwhelmed, I will struggle, I will fall behind, and I will be criticized for it. Every shift is another miserable mood, and I always come home upset. Sometimes I leave with my coworkers upset at me too, because they have to pick up all the slack I leave behind. Every job I have ever been qualified for has stressed me out to the point of panic and dread. Busy night at work? You can be sure I spend some time trying to keep it together and just make it through the end of the night, constantly checking the clock hoping that my shift is almost over. It's miserable.  What's even more frustrating is that almost every job is like this. Every workplace will always want the multitasker, the hard worker, the hyper focused superstars. Ones that can work at a fast pace or under stress. I will never be that candidate. No workplace ever wants people like me, who struggle to ever scrape by the minimum expectations at the workplace. It hurts, it's frustrating, and I am afraid that so long as I am alive, this norm will never change. I'm convinced that I will always be "second class", and I'll never make it far. Every job will continue to overwhelm me, even on my medications, and I'll have to live with this daily cycle of misery and dread. And worst of all, most people don't understand it. My family would always scold me for complaining about a job, and would push me to just "learn to work hard for once".  The worst part is, there really aren't greener pastures to run to for me. I've stuck with the same few mostly part-time jobs and gigs for several years now, and I know that if I do what's right for me and leave even one of them, I'm possibly screwed.  Anyways, sorry for the super long rambling rant. I just sorta poured this frustration out in the hour before I leave for yet another incredibly miserable and long shift at work where I'll certainly fall behind and become overwhelmed, and have to stay super late into the night to finish up what I need to do. I hope you folks are doing well.
