76eb7967edbaee7d5f73bb0c96c41975d2f37c083883c3813b3ea90096db8e9b;;;I did my homework, earlier then normal and didn’t give up. This is probably useless to most but I’m so f-ing proud;;;Normally whenever I get an assignment, I have a list of options.  Option A: ask a friend for the answers Option B: don’t do it at all Option C: do it during school  While playing on my computer, I just told myself. “You know what? No playing CoD for hours today. Let’s do your assignment and then play”. Hopped on Google Classroom, did my assignment with little to no breaks and felt amazing. Note to self: music is a great way for myself to vibe.  I’m not gonna act like I didn’t question the point of it though. I decently had doubts in my mind haha. “This is too hard, hop on CoD”, “Did we even learn this? I’m not doing something I didn’t learn”, “this question makes no sense. I’m giving up”, etc. I also want to apologize if this is a waste of a post. I’m used to everyone telling me to take my time then get disappointed because I took so long to make garbage. I don’t even know if the answers are right but I’m proud. Anyways, if you don’t care and think I’m a terrible student, fair enough haha   TL;DR: I finally did an assignment on time instead of slacking off and making excuses, asking for answers or doing it during class. I was planning to play my game but decided I should do work first. Music  definitely helped. There was a few doubts that I should give up but I’m proud. I don’t even know if the answers are right. I apologize if this post is a terrible one. I’m used to people telling me to take my time then be disappointed because I took allot of time to make garbage.   EDIT: Thank everyone who upvoted, commented and gave me awards! Means allot to me! I didn’t expect this much love for doing school work haha. You can do anything you put your mind too!  EDIT 2: Guys...2.6K UPVOTES AND TONS OF AWARDS?! Are you kidding me?! Thank you guys so freaking much! I wanna thank everyone for showing support through any interaction they did. If you want to follow my twitch (www.twitch.tv/ihatenikolas) and come hang out, it would also be very cool but not optional. Any support on Reddit already warmed my heart. Love you all <3
