a19ef5b1ce9fbe2bff11b3139ffc26328c1f2605f5b365fd38d0681145add9d0;;;Ableism in textbooks;;;Hi y’all,   I wanted to share with you all a bit of a breakthrough I had today that I’m hoping encourages the rest of you as much as it is me.   First, the bad news. There was a LOT of awful ableism in my textbook. Part of this post will contain examples, but it’s not the whole post and I hope you will scroll past those examples if they cause you anxiety and skip to the end.   I’m in a psychology class right now called lifespan development. Last night I had to read a chapter in which adhd was addressed at length. I can honestly say it was some of the most harmful things I’ve read in a textbook about this sort of thing, and it just hurt. I hurt for myself, and for the larger community. Contained within the chapter were points made from outdated sources, pseudoscience, stereotypes, generalizations, and horrifically overstated claims. They said (and I quote) “children with adhd are burdens to teachers and parents”. They also literally only addressed boys / children who are boys. There’s zero mentions of adulthood adhd, nor of adhd in folks who aren’t little boys.   They also claimed that we are over diagnosed to an extreme - like practically 90% of the time.   They claimed that ALL people over the age of 8 or so fabricate symptoms to get an adhd diagnosis so they can fuel an addiction. They mention the addiction thing a lot.   They also mentioned that mothers and female teachers are biased against little boys and therefore pathologize normal young male behaviors out of a place of hate/ignorance.  I can go on, but I think you get the point. It claimed to represent “both sides” of the “argument” meanwhile they literally did no such thing and made sweeping generalizations that are harmful.    I talked to my boyfriend about it, and I told him a part of me felt I should say something to my professor but I was anxious/didn’t know if I was overreacting.   He encouraged me to do it, and I did, despite the lightweight panic attack I had to fight.     This morning, I got replies.  She expressed overwhelming support for our community, and made it very clear that her and I are absolutely on the same page. She went further to note why she felt I was correct and how wrong it all was. She went on to suggest that she help me take this to the publishers/authors of the textbook to make an even bigger impact.   She then said she was going to make a new module for the class to address adhd, pseudoscience, ableism against adhd, etc and share resources so that the whole class becomes better educated and aware. She asked if I’d be willing to look at her ideas and sources and be a sounding board for her, I said yes.  This is not a “good for me” post. This is was a victory against myself and my anxiety - yes. But more than that I did this for all of you. I did this because of how much love and respect I have for our community. I hope this brightens your day.   {EDIT} : Several people have asked me for the title of the textbook. Here’s the truth as to why I did not immediately provide it at first : classic “overwhelm” lol. I was in a sh*t storm of homework and getting more likes and comments than I ever anticipated / have ever received (ABSOLUTELY NOT A COMPLAINT I HAVE SO MUCH GRATITUDE AND LOVE FOR ALL OF YOU) I was just getting super sensory overloaded on top of being with a friend at the time who was playing insanely loud video games and trying to talk to me. So a very simple request was not followed through with in as timely of a manner as I should have - I apologize. This apparently created suspicion so I want to clear that up if I can. Here’s the information for the textbook.   Berger, K. (2019). LaunchPad for Invitation to the Life Span (Six Months Access) (4th ed.). Macmillan. [ISBN 9781319211394]   My professor and I have had a really hard time figuring out how to move forward since she could only find this person on LinkedIn, but I’m going to create an account and try that method (I’ve never used that site before) and see what happens. I looked into this author and I have yet to see any red flags, which is odd to me considering how harmful this was.   A huge thank you to all of you who have been so incredibly kind and supportive of me. I literally did not expect anyone to even read this if I’m being honest, and I was nervous to post it - hence it not being entirely articulate. But your overwhelming (in the best way) love and support has already brought me so much healing and acceptance within myself. I wish the best for each and every one of you. Thank you for sharing your hearts and stories with me. I’m proud to be a part of this community, because of all of you in large part. I did this for all of you. You deserve someone to at least attempt to fight for you.
