aecc97a7964aff50e1280b9e23cfd1f24c796f2f3d4f2f1ed66dbf91da882171;;;I'm a "high functioning" professional with ADHD. And yet I'm having an episode and have come to a total standstill, with paralyzing anxiety.;;;I just need to get this out in a community that understands.  I am reasonably high functioning, with a good professional job and life that from the outside looks decently put together.  But I'm crumbling right now.  I wake up every morning and I can't move.  The anxiety sits on my chest like a massive lazy animal.  All of the steps toward getting through the day are there in my head - sit up, bathe, get dressed, breakfast, log in to work, the work tasks for the day.  They aren't hard.  But I sit there.  I'll do anything not to face these simple tasks.  And to face, by extension, the uncertainty of whether I'll succeed or fail at them, and the endless experience of failure and disappointment in myself - from me and from others.  I'm feeling crushed by the constant experience of being unable to rely on myself.  Of every moment, setting out to do a task, or a series of small steps.  And not knowing if I will, in fact, do what I'm calling on myself to do.  Setting a goal feels like setting myself up for failure.  Sitting there pulling out one coping mechanism after another.  Break it down into baby steps!  Put on a playlist!  Change your environment!  Speak the next step out loud!  Get up from your chair and write down the next step while walking around!  Do 10 push ups!  Work for 10 minutes, then take a break!  Like a parent working to keep their voice patient while reasoning with a toddler that has thrown themselves down in the middle of the sidewalk and refuses to move.  Sometimes in fits and starts, these things work.  Sometimes they still don't.  It's exhausting, these constant coping mechanisms and ra-ra coaching in my head to slog through very simple tasks.    I was diagnosed in middle age.  I think, to some extent in the modern world, most of us sometimes feel like life is little more than an endless to do list.  But I now understand better why my life has always felt like a perpetual unfinished to do list.  With the ADHD I have more trouble than usual transitioning appropriately between one task and another.  I have a lot of trouble putting the appropriate amount of work on any given task - starting the task, evaluating it, understanding how much effort is worthwhile and what is too much or too little, planning out the microsteps in the task, moving through them without getting stuck or sidetracked or spending way too long on one and being unable to engage with the next, and then, the hardest part, know how wrap up and finish.  To know when the task is appropriately done, and not overdone and not underdone, whether I put in enough effort and focus to do it will enough but not so much that.  And even if I can figure that out - can I DO it.  This is constant.  And it multiplies exponentially over the course of each hour, each task, each project, each day.  It's particularly hard because I'm just feeling the weight of all the ways I feel I've let people down recently and over the long term.  I want to come out of the closet with ADHD.  I want to rail at the world, to say, yes, I need to take responsibility but I also need you to understand why there are bumps and hiccups along the way.  I need you to understand that I'm trying when it looks like I'm not.  I know what it would sound like if I did, though.  My husband understands \*better\* than he used to, but there's still a suspicion, it still doesn't make sense to him, and we struggle under the weight of all my perceived letdowns since long before I was diagnosed.  I also feel like I might be feeling too much weight there, more than actually exists.  That I might be suffocating under the weight of these perceived judgements, and withdrawing from people, long after they have moved on from the original issue.    Mindfulness is supposed to be good for us, and in some ways it is.  But mindfulness is also a trap.  If I'm too mindful, I might fall deeply into the experience of doing one thing, so deeply that I'll lose track of time or risk missing the next thing I was supposed to do.  I'm always terrified when I have to take a shower in the morning, for instance, that I will forget utterly that I am on a schedule to get out the door.  The outside world and the clock will melt away and I'll just be there, in the experience of the shower, playing with my soaps, singing, considering how thoroughly to exfoliate my toes.  Then I'll be late to work AGAIN.   So I'm constantly vigilant and anxious instead.  I'm suffering.  The vigilance and anxiety are double edged swords.  In part I've developed them as a result of so many failures, to help keep me on my toes.  My brain constantly reminding "what about this task?  What about THAT task?  what about all the tasks out there that I can't remember right this moment?  They're out there waiting to strike, you need to somehow get a handle on them."  But I can't organize the whatabouts.  There's the constant jumping, from minute detail of this task to minute detail of that task.    I feel confident that there is a better way.  I feel confident that there is a way to accept the struggle a bit more.  To accept that I am this way and I'll do my best within and I'll find the best ways I can to work within my strengths and weaknesses.  The way forward is to set one small goal and allow myself to struggle and meander toward it.  It's very hard for me to hold just one thing, just one task in my head at a time.  I'll get sidetracked, impulsively put it down mentally without even realizing it.  In fact, I shouldn't expect that I won't.  I need to figure out a way for that to be OK.  Because I still do get a lot of things done.  But it just seems like it's never OK, with anyone else or in turn, with me internally.  I never have time to practice this better way, because the to do list keeps spinning faster that I can keep up.  And every time I get closer to being OK with it, someone else's disappointment brings my entire history of failure crashing down on my head again.  But I'm also angry a lot with the people close to me recently, in part because this whole history seems to crash down with every interaction.  So I'm just shut down right now.  I've refused to do anything this weekend.  It's not good.  That's why they thought I just had depression for thirty odd years.  Pretty soon I'll pick it up again and try to work toward that better way again.    Thanks for listening.  EDIT: Sincerest thanks to everyone who has read and commented.  I am feeling better just to have gotten this off my chest and to have connected with other folks in the same boat.  SECOND EDIT: Dang. This blew up in a quite unexpected way. I'm sorry that I can't respond to all comments, but I am slowly reading through them all and really appreciate the conversation, understanding, and tips everyone is sharing.  And while I'm not happy to hear that so many people are having the same problems, I feel very heard - and I am glad if this post could make others feel heard too. I shared my post with my husband to try and help articulate what is happening in each moment and how it affects me, and he was thankful and I think able to understand a bit better.  Moreover, I worked today, and while (shocker) I still have ADHD, I was able to let go of so much shame by posting, which gave me more space just to deal with my mind and tasks as they came up, and it went better.  So thank you all very much again.
