b414840e911df53b77f0a3ddca82aaa7388f4ce127bcafd7f5be840891404699;;;I hate how insecure and unsure my ADHD has made me.;;;I know this is probably something a lot of us struggle with but it’s still hard. I went for 29 years of my life wondering why I always felt so immature compared to my peers. I felt like any small thing I did or said massively impacted the way people looked at me. I’ve struggled to make friends and I’ve struggled to keep the ones I do have. I have never given myself credit and am always self conscious of how I look, move, talk, and act. I feel like a lot of it stemmed from my undiagnosed ADHD.   I just want you guys to know you are enough. You’re amazing and I get how hard it is. You’re not alone.   Edit/Update:   Guys thank you so much! This got a lot more attention than I thought it would and I tried to respond to as many as I could!   I just want to say to all of you that feel the same way and struggle with RSD that you aren’t alone. You aren’t a screw up and you have a beautiful and sensitive heart. I feel like people with ADHD have the biggest kindest hearts and that’s something to be proud of!   To anyone who is on the fence about seeking help or a diagnosis, please do it! You won’t regret it!   To all the people who got a diagnosis late in life and struggle with the what if’s of their past, I got diagnosed at 29 and made a ton of huge mistakes due to my ADHD brain. I finally sought help after being continually frustrated with my two toddlers and not feeling like I was a good enough parent/ not being able to conform to societies expectations. Now I accept who I am and am trying to learn to love myself again. It’s not to late!   To everyone with ADHD, Don’t hate yourself. It’s okay that others don’t understand, the most important thing is for you to love and understand yourself. Enjoy your journey of self discovery and be patient with yourself. Don’t worry if you can’t keep up with today’s pace, learn your own pace! Plus the world would be so boring without us!   If you need someone to listen please pm me! You’re not alone! Thanks for all the support and advice!   Good vibes, Prayers, Peace Be With You, and Namaste! ❤️☯️☮️   Edit 2: Thanks for the gold and the award kind strangers! Much love!!!!
