bcc667a3789ffe6e4a1aa3e6b65ae06176639ed3d15c49481a0f0cbcd34e26e6;;;Guard your minds, there be gaslighters afoot;;;"I just want to be normal"  A common sentiment, especially for people with ADHD.  Our memories fail us, executive functioning is all out of whack, and we just seem to struggle more than the people around us.  It sucks.  And we automatically learn how to hide it, by masking.  We smile and nod through conversations when we can't process them in real time.  We take emotional cues from other people when we're not sure how much is appropriate.  And we rely on other people's memories to fill in the gaps when our own memory fails us.  But there's a danger to doing this too.  People who don't trust their own memory are prime targets for gaslighting and abuse.  It starts off small. Your friend unexpectedly announces that you'd planned to meet up with them today.  You followed all the instructions your boss gave you to the letter, but now he says that you did it all wrong.  A collegue made a bad joke at your expense and is now telling you you shouldn't be so sensitive about it.  And these are all things that people with ADHD do genuinely do - we forget, we are bad at planning, we take rejection to heart.  But if you feel like in a certain environment your ADHD is magnified more than normal, start being critical of the people around you.  Did you really plan that meeting?  You have no record of it on WhatsApp, where did that idea to meet come from?   Your boss said that the way you've followed the instructions is all wrong, but he was never clear about them in the first place.   And check in with a friend - was that joke out of line?  Get a second opinion.  It might not be you being overly sensitive.  Don't be afraid to trust your own memories over what others tell you.  Don't be afraid to challenge the narrative they're trying to feed you.  If it turns out they were right after all, no harm done, you tested a situation well.  Its better than feeling like your ADHD is out of control around oddly specific people, and you're going insane.  &#x200B;  Tl;Dr: ADHD makes you a prime target for gaslighting.  Trust your own memories and if things don't line up, don't automatically suspect the problem is with you.
