d169af73f0880d106995caa81d8c3a84b9e9ab0ad1425563f98a11453e9b610f;;;your childhood pain is real. don’t let anybody try to tell you otherwise.;;;hi all! I just stumbled upon this video: [ADHD Child vs. Non-ADHD Child Interview](https://youtu.be/-IO6zqIm88s) and I sorta started sobbing. For those of y’all who don’t have the time/energy to watch the video: two 6-year-old kids (one with ADHD and one without it) are asked questions about how they feel about themselves, their performance in school, their social lives, etc. Anybody with ADHD can IMMEDIATELY tell that that little girl is the child with ADHD. She describes herself as feeling lonely, being bullied by others, feeling like she’s an average student despite getting As, and feeling like she’s a bad child. The video ends with a message saying that children with ADHD also usually suffer from other mental health problems like depression and anxiety. The combination of what she was describing closely resembling what I experienced as a child and the fact that she kinda looks like I did when I was her age just sorta broke me a bit and I started crying. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6 but I wasn’t diagnosed with depression and anxiety (despite showing VERY clear symptoms of it as a child) until I had entered high school. I have never once in my life felt like I’m a good person, that I’m pretty, or that I fit in with people socially. Whenever I tried to bring up the fact that I had been showing depressive/anxious symptoms since childhood, my mother (a non-ADHD person) brushed it off and got annoyed whenever I would make jokes about being a bad child. However, after watching that video and speaking to my best friend since preschool, I know that I wasn’t making up the way I felt. I KNOW what I felt as a child and I KNOW that I didn’t receive the proper emotional support from my parents despite their best efforts.  I don’t really know where I was going with this but I just want ANYBODY struggling with processing their childhood memories to know that: you are not crazy, you are not alone, your pain was/is real and valid. You are loved and what you experienced wasn’t your fault. Please just remember that.
