d296b0d612dd066ef5ea508d4e62a28cc00d4b365ee72a17ac1dc80f75ad5a47;;;And that's why you ALWAYS leave a note...;;;Guys, he left a note. HE LEFT ME A NOTE.   My husband is a freak of nature where he can remember things without setting alarms, or without writing things down, or without tracing and retracing his steps over and over again. So he has a very difficult time understanding how my brain works.   The past few years, my brain has been in overdrive (ADHD + severe mom brain) so I cannot remember anything. Things I'm supposed to do every day, or something that may seem routine to most people, is a HUGE chore for me to remember. I'm constantly forgetting to do things and my husband blames this on a lack of communication, but it's honestly I just. can't. remember.   Queue summer. We have a pool. Typically my husband is in charge of pool maintenance, but since I work from home (especially now), he relies on me to turn on the pump or do some small daily tasks that may need to be done. We have been at each other's throats because I have forgotten to turn on the pump for the filter quite frequently. Which then in turn, turns the pool green. Well since i have 700000 other things flying through my brain, I didn't think to add it to my list. So he tells me that I should "just know this stuff after 3 years" and then I suggested sending me a text when something needs to be done as a reminder. He says that he's busy and can't always do that.   Well guys, I woke up to a note today. "Turn the pump on at 10am! Love you!"   He has never once written me a reminder note. Guys, I think he's starting to understand that I'm not just ignoring him or purposely forgetting things. He wants to help me!  **Edit:** Wow! This is my first successful Reddit post ever and I'm glad that it's part of an Arrested Development reference :) Thanks everyone for the replies and comments, I assure you that I've read them all, I wish I could reply to them all! And thank you kind stranger for the gold!   Quick update: I made hubby an awesome dinner last night and told him how much it meant that he was trying to help me and that I think we're a great team and all that great stuff. Then the kids went to bed and we had more fun.   Also, we just started using a shared calendar, so the notes and reminders will continue and we will get into a rhythm, this is just the beginning!   Finally, the pump WILL be automated as soon as we can get this last piece delivered. We are adding a heater this year, so we are redoing all of the electric around the pump/filter to make it more efficient and safer for the kids!
