e749ed9c4f448b1f6ab4d67cb4ad7cc988a26a507f666d9883729c077c41279b;;;Best friend laughed at my diagnosis and said "modern technology has made everyone ADHD. 99% of people who get a diagnosis are perfectly fine, just taking the easy way out". How do you deal with those you trust doubting or minimizing your diagnosis?;;;Diagnosed at 29 after a lifelong brain struggle and an avalanche of family members diagnosed this winter/spring (brother at 26, mom at 62, maternal aunt at 64). This week was my first on adderall, and it feels like my brain finally works right! It’s a big adjustment for my brain and body, but I feel like it’s working. That said, I’ve been dealing with a LOT of self-doubt on my diagnosis now that I have it—a lot of “what if I don’t actually have it, I’m just anxious and depressed and lazy and unfocused and self-indulgent and messy and selfish because really I just suck as a person??”  I was catching up with one of my best friends last night, someone who has known me since I was 16, knows me better than almost anyone else in the world—hell we even dated on and off when we were 17-21, so he’s been intimately aware of a LOT of my disordered patterns and thinking. I thought he’d be supportive when I told him my diagnosis, would be like “wow, that actually makes SO much sense!” like my mother and boyfriend and sister were. But instead, he LAUGHED at me, and said “well, we all have a little ADHD!”  He went into kind of a rant about how modern technology makes us ALL unable to properly focus, how being exposed to screens since birth and smart phones since our teen years has rewired our brains and altered our reward centers. How “doping up” little boys in Ritalin in the 90’s and early 2000’s has been proven to have destroyed a generation of men with needless medication. How I haven’t done enough research before “gleefully altering \[my\] brain chemistry, with no knowledge of how permanent it could be”. He wasn’t trying to say that actual ADHD doesn’t exist, but that “99% of people diagnosed with ADHD have nothing wrong with them, it’s a fad diagnosis, and those issues can be fixed with exercise and cognitive behavioral therapy. Those people are wrecking their brains so they can take the easy way out.” He added that his younger half brother was just diagnosed at 14 and put on meds, and “in a few years he’ll get to college and discover coffee and realize he was actually fine the whole time.”  I was so, so, so upset. It was like he reached into my brain, pulled out all of my worries and self-doubt around my diagnosis, and read them back to me point by point. I trust his perspective immensely, both as an incredibly logical and thoughtful person and as someone who has known me so well since I was practically still in braces. I just cannot get his voice out of my head now. What if he’s right? What if I’m permanently wrecking my actually healthy brain chemistry? I’m torn between being angry with my friend and appreciative of his bluntness, which I normally really appreciate about him.   Has anyone else had this experience? Especially any other adult women? My brother had the “oh, it all makes so much sense now!” reaction from his friends and our loved ones when he was diagnosed, since he’s always had trouble with school and impulse regulation. But I get the “well you’ve always been doing fine? You have a house and a career and a great education? Are you really SURE its not just the crippling anxiety everyone knows you have??”   How do you deal with people doubting you? How do you explain the crippling and lifelong internal struggle when, outwardly, you were able to build a perfectly healthy and successful life without a diagnosis and meds?
