f8bb8865a4312a45708aa7bac20a2fb42045452472368ccd681e22f4087a510f;;;Dear Former Gifted Kids,;;;It's not your fault that you struggled when you gained autonomy.  It's not your fault that it's difficult, if not impossible to clean or maintain personal hygiene.  &#x200B;  You don't have to be perfect or prove yourself to anyone, even though it may feel that way.  You don't have to make A's in every class anymore. It doesn't mean you're not smart, it means you're learning and growing.  &#x200B;  It's okay that anxiety precedes every phone call, and it's okay that you missed an appointment.  It's okay that you struggle to make friends or maintain relationships.  &#x200B;  To be blunt, ***it's okay if you fuck up.***  &#x200B;  Everybody fucks up sometimes, not just those of us with ADHD or co-morbid disorders. I personally needed to hear some of this stuff at one point in my life, so I’m passing the torch, so to speak.  I hope you don't see this as an empty, sweet nothing, but your best is enough. It really is. It's okay to fail, and it's okay if you're not the best at something. Being the best is boring cause there's no learning or challenge left anyway :)  &#x200B;  Edit: It's my understanding that many of us were labeled as gifted children growing up, and I hope this doesn't feel exclusive to anyone that wasn't. I think that ADHD sucks for most who struggle with it, that it's not a "super power," but that we are ALL intelligent and creative in unique ways. This is just in response to those memes about how we all grew up and got super depressed, or weren't diagnosed because "we got good grades." I also don't mean to insinuate that you're not smart anymore, the title is really just in reference to the memes :)  Update: The response to this has been unexpected and humbling. You are all so wonderful, and I love reading about your own experiences. I grew up very anxious and lonely, and I'm emotional at the thought of how many of you shared that pain. Thank you all for being so open and kind <3
