636485868971eac5aca33c4a0e1800a8a11d980bcf0e3776b31002e2c5db91b2;;;title;;;text
4d11c260c44491efdf5cfceaf0f60679c6d188595f203a67c25924d6859d0119;;;Asking for help;;;My partner (43m DX) and I (38f) have been together for four years.   Full disclosure - I'm a long term redditor who created this account to join this sub and ask questions, read and learn from your experiences. There are reasons I wanted a throwaway for this, which we can chat about later.   We're married, and have spent the first half of time in our relationship really, truly enjoying each others company and interests. I knew he was DX when we first started dating, and even when difficulties with his ADHD started to show, I thought that this was just part of the challenge, and that I was doing the right thing by staying and supporting him.   I have struggled since marriage, realizing that maybe the things I dont necessarily love are just 'him' and not 'ADHD' as he so often says. I feel a lot of guilt even saying things like that - should I not love all aspects of him? even the ADHD? However, any time there is a struggle - he forgets things, shuts me out, hyperfocuses on details for days... when I talk to him about it he does a defensive 'well, its my ADHD' thing.  A girl at work today told me that her ex-partner had adhd and that his medication really helped with his symptoms. My husband takes medication every day, for almost 15 years, and while I recognize the marked difference if he doesnt take the meds (he's a complete asshole if he's off meds), I dont know that the meds actual help the management of his day to day.   I'm on the edge. The Edge, the edge.  Looking for insight, support, anything. I question every decision I make every day, if I'm making things better or worse. We're under a lot of stress with our careers, covid, and have also been trying to have a baby for the past year (and are starting fertility treatments).
93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Husband's emotional dysregulation during stressful time is taking a toll on me - what should I do? (He lost his job of many years);;;My husband is diagnosed with ADHD. He has been medicated for several years.   He recently-ish (June) lost his job, has been under high stress, is not finding luck with finding another.   Our relationship has gone downhill since he lost his job.   Now I must say - this guy has given everything for me and our child and he is the sweetest and absolute love of my life. He also isn't the only one with mental issues, I suffer from some too.  He starts fights over things that don't make sense(but I'm sure they do to him), lashes out(never physically),then also "hides" by not speaking to me for long periods of time, doesn't give much sympathy to situations where I need support, etc.  It makes me want to curl up and cry and it's been giving me anxiety attacks.  I know it's not entirely his fault. He's under so much stress, I imagine he must feel like he's breaking inside. He had this job for so so long and now....he doesn't. And it was a job he very much enjoyed.  I don't know what to say now or ask. But I'll try to get somewhere with this.   I'd love answers from both those with and without ADHD.  1. How do I support him through this time?  2. Is there anything I should/shouldn't say to him about how he has been acting?   3. How can I not let the harsh words he says get to me?  4. How can we work through this together?  5. How can I get the support that I need through this, if he is not here for me as a support during this time?  No need to answer all questions, I guess those are just starting points or something. Just to get ideas flowing.  And if there's anything you want to add, please do.  Thanks in advance for any replies
82f537ec5da050d46796ebc74dc9564e271fe012a7d927d30bb72c093897322c;;;ADHD Partner Hurt Our Dog;;;My wife was bringing the dogs in the other night and was getting bitten by mosquitoes. Our tiny, delicate dog, an Italian greyhound, didn’t want to go to her right away because she was freaking him out trying to swat mosquitoes away. Once she got a hold of him, she tossed him onto the porch and it caused him to break his leg (he had just recovered from his other leg being broken from a yard mishap tripping or stumbling). She knows he is very fragile and to never do something like that, but she said she just “didn’t think”. She says that for a lot of the things she does that cost us sanity and/or money.   I’m really upset about the whole thing because it never should’ve happened. She promises it will never happen again, but you know how that goes. Now we have another $1,500 bill when we are barely getting by as it is, and our poor little dog had to go through so much suffering and trauma AGAIN. I’m not sure if we should make a rule that she’s never allowed to touch him, or that he should just be rehomed as it’s too dangerous for him with her around.  I’m really looking for suggestions and feedback here...I just don’t know what to do about her anymore.
9d48950a3015ccbbe919584220f87655c5b024756c1e5895b975bdfd13fc3b4b;;;Feeling so guilty about possible separation;;;I talked to my spouse (ADHD PI, medicated at work but not at home, poor coping skills, passive about personal growth) about possibly having a trial separation where we could each work on the things that have made our relationship so difficult. He basically said he would be too emotionally upset to be able to do anything to work on himself if I leave him. He struggled after his previous divorce for some time. He doesn't seek help. He just flounders.   &amp;#x200B;  So now I have to choose between a full separation with no possibility of mutual work and reconciliation or staying with him. I do not know what to do. The guilt at wanting to leave is killing me, but he's put me through so much I don't even understand why I feel so guilty and ambivalent except that I love him and know he can't help how his brain works. He's pretty low functioning and has not taken responsibility for his self-management until very recently but of course, having severe ADHD he can't be perfect at it. I feel like I've had to carry him for so long that it's almost killed me, but I feel so guilty at wanting a break. Not sure what I am asking exactly.
9bc55e46bac3e49551dcae9c4adec76bb6403d26b30054311dab48a1de35d95a;;;Academic/job concerns?;;;Hey guys! I am new to this group and reddit in general. I came across this group and I could use some support and advice. I am 20 (F) and my partner (M) is 19, and he has been diagnosed with ADHD since he was young. We have been together for a little over a year. For the most part, things between us are wonderful. We communicate well, he is very kind and romantic to me, and we have the best conversations! He lives in a different country, but we go to the same college, so we are only long distance for a couple of months out of the year, and we tend to manage it well.   My concern is about his academic capabilities. We go to a good university, and I know that he is incredibly smart, but he cannot focus on school work. He pushes off his work until the night before it is due (3am-4am sometimes), he barely studies, he often oversleeps and misses one class and then does not go to any classes for the rest of the day/week sometimes. He has failed many classes and his GPA is concerning. He does not like what he is majoring in, but he doesn't know what else he likes (academically) and he cannot change his major because it is what his parents are forcing him to do.   I am very organized, motivated, and driven and I come from a strict, conservative family who expects me to end up with someone who shares that same ambition, so they have a lot of reservations about my partner which upsets me.   Nonetheless, I adore him and I want to make our relationship work by understanding him better and learning how to help him, but I cannot be his parent, and I need him to at least be able to get and hold a job post-graduation in order for us to be together long term.   His parents have gotten him summer jobs through their connections because he has always been too scared of failure to apply on his own, but the jobs they get him are all in his country, and he is not interested in them. I am scared his ADHD is going to prevent him from landing a job on his own, especially since he does not know what he wants to do and he doesn't have the freedom to do it anyway because of his family. When I try to help him figure this out and give him suggestions, he shuts down and becomes overwhelmed and sad.   We have talked about this a lot as a couple, and he really wants to change and try harder, but I have heard that from him many times with no results. On a positive note, he is trying to take his meds more as a start, and I try to acknowledge this effort as much as I can to support him.  How can I help him without parenting him? Does anyone else have experience with anything similar? I am becoming exhausted of trying to micromanage him academically, and I know it is not good for him either, but I fear if I stop, he won't be able to get a job, and even if he does, it'll be one his parents get him in his country where we will be apart and he will be unhappy doing something he does not like.
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;What are some routines you have in place?;;;For now we got a common online calendar and a chalkboard that barely gets used.    But what other systems have you tried and tested, that actually seem to stick?
ee439879ad3bf08a460c87cdf33e41b7329f5dc0905835e8a77fca6f3c600453;;;My wife says she's going out for an hour...;;;She leaves at 8pm, says she's having coffee with a friend at her house for an hour.  I'm at home with the kids and I decided to let them stay up and look through the telescope.   She'd be home by the time it got dark, so we could all have some time together.   At 10:36 PM I sent her a text - "Are you still alive?" Jokingly because this behaviour is pretty normal for her and I'm upset she abandoned me and the kids again.  She writes back 26 minutes later saying that she is playing a game.  My wife has her phone in her hand more often than not.  She checks it routinely when she is with other people... So I should have paid more attention to the speed of response, but I guess I thought maybe she was finally getting it... Be present with the people you are with.    At 3:50 AM, I wake up and she's not sleeping beside me.  I worry she's actually dead this time.  I go to her computer to try to see if I can track her location through her phone.  I couldn't figure out how to do it.  We used to have location sharing turned on for each of our phones, but she decided it was creepy and turned hers off maybe a little over a year ago.  So, I start looking through her Facebook and email to see if I can get some clue as to where she might be.  Wonder to myself "how long does one have to wait for a missing persons report?".  In her email I find a poem in her drafts folder.  The draft is from April... The contents make it clear that she's at least kissing another guy.  She speaks of his lips touching hers...I automatically assume she's out with the guy at that moment and has decided to sleep over.  I can't sleep.    4:29 AM she writes back saying that she's on her way.   Oh, good she's not dead at least... But where the hell was she?   She arrives around 4:40 AM and she sticks to the story of being at her friend's house, drinking too much and losing track of time.  I don't recall if she mentions anything about sleeping, but she says her friend will drive her car over for her tomorrow and she's taking the day off of work (shift was supposed to start at 6AM).  I tell her how I think she's been out with another guy, she denies it and offers for me to call her friend.  I tell her I saw the poem, she insisted it was just a poem and nothing more.   This goes on for a while until I tell her that if she is not cheating, she can let me look through her phone.    She lets me look through her phone and I go through Facebook messages, texts, Instagram and Snapchat.  I mostly target messages from guys thinking that it must be a guy. After a while I start wondering if maybe it was a girl she was cheating on me with.  So I start again, looking at text messages I find a name I don't recognize.  The woman apparently works with her and noticed that she looked off the day off the message (Wednesday).   She says it has something to do with what she had told her the other day and then mentions something about the guy's wife throwing her rings at him.   I read this all and I still don't want to believe what I am reading.  She still insists that she was with her friend and I should call her to confirm.  She eventually admits to going out on a couple of dates with the guy and kissing him.  I am nearly certain she's not telling me the whole story, but the details won't help me feel any closer to accepting this.  I tell her I want her to move out, she refuses.  She says she needs help and we should go for counseling.  I tell her that I don't know that I can ever trust her again and that I would expect things out of her that I don't think she would do.  She maintains that she doesn't want to be away from the kids and wants to work it out.  She begs me not to tell the kids or anyone what she has done.  It's now time for me to go to work...  Many coffee later and leaving early, she and I talk outside while the kids are inside.  She seems to want to work things out still, but I don't feel like she feels remorse for her actions, I think she's just upset she got caught.   I made a list of things I want from her so that we can continue living in the same house while she rebuilds my trust... Not as a couple, she will sleep on the couch.  One of my things on my list was to delete her social media accounts and never use them again.  She refuses to delete her Facebook and it's unclear whether or not she will do any of the other things, because it seems she stopped reading after that.    Has anyone been in a similar situation? Is there any point in even trying?  I'm too close to the problem to think clearly about it.    I am afraid telling anyone I know makes it real and forces me to act quickly and without thinking it through.  To make things even more fun, her mom is in from out of town and I get to pretend like everything is normal.  I'm sure she can tell something is up.  I wonder if she noticed my wife sleeping on the couch. I'm happy to have told someone even if nobody replies.  Please be kind in your replies, I want nothing but happiness for the mother of my kids and I've told her that if that means we aren't together, that's okay with me.
4158af2df1b53b2d487ee715e33e9737cb66263186f059e8f24f55374f741d9b;;;Am I wrong for wanting an apology from my DX S.O even though I know he can’t help it ?;;;My(24) S.O(25) was DX a few months ago and he started on Medication. We have known he’s had ADHD our whole relationship (2 years married 6 years together) but we never realized it was the reason for his lack of help around the house. I always thought of it as laziness. Until we found this page and it helped us realize his condition was the real issue. House chores was something that we argued about frequently our entire relationship. It has become a huge issue for me and we have had many many fights in regards to this. Since being medicated 3 months ago, he has been better with helping me around the house. Still not as much as I want him to. But enough to where I am happy and very grateful for the help I can get. I left for a weekend trip with some friends. Before leaving I had cleaned almost the whole house, but I left a room for him to clean. He said he will have it done before I got back. When I returned. I was disappointed to see he had not done what he said he would do. This brought back a lot of emotions and feelings from the past. I felt let down. Him not sticking to his word always made me feel like I can’t rely on him. He mentioned he forgot his medication at work so he couldn’t clean the room. I understand that. I understand he has ADHD. But he was so confused why I still seemed a little upset or bothered (it was mainly showing in my face). I just said I wished he would apologize. It sounds so simple and silly. Especially given is DX. But I’m still left feeling how it always made me feel. He never apologized about it In the past. And he even more so feels it’s unnecessary  to apologize, given that he forgot his medication and his condition is to blame. Is it wrong of me to still be upset ? to want an apology for something he can’t always control ? I just could really use some advice.
32e175f6b537acd381bf54c9ce474bd65d8f75fe58178d129886e90165ee873c;;;I do not feel cared for but always caring.;;;Hello, I am new to Reddit, so please bear with me. I (27f) live with my partner (30m) since the last 5 months. to give a background Before living together we started dating like 7-8 months ago trough a social media platform. We got really close really fast and it was like nothing before, I have never felt this close or clicked with someone in this manner. There was so much love, since day one. He also moved countries to be with me, and it is almost like we saved each other. Both of us have gone through suicidal idealization and attempts. My partner has ADHD (dx), and  Dysgraphia (dx) . He is now un-medicated, as his medication really fucked with a lot of his daily life and routine, and most importantly sleep, and made him anxious.  I am battling with Depression, Anxiety, OCD since as long as I can remember. I stopped taking medication a few years back except SOS for sleep, even that I haven't taken in like 3 years. I am in therapy but I do not take medication as it affected my memory and day to day life, i was completely dysfunctional. I am in therapy though.   Now he says since he has been with me, it has calmed him down, made him feel safe and understood and his sleeping patterns are pretty good now. Which makes me really happy. I am also doing much better, I sleep well, eat right, I do not get sad or have crying spells like I did before. I feel loved and cared for. I have my own person now. SO, everything is pretty good.   THE PROBLEM IS:  I feel resentful about a lot of household chores, and I do not feel special. I feel loved but not someone that he would go the extra mile for. I know a lot of this is his condition and not him. I sometimes find myself like a housewife, or worse a mother, taking care of him and go like well, what about me. I work from home, he doesn't. He is also "Lazy" which is to say a lot of his condition is also manifesting in him not wanting to do the work for the house or for me. and because I feel terrible to ask him to do anything. Though he really helps me in running errands, buying stuff etc. But I have to tell him. I end up feeling resentful in times when something small ticks me off, and I end up really really angry. I do not like this version of myself. **I was wondering if there are any real methods I can use to navigate this.** I also have a big problem in asking for things in general. I am always calculating. I realise the problem lies with me. I want to be a better partner. But sometimes, I just feel not cared for.  Like sometimes, I want to be tended to, but I guess I resent being a baby so much that when my partner needs care, I somewhere resent him as well.   I also feel because we didn't have the initial phase of dating, showing up, impressing each other, looking good for each other and after LDR, we slipped into the domestic. I miss being taken out on dates or some drama (really childish, i know). But how do we have some resemblance of romance, I do not know. Please help. I feel like an asshole to even type this and ask for help on Reddit.
a33831d47e68786b89383a4d793a0f961c5a3aeb2d36c8a2da7e741ac49f332d;;;Vent/I’m trying but is there even any hope?;;;This is my first ever post and open discussion about my relationship so please go easy on me.   My partner is NDX ADHD (28yrs). 5 years in with 2 children and I find myself constantly thinking ‘will this ever get better?’. I am 100% alone in this relationship. I know and understand that he has no control over some things but there are times where it just feels like such a personal attack.   Our relationship started off amazing...until I fell pregnant and became the ‘boring’ one per say. This is when I started to notice that there was always something/someone that was more important (literally anything). I was no longer a priority and it felt like I had been thrown in the gutter. I still held on because I thought maybe he was just struggling coming to terms with being a father and new responsibilities. I suffered pretty bad PND and was hospitalised. During this time, I really tried to put all my energy in healing myself and building the relationship with our child. He never said it, but his actions spoke a thousand words. I was being to needy and he had no interest in it. He started to stop visiting, constantly out with his mates getting pissed/high/I’ll never really know. BUT there were still moments where I felt his love and could see his love for our child.   Fast forward 2 years, still the same things. Phone/people/anything of interest to him was more important. Anything to do with myself or our child was boring to him. While he was the fulltime worker (and I will always give him credit for having such good work ethic), asking him to contribute to anything for the child was just a big NO. There was no problems getting loans/finance to buy cars/motorbikes/anything that he was interested in but soon as I’d mention ‘babe we need to buy this’ he wasn’t having a bar I’d it. I still longed for his love and attention. I didn’t want to tarnish his relationship with our child, and honestly didn’t want our child to have a broken family like I had.   Fell pregnant again, was an even worse pregnancy experience for me. I don’t even know how to explain it because I feel like nobody out there would understand. I was mentally stronger this time and was able to build quite a strong support network with my family &amp; friends. Until my family moved 3 hours away and I was left in our town alone. Partner knew it was taking a big toll on me and would encourage me to go visit my parents for a couple of days almost every fortnight. What a big difference it was making! I got to get away with our kids and actually had help. Not to mention my cup was being filled. Turned out he just wanted us out of the house and 3 hours away because he knew he could get away with whatever toxic activity meant more than his family (drinking/drugs).   I’m not saying he is a bad father, but if I am true to myself what father would risk it all so he can just go out and impress his mates for a night or go and get high. Our children absolutely adore their Daddy. Our eldest (3) thinks he is just the best. But when they want to interact with him or get his attention, he snaps at them. Tells them to sit down and watch tv. To be quiet and don’t interrupt him on his phone. It’s all about what he wants to give on his terms. Our youngest is a lot less trusting in him for emotional needs. Their relationship is different, they’ve struggled to gel from the beginning.   The constant lies, lack of care, lack of emotion. It’s so freaking hard! There is ALWAYS something more important than me no matter what I do. I’m always the one nagging him. He will lie to my face and then when I confront him on his behaviours, he gets so defensive and nasty. But then will go into this depressive spiral when he gets caught saying he does love me and doesn’t understand why his brain messes up all the time and begs me not to leave. That he only got angry and nasty because he knew he done wrong and does want to disappoint me again. I carry the weight of this home on my back. All responsibilities are on me. Yes, he does work. But I cook/clean/raise children/do all the boring adult stuff. If I ask him for help with something around the home he will say ‘I’ll do it tomorrow’ then before you know it, it’s a month later and still not done. Any reminders I give him are nagging.   Fast forward to now, I feel like I’m drowning. Reaching out to him for help and he’s just not there.   I’m constantly keeping our problems hidden, constantly putting on this brave face to our families, constantly trying to support and build his relationship with our children. And as for the relationship between him and I? I just don’t know. Iv never been able to actually express what’s happened over the years without the fear of judgement. Am I stupid to hold on to hope? Hope that one day he will wake up and realise what he has? That I am special to him? That our children should be his top priority? That he has an amazing family waiting for him to come home each night? Have I just messed with our children’s head by allowing all these negative behaviours? My questions are endless.
5c0a6e97fa61e66035524094b0c2fdb5815e15260335f30c6c579c963ba538db;;;Seeking Validation online;;;Did anyone deal with their partners seeking validation with online talking to women / men ?!! My fiancé just got diagnosed with ADHD and after finding out he was talking to women over social media online for attention .. he Is Hysterical telling me  to was bc of his  low self-esteem and him feeling alone all the time.I don’t know if this is a bad habit that he would be able to grow out of  or an addiction all right he ever even be able to remain faithful staying in a committed relationship if that’s what you’re seeking for the last five years. :(  [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ikv34f)
443a014fd6e2bc05d9fd254d15abfabba47c04f6dcf2c5d9189af0e078aeebc4;;;Partner in denial;;;My partner (30F) and I (30M) are close to the end. She got her diagnosis about 9 months ago but I had no idea about how significant of a disorder it was. I truly thought it was just about her needing help focusing at work. After finding this sub and reading everyone's issues, all of our struggles seem so much clearer to me. Her inability to do certain chores. Forgetting to check in on me when we're apart. Aversion to touch. So many things that made me feel hurt and unloved now have an obvious cause. I felt such hope because now that I get the context of our problems, they seem solvable.  Except, I brought up the connections I was making between her behavior and ADHD and she completely rejected me. She refused to consider that what we struggle with is because of ADHD. She told me I should  just love her the way she is regardless of why she did things. I feel crazy. Things seem so obviously connected, and with all the books out there it seems completely fair that a couple would need to specifically address ADHD in the relationship. Her diagnosis is new so I guess she is just starting her personal journey understanding it, but I'm very sad that we may not be able to continue just when things started to seem fixable. Has anyone else encountered this kind of resistance to making connections between the diagnosis and relationship issues?
18b87e6c4cee53be159196bf51405f22488d41dafd2ad9cd93f388a88ce04d29;;;The joys of sex with your ADHD S.O.;;;Hi ppl. I've been commenting here a lot, but never made a post before. Please be gentle! 😁  My husband has been diagnosed ADHD since he was 7yrs old. He was on a lot of meds that never worked for him as a kid. He's not on meds now because he's damn near phobic of them. He has just started the counseling process and hasn't had a "real" appointment yet. We've been married almost 10 yrs. In the beginning the sex was great and frequent. On our wedding night he said he was too tired to have sex. Little did I know, I would hear this phrase several times a week. Fast forward to year three and the sex is maybe once a month and it's stayed this way with the occasional bouts of no sex for 3 or 4 months. We've had many discussions, heart to heart talks and arguments about this topic. I like sex. I like to have sex. He likes sex. He seems to enjoy having sex with me and is always willing so "show" me how turned on I make him, yet it rarely leads to sex. He's been promising for almost 7 years to get more sleep so he won't be so tired all the time. Here we are in 2020 and he still gets, on a good night, 4-5 hours sleep. He works as an ink press operator, which some days is physically demanding and other days he literally "stands around all day",  his words not mine. He is unwilling to change his schedule at home it seems. He promises he'll change, but only does so for maybe two days, the longest was 1 week. No matter how many timers, calendar reminders or in person reminders he receives, he just can't seem to get more sleep. He can't get away from his phone or his computer. When he gets in bed, he is generally asleep and snoring within 15 mins. I know because I have trouble sleeping and I'm up much later than him, sometimes reading reddit while laying next to him. 😁 He is incapable it seems of creating new routines, even with help. I don't like reminding him of stuff very much anymore now, because it doesn't have much of an effect. I know logically I shouldn't feel like the most unattractive person in the world, but I do. I would like to have sex more than once a month of once every two months. I have tried letting him initiate, which is how we get the once a month. If I initiate I get turned down 20 times out of 21 attempts. I've asked him if he would be okay with us opening our marriage up and he is not okay with that. So I feel pretty stuck. Yes, sex isn't everything in a relationship, but it is important and it's important to me. It used to be important to him too. I have worked very hard to over come a lot of sexual abuse in my past to have a healthy sexual relationship with him and I feel like I wasted my time. I'm not asking for sex every day, just maybe once a week. There is also the feeling that in 20 years sex may not be that physically possible for me because I have degenerative disc disease, bone spurs on several vertebrae and something wrong with my neck as well. If my father is an indication of where I will be, then I will be unable to lay in many, many positions and my extremities will have gone numb. I feel like my window for sex is very limited, as in I will literally lose the ability to preform.  Am I really asking for too much? Is this a normal issue for people with ADHD? I'm sorry if this was a ramble. I tried to make it coherent. I'm very depressed over this issue. Thank you for taking the time to read my post. I hope you are all having a good day. ♥️
b5286025373010c5eaa5508b6558c15a4c7deb0ccc3e6957c690ccecea99a4ab;;;Advice on a partner with (possibly) ADHD;;;Hello everyone!  Me and my boyfriend have been together for a few years and we've had quite some problems due to his behavior. I will give a few examples to give an idea: * he is very easily distracted - we are having a conversation and out of nowhere he will take his phone and start doing something on it. Or more often than not I will ask him to check something on his phone, he will pick it up, get distracted with something else, then will leave the phone. I will ask him if he checked and he will make a remark that he forgot and will have to check again. * he forgets a lot - conversations, events or details in events that are important to me and easy to remember, he just forgets  * he talks a lot and interrupts, even when I have asked him to let me finish before he starts talking * he is very impulsive - he wants to do something and the moment he is doing that he already wants to start something else  * he has made quite a few stupid mistakes in our relationship, as he does things impulsively and does not consider the consequences in advance; he just does what comes to mind without thinking too much and regrets later  * he gets frustrated very easily; a long queue at the store can annoy him; he snaps at me or gets absolutely mad for things that are not my fault (It's his most of the time) and a little while after it's like nothing ever happened and it's me who is left hurt and he can't understand why  * he is not good with his money - spends a lot impulsively and barely saves any * he can't prioritise - most of the time insignificant things are his priority, when he is at an age in which there are other way more important things that need to be prioritised  * he has the need to be praised for normal things, that anyone on his place will be able to do, in order to stay motivated * he loses motivation, especially when it comes to something that's not enjoyable, but it's important  * at times he has 2 moods - either super hyper and full of energy, or he can lie down and fall asleep within 5 seconds  There is probably more to it, but that's mostly what I could think of right now. As a result of this behavior I feel neglected and underappreciated, while he swears up and down he puts a lot of effort, but I just can't see that. I also feel like a patent who has to constantly demand and remind, which is not pleasant for neither of us. He has been diagnosed with ADD as a child, but his family did not take that seriously and has done nothing about it.  Does this sound like adhd?  Any input or advice is welcome!
8990cded7d283a49bd2465e3ce9d08f59fa617f3d2e7d32c9353344526602940;;;How to Support My Partner in Figuring His ADHD Out;;;I (25F) have been with my partner (25M) for 4 years but he only found out over the summer that he has ADHD. He had previously been in therapy and gotten a psych exam done because his therapist thought he might have depression. Instead, it came back that he had ADHD which we has talked about being a possibility since we had looked at symptoms before and thought a lot of them fit. Anyway, since then, I was able to help him sit down and make an appointment with a doctor to look into medication (something my partner wanted) and I showed him some helpful articles I had found. His doctor recommended a prescription and to come back in a month. My partner's insurance has a high deductible so he pays a lot out of pocket up front, but paying for the medication is still cheaper than what I pay per month for my premium that covers pretty much everything for me. Anyway, he's having trouble getting his prescription switched and I feel that he has pretty much halted any progress on working on himself. We recently were talking again about how I don't feel him being present, he commits to spending time with me at a specific time but then doesn't uphold that time, etc. We're supposed to get married next year and when he was diagnosed with ADHD and I realized how it impacts out relationship, I cried because I felt like I was making up all of our relationship issues. Now, I feel like if nothing changes as a result of this diagnosis, I'm going to be miserable. He hasn't really looked into strategies or anything that could help him on his own, and we work on communication in our relationship together but if he doesn't openly communicate with the people he's playing video games with on his end (ex: hey, I have to be off at X time) or set reminders on his phone to be done at a certain time I'm not sure what I can do. He felt horrible last night when he realized he hurt me, yet again, by promising to be off of his video games at a certain time after we had just discussed how I need more quality time in our relationship. I wanted to problem solve but he seems sure that he's just like this and there's nothing he can do.   What can I do to support him without feeling like I'm the only one leading the effort and doing everything for him?
ac116f777f64b74bccaebc0910aeed236b8035ad8bf4d50a942cd171e3d174ed;;;This Christmas my partner didn't plan a gift for me. But what did he do?;;;I posted this as a comment somewhere else but I really wanted to just share this with you all:  He saw that I was putting a lot of effort into some big batches of apple butter. Because of my joint pain, we got me a crank style apple peeler online, and it was just laughably crap. He helped me try to fit these apples on this dang thing without chopping our respective fingers off and it was both dumb and funny.   So he went online and ordered me a top notch fancy ass corer/slicer/peeler/spiralizer attachment for my Kitchenaid mixer. It arrived just in time for my second big batch, and it worked like a charm. We had so much fun turning this machine on and watching it core/peel/slice all these apples like magic.  So, did he plan on the perfect gift for me ahead of time? No, he didn't.   But what he did do was notice my struggles, address and respond to them in a way I wouldn't have thought of, used his ADHD superpowers to pull some fantastic strings, and showed up for me exactly when I needed him to, exactly the way I needed him to, and helped me accomplish a task I wouldn't have been able to finish on my own.   Sometimes we forget that our partners don't always show love the way we expect, but sometimes that's the exact type of love we need &lt;3
c445f58d2ebab309c4bbe3ab532e5f1a037f3c3e74c2791588fac3bfdb4df1f8;;;I'm not sure what to title this....;;;This is my first post on here.... on reddit...ever. And I just have to say.....  &amp;#x200B;  I never knew. I didn't know that there were others out there. Who had partners like mine, and are able to so accurately describe how I have felt in situations. The hurt and the frustration, but also the strength and the immense sense of understanding. I'm tearing up cuz now I'm not alone.   &amp;#x200B;  I do have a question or several... My spouse (35M - DX Medicated) and I (30F - DX not Medicated) have been together for almost a decade. And we both have grown and learned alot in that time, but now I'm questioning what behaviors do I just need to accept... how do I know when I'm asking too much of my partner? And how do I get him more active in our daily life? I love my partner desperately, he has the kindest heart, and when he's off his meds he's super funny and quirky (while being a little chaotic) and I really want to do what is best for the both of us, but it's hard to know when I'm pushing something that's worth pushing, and when I need to just accept I'm pushing against a brick wall, and maybe even doing more harm than good. I'm just stumped.   &amp;#x200B;  But I'm glad to know I'm not alone in these struggles!
01be8594554bd347a6c3dfdda48885e9c3b46fc7721282ae8353f637a8626fed;;;SO (M,42) Newly Diagnosed - what can I (F,38) do?;;;My SO (of 12 years) has been newly diagnosed and started treatment for ADHD, we’re both in demanding careers with little ‘free’ time. What can I do to both help him adjust to being neuro-atypical as well as help with reminders / etc. He actually seems to have worsened as well as become more irritable after the diagnosis and treatment and I wonder if this is his hyper awareness of having the characteristics of ADHD that he’s had his whole life.   Are there any overarching do’s or dont’s?  P.s. I’m not sure what the DX vs NDX stands for? Diagnosed vs not-diagnosed or newly-diagnosed? Both in reference to the person with ADHD?
b84f80caed5cdee80fdd8a431c29abc8419d931ce21f159aeda12434a657550d;;;Struggling to Continue in this Marriage;;;My husband has adhd and takes vyvanse (when he remembers). I honestly don’t see that it helps much. We’ve been together 8 years now, and I am just exhausted   I’m tired of being his mom. I always have to be on top of everything. We just took an international trip together, and instead of it being a fun, romantic escape, it just felt like I was dragging my kid around. I managed all the transportation details, trip planning, everything. He just had to literally show up. And then I had to wake him every morning or we would waste half a day because he can sleep it away.   He constantly gets things wrong. Even something as simple as a food order. We recently ordered food for pickup online. He put in his order. I put in mine. Handed the computer back for him to complete. He picked up the food and came back and it was all wrong. How???? I literally put in the order myself. Turns out he deleted my portion of the order because he thought he accidentally added an entree (????).   It is this kind of bs nonstop. I can’t even say anything to him about it because he blows up over it. Because he is hearing the same thing from his boss, from me, from his parents. And I’m sure that *is* exhausting and hurtful for him. But I got married to a partner. Not a child. I don’t know how I can carry on. I feel so alone and burdened, knowing it falls on me to not let anything in our lives slip through the cracks.   Our sex life is now basically nonexistent. I don’t know how to say it is hard for me to be physically intimate with someone I have to parent. I don’t know what to do anymore    Has anyone else been here? What did you do?
8a38ff2c958cf5deb9dba60e9482f9bdce1f112ca18a497bf7db266702700ffb;;;How to keep from feeling resentful about household chores;;;Could really use advice on how to keep from feeling resentful about household chores. I work at a large law firm and my wife (DX) is a stay-at-home mother. We have four kids under age of 11.  We’ve been married 10 years, but this wasn’t really an issue until about 2 years ago.  I work at a large law firm, which pays well but is stressful and a tad bit soul crushing. It’s not unusual to put in a few 10-12 hour days a week with a normal day of a solid 8-9 hours. It wasn’t until COVID and working from home that I realized how much ADHD was affecting our lives.   I’ve been working from home for about nine months now and seeing my wife on her phone, in bed, or watching TV more often than not is starting to make me bitter.   I’m usually the one to get up in the morning and get the kids ready (my wife has trouble falling asleep at night), and I’m usually the one to get the kids going to bed. I’m also usually the only one of us to do any housework after 7:00pm. We spilt meal prep about 50-50 (less so pre-Covid).  I feel like a jerk because she has been improving and addressing her ADHD. But 2020 has added significant stress to both our lives, and this issue is really festering inside of me.   We’ve tried to have discussions about this, but they seem to be making things worse. She shuts down, and when we can get past her shutting down, the discussion turns to how I need to do better about dealing with her ADHD, which really gets me angry and upset.
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;ADHD Partners group hosted by Melissa Orlov, registration is open;;;[https://www.adhdmarriage.com/page/non-adhd-partner-support-groups-melissa-orlov](https://www.adhdmarriage.com/page/non-adhd-partner-support-groups-melissa-orlov)  My husband and I did her ADHD in Marriage class and it was great, we learned so much. It's a bit expensive but you can get a ton out of it if you do the work. I might sign up for this class.
b45ef8afa8cb1b946affce00abdece15e00be88da1f0fb7d02686d72b26a00c4;;;Today felt abusive and I don't know what to do next;;;I'm 35 male, my boyfriend of 6 years is 36. I came home from my new job feeling good and excited to watch TV with him before he went to work (bartender so opposite of my 9-5). We've only recently learned about Rejection Sensitivity so I'm not sure what to do when it flares up.   But today was something special. I asked how his day was, we started talking about work last night, but at the same time I asked what he had been working on because he had a computer monitor on the coffee table. He said "it's none of your business!" And when I responded "um, what the fuck?" He said he was kidding and wanted to tell me about his day at work. So I asked him about it, felt better about him reacting crazy... He said it was a slow night and he didn't make much money. I said "well you work tonight, and it's right before Thanksgiving so you should make good tips this week, right?"  He then flew off the handle. It's hard for me to remember what he said next because I was caught off guard and felt super blindsided. But he said that I had to stop telling him how to feel, I was supposed to comfort him, and that I was gaslighting him.  I left, I had only been home for 5 minutes, wanted to play with the dog, but instead I went and drove around. Got food. Finally went back and just avoided him, waiting for him to go to work. When he left, he said he loved me, I didn't respond, which I know was petty and didn't help, but I was hurt. He left, then came back in, and told me that I need to manage my emotions, he's allowed to have bad moods, and if I can't handle that I should be here when he gets home. He told me "my name is the only one on the lease" and then went so far as to tell me our dog, who just turned one, is registered in his name. Then he left.   Yesterday we went and spent the day with his family and brought our dog and had a lovely time and even a nice drive. I don't know what happened. It makes me feel like I can't trust him and that I'm going crazy. I don't want to be here tonight, but I don't have anywhere else to go. I'm again he's going to wake me up when he gets home to kick me out after we lived together for 4 years. I'm lost, and feeling so alone.
a8eb81fcf3ca45e4dd506cf11f8afa227f3af06a03cdf41133dec9bfd7f2f15c;;;Anybody deal with hygiene issues?;;;Without going on and on, my partner (32M) and I (31F) have been together for half of our lives. We are high school sweethearts and have been married for 7 years. I don’t know if I just never paid attention as much as I have these last few years or if it’s been not great all along.   The main issue Is he doesn’t keep his teeth/mouth clean. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve talked to him about it and in how many different ways I’ve tried to bring it up. There will be visible plaque on his front teeth. And sometimes he will even go through the act of brushing his teeth, but they are still dirty after, especially on one side of his mouth. He doesn’t look in the mirror to check to see if they are clean. In his mind, I guess since he went through the motion and remembered to do it period, that’s enough to not investigate further.   The becomes a problem because I do not want to be intimate with him. Our sex life has greatly declined. I’ve been very blunt before by saying....if you want me to have sex with you, please make sure your teeth are clean. It’s a very huge turn off that I cannot get past. For a few days after a conversation like that, he will make sure he brushes them (usually still not all the way clean) but then gets back into a routine of not doing it once the words wear off.   He’s also sensitive when it comes to discussing these things. I cannot approach it how I want to approach it, which is grab him and shake him and put a toothbrush in his hand. In the past, I’ve even brushed his teeth myself (I now realize this only furthers the parent/child dynamic).   My partner is not diagnosed but I lurk on these subs from time to time thinking, wow. That’s so us and him. We’ve had countless discussions about his behavior and how ADHD is likely the cause. I was seeing a therapist and after describing my situation to her, she suggested reading ADHD and marriage. I brought it up to my husband and even bought it on kindle because I thought if it was on his phone, he may be more likely to read it. Anyway, we never got fully through the book and I gave up trying. He has asked if he should see a therapist and I told him yeah, I don’t see how that would be a bad idea. But also, because of the parent/child dynamic..I don’t wanna be the one to enforce that on him.   So, do you guys have any advice? How do I not be his mother by checking if his teeth are clean? So far if I step back from the situation, they will not get clean or at least clean all the way around, both sides of the mouth. Wondering if his mouth is clean totally kills any sexual impulse.
87f4fb7085afeb08689503f1a14f3262bcc27ac25ecaa550d5946aa0f14e8841;;;Am I being unreasonable?;;;This has been an ongoing issue that I am continuing to struggle with with my ADHD partner (23 DX, medicated). It’s a consistent thing that he’s always playing video games or games on his phone or scrolling through whatever app on his phone while we have company visiting. His sister and brother in law come to visit every couple months, they live a three hour drive away, and we’ll all be watching a movie or TV show together and he’ll be playing his switch on the couch next to us. We’ll be outside sitting on the patio chatting and he’s on his phone. It absolutely infuriates me, I feel like it’s exceptionally disrespectful and rude to the people visiting. None of the visiting folks have ever mentioned it but I feel absolutely mortified over the rude behavior, and angry that despite the fact this I’ve expressed to him that it bothers me a LOT, he still continues to do it.   Am I being unreasonable about this? I was raised in a pretty strict household, and if I were to have my phone out while visitors were around I would have gotten in enormous trouble. Even now as an adult my family would be very upset if I showed up to a family gathering and just sat on my phone or a gaming system. Is this just a result of my upbringing, or am I justified in being frustrated and upset?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;How to avoid judging lack of motivation?;;;My pwadhd (dx) is like a bump on a log most days when at home. I work from home and we have opposite schedules temporarily to keep our child out of daycare. Every time I come to the part of the house they use during the work day, my partner is lazing around, dozing, or on his phone. I have to ask him to stop using screens to distract our kid (kid will go through two iphone batteries before spouse "wakes up enough." Spouse procrastinates everything to the last minute most days. He takes meds for work, which means I don't ever hardly see him medicated except for sometimes after work at like 11pm, and kid wakes up super early so I can't just wait up for him all the time or I never get enough sleep.   I know he can't help looking lazy and it's the ADHD but I find it so unattractive. I find it annoying and frustrating. I want to be able to enjoy the medicated version of my partner. He's such a better partner that way. This bump on a log stuff is super frustrating. I don't think a conversation with him will help anything. I've tried in the past. He refuses to adjust how he uses his meds and he's already on a higher overall dosage than what most drs will prescribe. I'm just so tired of seeing that laziness even if I know intellectually it's part of his condition. How do you cope with this if it also bothers you?
ed2222eb96cb34c827c4eb577d8e0ec58dd27049c505c40b322349eb1ad32f68;;;Bringing Myself Back;;;(TL;DR at bottom) Ok, I’m regularly going through this group, searching old phrases reading posts from months and months ago etc.  I know a lot of us can relate to the fact that who we were prior to the relationship (for example: I felt fun free confident in charge of my life) slow faded away after years of fights. While dating we almost broke up over fights. I now know it was his RSD but that don’t change anything. Hurt still hurt. I wasn’t used to arguments and yelling and nasty comments.  My parents didn’t fight in front of me (I was a super sensitive kid and would freak out n hide under tables). My dad had/has undx untx ADHD so he also had quick triggers but was older and more tired by the time I came along. I mostly got the emotionally unavailable side and you never knew when he would randomly lose his crap, but it was pretty rare (mostly happened in my teens). His parents scream and yelled and called each other everything but the son of God. His mother (who passed away before we met) seems like she was the emotionally unstable one, bad temper, impulsive, verbally abusive. He has other close family members who have really nasty, disrespectful fights. So this was all normal for him. But it wasn’t for me. And I told him when we were dating that every nasty fight like that would break me just a little bit. And when I almost left, the fights stopped! I believed when he said he would change and be better. And they did! Until after we were engaged and right before the wedding. I knew what I was getting into. I made my bed, I accept that. I married my dad. The fights and nasty comments are so much better than they were, but I think that first year really broke me. Then the losing interest in me a couple years later broke me further. My question is, have any of you ever found your way back to the old you while still with your partner? I’m in therapy and I’ve shopped around therapists looking for one to help *me* and not try to therapy him through me (it’s actually pretty difficult idk why, they all just wanna get their hands on him). Was there a specific type of therapy that worked for you? Do I need to see someone who specializes in ADHD? . TL;DR I miss the old pre ADHD partner me, is getting back possible without leaving them?
353686949328ec96329d4ffb36d317fb9fe19b488e864934e22dcae6a2ffb0fa;;;Changing Plans and Expectations- ADHD Partner and Anxiety/ASD Partner;;;Hello everyone,  Let me first say, this sub has been super super helpful for me! I don't post too often but it is so helpful to read that others have similar experiences and has giving me so much more perspective and understanding of my SO.   A typical theme I have seen in most posts is struggling with partners saying they will do something and having every intention of doing so, and then not following through. I know this is related very closely to how ADHD symptoms manifests in adults, and I definitely understand how this can erode trust over time or kind of limit how trust can be built. I have really severe anxiety (social and otherwise) and I like to think this is part of the reason my SO and I understand each others so well and care for each other so much- we are both a little different and have never really been able to connect fully to a lot of people and found connection with each other.  Within the last year or so, I have been thinking about and talking to my healthcare professionals about how my social anxiety manifests. I have never really felt connected to the world or others, have not been able to sustain eye contact or be in social spaces, have extreme trouble with change and transitions, and experience anxiety so physiologically (sensory, migraines, stomach issues) that some of my symptoms feel a little more closely related to autism spectrum disorders. Of course this is a spectrum and I am not sure I am fully I have both feet over the line, but this has been giving me some perspective on why unpredictable pieces are so tough with my SO.  Circling back, I think this may be pretty related to how these instances of my SO making plans and not following through, switching plans abruptly, or putting things off and off are really hard for me. Like I feel this in my chest and throat and get really really upset. I know flexibility is not my strong suit, and I really want to work on this, but I also know it may be super challenging for me. For example, he will say he will get this household thing done (like dishes which is a phobia for me), but then does not for days/a week and I eventually have to do these. He then gets upset that I did not just let him do it, but I can't explain to him that my skin is crawling having the dishes, trash, extra laundry just sitting there. It is a quality of life issue for me and I would love for him to do these things and take care of some functional items, but there is only so many days I can tolerate my high anxiety/intrusive thoughts about these items.  For nights that we try to set aside to spend together or plans we have to go to the store, sometimes he will get a text from a friend to game and will kind of just leave and go upstairs or sleep through our plans. This really hurtful to me, and I feel like I should just be flexible, but the expectation/routine I had in my brain is shattered so quickly and I feel like I am in shock and overload at those moments. I cry or have lots of pressure in my chest- he thinks I am jealous of him spending time with his friends but it really is just the shift in expectations that I feel so physically and strongly. I feel like unfortunately our disorders are not very compatible in this way- for someone like me who benefits from so much structure/routine/consistency having these constant shifts and changes in what I think will happen is really really draining and I feel like I can't get my hopes up about plans or look forward to things because I will end up really getting hurt.  I do want to say my SO is extremely supportive with my social anxiety and inflexibility in particular- he is very outgoing and has helped me grow so much in this area. He makes me more adventurous and helped me try new things. When we moved in together I was so scared of the transition, and he supported me all of the way- I appreciate this or I would never have moved forward in my life and we could not have the life we now share together. I just really wanted to vent a bit about this and see if any other partners have anxiety/ASD/other mental health concerns that are really impacted by this inconsistency/not following through. Any thoughts would be helpful- thank you!
0a72b2605a15c965da21946d61fe7e9fa3f0f40983a264629997ec32e3d227d1;;;Boyfriend doesn’t like walking next to me on sidewalk, AITA for not wanting to walk in this street with him as his compromise?;;;I know I asked an AITA question and I know there’s already a subreddit for that but since my bf has UDX ADHD &amp; possibly aspergers I thought I would ask here. So my bf wants to go to Walmart to get some supplies this morning cause he’s bored. We’re still in quarantine and he wants to go shopping for random stuff for fun? Okay whatever so he invites me and at first I hesitated and said I didn’t want to go because it’s not a good time for a random shopping trip. (We already have plenty of supplies for food and essentials, he just wants to buy something random from the outdoor section,not necessary but his choice). He asks again kind of pleading me to go so I say yeah okay I’ll go. Now here comes the annoying part.  We get to walking in the neighborhood to go there. We don’t have a car right now and live maybe about a mile or 2 from Walmart and we’re used to walking to grocery stores so it’s no biggie. As we’re walking we start off next to each other and soon it turns into us walking either on the grass side by side or him in front of me fast walking. I walk like that on the grass next to the sidewalk for about 5 minutes or so and then politely ask him to move over alittle so I can walk on the sidewalk next to him. He does for a minute and then asks me to walk in front of him. So I do and then he tells me I’m walking to slow. Mind you it’s 90 degrees outside with a breeze so it’s hot and wearing a face mask makes it hotter of course. So I didn’t feel like I was walking like a sloth and I told him hey we don’t need to speed walk there, we just started walking like we can slow down alittle bit. (I’m trying to keep in mind that it’s hot and we have about a 2 mile walk there and only 1 water bottle I brought) I also told him that I wanted to walk next to him so we can talk or be silent and to just want to be close to him, I didn’t want to walk in front or behind since there was plenty of room on the sidewalk and it felt impersonal or like distant. He then suggests we walk in the street.   We’re walking in my neighborhood still at this time but it’s a busy through street and there’s cars coming and going in both directions, like not the absolute best place to have a walk with each other in broad daylight. Yeah sure it’s quarantine but people are still out and about shopping or going to work. So I tell him I don’t want to walk in the street because we have plenty of room on the sidewalk and then he says he doesn’t have enough room to walk. I then proceed to tell him that I want to be close to him and walk beside him and he said well there’s not enough room here, walk in the street with me. Like giving me no options besides his dangerous one and not even hearing me out. He actually said he was perfectly fine until I brought it up and turned it into a problem. Then told me I didn’t have to come, he just invited me to and that I was being hard to please.  My boyfriend is 130lbs and is like 5”8 skinny man, like seriously we’re both small tiny people (I’m 105lbs and 5ft) and the sidewalk was more than enough space for the both of us. We’ve been quarantining together since March and living together since 2016. This whole walking problem has been a thing for about 2 years now and it’s so annoying.  I feels very isolating and disrespectful to me because anyone else I’ve ever walked with on a sidewalk walks beside me, doesn’t give me  “rules” to follow that are counterintuitive to what is safe/what everyone else does in society. It’s hard for me to feel equal with him. Today I actually tried to bring it up for the first time in a constructive way and he just decided to not budge and that he needed his space. So I said bye and turned around and walked back home because I was not about to walk behind him all mad and invalidated for my very real and rational desire to walk safely on the sidewalk beside my partner as we go to the store that he wanted to. Plus it was already hot and he was still walking fast. It’s like he doesn’t even care that I changed my mind because he seemed to really want me there and to spend time together. He doesn’t even care that he’s speed walking in 90degree heat with no water or regard for himself. I don’t feel like the asshole but AITA?
ff4ec194c99ffc268f5bcbf2a49fc009973ee9c005fd46d5076a61bb7e1b3431;;;Help Understanding ADHD Partners Distancing. What is real?;;;I’m new here so I apologize if this is a duplicate post.  I have been dating a woman with ADHD for almost a year and we had known each other for a few years beforehand. Unfortunately, Alrhough I knew she was on meds, we didn’t expressly discusss her ADHD. My god I wish We had. It wouldn’t have changed my feelings for her one ounce. But it could have helped our communications recently.   Both in our late 30’s and each with previous relationship “baggage” we had very open and frank conversations as we became close. We both agreed not to rush and that we wanted to truly be best friends before we became intimate. It was the most comfortable and natural growth into a loving relationship that either of us have ever experienced. She (ADHD) and I (depression) both felt like we understood each other in ways that others never could. She is the most caring, honest, loving and compassionate person I’ve ever met in my life. I just naturally treated her like gold any time I could. I never felt like I had to. I just wanted to. Her goodness made me a better person.   She would tell her close friends and family that she couldn’t believe I was real. That she never thought someone could be so caring and thoughtful. Anything I did, down to the smallest act, seemed to genuinely move her. She never missed an opportunity to thank me or say how much better I was than anyone else.   Now, I know past boyfriends haven’t treated her well. I don’t know details but she mentioned it. And she definitely had her moments where she would get upset at me before I could even react. She would assume I was going to get mad, even when i wasn’t. She would later admit that she’s become programmed to getting defensive because of past relationships. This happened occasionally, but we always talked it out and it was never a an issue. We almost never had any serious fights.   A little Over a month ago we were both very stressed. Not knowing ADHD, I took her delayed text replies or forgotten plans as a sudden lack of care. My own insecurities and anxiety started kicking in and before I knew it, I was picking fights over text message that quickly ballooned. Not understanding why she missed half of what I was saying, it triggered me and I blew up at her.  I said things I regret. The regret is compounded now that I know just how deeply a person with ADHD feels emotion. On top of that, it’s not in my nature to get angry and say bad things. Then she disconnected. My biggest trigger. I can’t deal with someone close not answering me. Now I know she needed space to calm down. But at the time, each unanswered text made me more and more frantic. Little did I know that each text was overwhelming her more and pushing her away. A vicious cycle.   When we finally talked in person, we each apologized and acknowledged what we had done wrong. But then she blindsided me by saying “well you can’t just expect things to go right back to the way they were”.  It was as if I had cheated on her or done something abusive and she was “cautiously taking me back”. I couldn’t understand it. If arguments are on a scale of 1-10, this was a 5 at worst. And prior to it, we had no issues. We had even just had an amazing week away together. How could our relationship be so fragile that 1 argument causes weeks of distance and anguish?  She then told me that she was overwhelmed and needed to focus on herself to get her life in order. She said she didn’t want to lose me but that we needed to stay friends “for now”.  Again, hit me like a ton of bricks. If there was one thing I asked from day one is for her to communicate with me. I had been badly blindsided by my ex wife and I told her I couldn’t be in a relationship where we didn’t have an honest understanding of where we stood as a couple at any given point.   Needless to say I didn’t react well. I didn’t get mad or say anything bad, I just broke down and tried to make sense of it. This was someone who called every night to say I love you before bed. Someone who agreed with me that we could see marriage some day. I was crushed. As I left her, she was in tears and asked “can I talk to you when I’m ready?”  I just walked away. How long would it take to be “ready?” I was too hurt to think.   My own depression spiraled me into a very dark place. I felt betrayed. I lost all perspective on life and couldn’t identify what was real and what wasn’t. I couldn’t think of a single reason, example or moment in the past year that would indicate she wasn’t anything but genuine. But then why would she just cut me out?  Unfortunately before i knew the true impact and extent of ADHD, I made the grave mistake of continually reaching out. Now I know she needed space. So she wouldn’t reply because she was overwhelmed and I’d become more frantic and depressed at the no contact. I eventually bottomed out at a near nervous breakdown. I couldn’t take it anymore. I called her because I was seriously scared that I was losing my mind and something bad would happen. She told me this was unhealthy for her and she couldn’t deal with it. Then she stopped answering. I am fortunate that I don’t have suicidal thoughts because that was almost as bad as if my mother had disowned me at my lowest point. My grief turned to resentment and anger and i sent her a series of messages accusing her of lying, using me and being a completely fake person.   Now in retrospect I’m horrified that I lost it that way and said things that would hit a normal person hard, let alone someone with ADHD. I won’t ever forgive myself for that. Sure, we could have discussed her condition more, but nothing excuses anger and insults.   I’ve since waited a few weeks and sent her a very honest apology. I didn’t claim to know her exact condition, but I made sure to validate her feelings and explain that I now understand why she felt certain ways and where I failed to properly handle her feelings.   I guess I’m just at a loss. Did she really love me? Was she afraid to fully break up with me or did she really need space to focus herself?  Would she eventually come back and if so have I ruined any chance of that with my outburst?
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;ADD partner will not commit to a date once a month due to stress over failing.;;;Is this an ADD thing or just a trash boyfriend thing because I really lean more and more towards trash boyfriend every day.   We are both very nearly 29. He has untreated ADD with no therapy since his HS years. He has no real issue getting up on time to get to work, be at an interview, meet up with an acquaintance. etc.  He goes to bed near 9AM every day and sleeps until 5-6PM if he has no plans for himself. If we have had plans together he consistently sleeps through the entire day and rages if someone makes any attempts to wake him.   We have awful communication and are trying to work on that with ridiculous sounding activities. One of those was more dedicated quality time. He made the suggestion himself and then immediately said it just needs to happen unplanned on his own or he'll sleep through it and make me mad.  I asked for him to try and change his perspective to view me as something as important to him as keeping his job or getting his homework submitted on time. One single day per month I asked him to see me as important enough to be there for.  He said no he cannot/ will not.  This is half just a rant and have making sure I am not being completely insensitive.   Our relationship is essentially over already but I really try and stay objective in situations. This doesn't seem like a life struggle for someone with ADD at all but more of a "I only do what I want to do so you just have to live with that". If anyone thinks I'm completely wrong for thinking that. please share your view.
688d96898b825c74f65125d2c4e9626357c0fd41e654b30d401532cea505c569;;;Bf can not pull himself away from hobbies or work, I feel unseen.;;;So my(f25) bf(26) has ADD, but is on medication for it- though I’m not sure how much it helps him. He’s able to be very organized and successful at work-so much that it borders on obsession.  But when he comes home, and on his off days... I feel unseen. Unless he’s rambling.   He’s into both gardening and fish keeping which actually were originally my hobbies, that he slowly took over and now info dumps me on. I partially resent the hobbies now because of this. It wasn’t just my fish tank- we now have 4. And something is always wrong with one of them, they always need the new this or that, and most of the time his hyper focusing on it causes him to cause more problems. He is awake until sometimes 2am just talking my ear off about it and it’s so difficult to politely tell him to stop.  I can’t even COUNT how many nights I made a wonderful dinner or picked out a movie and heard the ‘I’ll be there is a second... give me 5 minutes.’ Just to go to bed without him and hear the next day he forgot to put the food away. Or he actually sits down for a movie and then gets up multiple times and tells me ‘I’m paying attention dont worry’ yet then proceeds to talk every 10 minutes and ask me what’s happening.  He will probably never be able to give me a massage etc because he says it bores him. I’m just feeling so frustrated that I’m not interesting enough most of the time to have undivided attention.  And don’t get me started on talking- he’s fantastic at derailing conversations, interrupting me, and not pausing for me to interject. This seriously makes me want to rethink dating someone with ADD again.   How can I talk to him and help him understand this? Is there a way? Is there anything else I should do?  He’s very sensitive about this but I feel like he doesn’t have the capacity to just be in the moment with me.
af14d13a666114d1738906cb2d5009f0cfcde8fac98f58519857128520939efa;;;Routine for meds or whenever is needed?;;;Hey all, my bf (35 diagnosed when he was kid) takes meds only some days - he says he takes it when he needs a push. He says he does that because dealing with the after effects is hard for him. I noticed that after he takes the meds for a couple of days, his mood changes, he gets irritated easily, don’t get anything done, withdraw... I was wondering if it would be better to take the meds every day? Or it’s normal to do it only when needed?  He takes adderal.
f7f23c82a48d5da555e2771f8fd582878aab303465bd8e31849f9405dc55ba9f;;;Did your partner getting officially diagnosed make a difference?;;;My partner hasn't been officially diagnosed, but I'd honestly be blown away if he didn't have it. He has a family history, ADHD books we read sum him up, and our relationship problems are eerily similar to those of partners with ADHD. I'm trying to break the habit we've formed of me being his reminder for everything. He's going to try to forum is own routine without me reminding him. If that doesn't work we are going to look into a psychologist to see about him being diagnosed. For those whose partners were officially diagnosed as adults did it make a difference? Were there improvements of symptoms? What treatments or strategies did diagnosis open? Thanks!
54326da901a11b1e76482918a21355640c59c79169d8406753ff404ebad6c553;;;Please help: ADHD partner (DX/medicated) not responsible for “night behavior” after medicine wears off;;;My boyfriend of over a year hits about 8:30 pm (when his daily dosage wears off) and he shrugs his shoulders and says I can’t hold him responsible for the things he does, says, forgets, etc. after this point. These things include but are not limited to: hyper focusing on conversations; mostly regarding a way in which he feels I’ve wronged him but refuses to listen to me when I try to engage in the conversation, leaving the kitchen a complete disaster from whatever snack/drink he’s made, leaving the oven on, water running, fridge or freezer open all night, telling me I don’t care about him or his thoughts when it’s 2:30 am and I have to get up at 5 for work and ask if we can pick up a discussion (that has been going around in the same circles for 3+ hours) again the next day. I am NT, medicated for depression/anxiety so I understand that our minds are not always on our side, but these behaviors that he accepts ZERO responsibility for are only feeding my anxiety. Has anyone else experienced anything similar and found good resources/been able to successfully address this kind of shirking behavior?
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;Today was the first time I was fully able to stay calm and understand the issue without blowing up with emotions.;;;So Iv been trying to study about adhd and bipolar to get a better understanding about how to cope going out with someone with them and honestly it really helped me.   Well kinda because, so this is what happened he was at home and had a argument with his mom because she basically stole money from him. After the fight I guess she told him he’s got 30 days to find else where to stay. (Keep in mind this has happened before because all that really happened was he must have forgot that he agreed she could take out a little more for his groceries because he has to pay rent). I highly doubt she’s going to kick him out because she’s said it before.   So anyway he got mad kicked something, his foot started bleeding then he told me he’d call me back because of course he was angry. I then message him later asking if his foot is okay, he said yes and that he’s going to take a nap because his tired he had to clean the house, so I said okay and that was that.   Then I found out he was using his old Instagram page that was full of naked women pages that he knows I don’t like! The first time I found it out he got rid of them on his main page but still has them on his old Instagram. So I called him up a soon as he woke up took a screen shot and showed him, I called him out showing he was a liar because he told me he wasn’t using that page but all he could really say is he’s deleting the Instagram now.   Then the whole conversation changed to, he said he couldn’t deal with this anymore then tired to turn it on me and say meanish things. He said he wants to go back to school and get a car and feel like a man. When he said that I realised it’s that whole depression stage where he feels like he’s not doing anything with his life. Then It clicked in my head, so I reassured him he’s not going to get kicked out and that maybe he should start saving if this is what he wants to do I don’t want to stop Him. I tired to comfort him and ask him how he feels, he said numb.  So I’m guessing because I called him out on a lie on top of everything he’s overwhelmed to the point where he can’t think. He said I should just leave now because he just keeps disappointing me. I asked do you want to break up and he just kept saying he doesn’t know I asked again and again he kept saying he doesn’t know.   Then he said he’s just having a bad day. I told him I know, then he said he’s going to go back to sleep and that he will talk to me later. Now before we would have arguments like this but my reaction I’d take everything to heart I’d nit pick apart his words and not understand where his words where coming from and just cry from feeling so hurt. I feel like I handle the situation really well. I don’t really know where we’re going to go from here if he’s going to apologise or call me up saying it is over which I sure hope it’s not over because I love him with my heart and soul. And for the first time ever I didn’t leave this argument in tears, anxiety and wanting to sleep the pain away.   Has anyone experience this before. Did I do good? I’m not sure
17401dbdeab5a6c7cee6c58fda6edd6916d7c7447ba74b5ed710a1ccd1f1847c;;;Waiting for an official diagnosis so behavioral mod therapy can begin, and it's taking FOREVER;;;My spouse knew it would take a while for the official diagnosis to come through after testing, and he can't start therapy or further work on his ADHD until it does. We're at a total standstill. We were supposed to visit family over Christmas but because he forgot about a lot of things like asking off of work and making sure he had enough meds to get him through, we cancelled our plans. He might be over-medicated because it's like it's not working at all (lights on, doors open, bills forgotten, etc) but he won't take control of that either by talking to his prescribing doctor about it... so here I sit, unhappy and frustrated, and working very long weeks on a project means I have almost zero time for the house, so it's a huge mess and of course, he's not helping to clean it at all. And when I ask for his help, he seems to be annoyed at me. I'm giving ADHD a long leash as an excuse, but that means almost no day goes by where it seems like he's trying to help our lives go smoother. I feel so overwhelmed and hopeless. I just needed to vent.
e8d2c50a3915f665add87fbb83f50c9d5d7f686bc9ed9f5db4bda59287a14dda;;;My husband leaves messes and I need help being okay with that;;;My husband has diagnosed ADHD and takes Vyvanse for it. (For years he's been on that med) I have some mental health issues myself.  He's a lovely, wonderful, loving guy.   I am temporarily disabled due go Avascular Necrosis of the hips.  So he has to take care of a lot more than usual. And I know it's extremely stressful and hard on him. He's doing his best. He has told me it's the best he can do, through tears. And I know that it is.  I have to accept it.  But I miss having a very clean house.  I'm not used to clutter. Clutter makes my mind cluttered. Mess makes my mind a mess. In fact, it all makes me depressed.  I need some sort of mental health to get over this. I know it's temporary until I get my hip replacements and have gone through enough physical therapy. Of course, that will be quite a long time of recovery.  Please help me accept the clutter. Please help me know what to do. I can't put any more burdens on him. He's really, really doing his best. We even have a toddler he takes care of.  I used to take care of the house.  What do I do? How do I change my mindset? It's pathetic that I feel this way, I want to change myself somehow.
8f6d6c8fdc50e5e7bc8515eb44b8496071817557e4848ef6449b45beb856a615;;;How can i (27m) with adhd be a better for my partner of 2 years;;;Im currently unsure of our future, but I'm being patient and giving her space to think things through without pressure. She loves me and wants a future together but obviously love is not the only criteria.  I've recently switched medication from Concerta to Elvanse and its definitely helping me see a bigger picture, my own flaws, and remain present.  I'm reading through this subreddit and its all hitting me like a ton of bricks, because i am that person causing such hardship, not every problem is because of adhd, but so many of these posts from you all talking about your partners sound just like.  I know you all seem very aware of how hard it can be to have adhd, but i hadn't realised how specific adhd can be regarding the chaos and problems it causes in a relationship and how truly hard it is on the other person, who is so often left feeling alone, unheard, resentful and exhausted and held back.  I suppose im really just asking for help, i dont want to be that person who hurts her over and over again, i dont want to keep taking, i want to be able to help her grow the way she has lifted me up, i want to be dependable, i wana be the person i want to be, but i don't really know if i can ever be that.  I've only quite recently realised that i have to get therapy soon and as regular as i can, but financially i cant do so for some time and waiting on NHS to refer me will take 5 months  I just want some help getting pointed in some kind of direction to go so i can try and fix these faults cause i don't wana keep being full of false expectations, letting everybody down and causing pain and just taking all the time.  I need to find/work out how to better manage communication in a relationship, to stay consistent, to make her feel head and not put on the sidelines, i feel like I've been a fraud handing out lies and tricking her into staying, i really try but i keep falling off and im not living up to the person thay i say i am.  Is there any couples work or methods of talking or practices i could try to start implementing to help us stay open and on track? any particular books or talks to listen to with ideas i can take to try and be a better partner?   I'm not totally letting myself down in life, its hard, but I'm doing it, but theres so many variables in life and i cant shake this self centered tunel vision  Have you got personal experience from your relationships with adhd partners that you can share or offer insight into that i could be considering, or anything that your parners with adhd do that makes it worth it? Feel more heard and less alone? Or anything you wish they did?  Sorry for the wall of text, thanks
e15962f28c1e488f24be2772cf99a82e6bc0fd00be63d80f5b03821b7be99a22;;;We had The Talk;;;Last night my SO(dx/not medicated) and I had The Talk about where our relationship is going.   He told me that he doesn't feel loved for who he is. He wants and needs unconditional love from his partner and that I don't make him feel that way. That he would rather separate and find someone else who loves him just the way he is, "imperfections" and all.   We've discussed this in the past- how my love for him is not enough, how I am not showing it correctly, and I've tried to explain that I love my children unconditionally but not my partner. Four years ago I just broke- mentally and emotionally- and I dropped the rope of being his mother, of putting his welfare and preferences above my own. I started putting my energy into myself and working on myself.  I took self improvement classes through my work. I started to learn how to communicate better, and started healing my own shit.   At this point ADHD wasn't part of the conversation.  It wasn't until our son (dx/medicated) began to really struggle with school that I went down this rabbit hole. I did not expect to discover all of this. I thought that I was alone.  Our problems were unique to US. We were special in our dysfunction.   Except we aren't.  There are so many of us in the same boat, fighting with the same impossible situations, strung out and lonely.  All facing the same lack of awareness and meager resources and all struggling to make sense of a story that is just beginning to be told. I guess that's the way I frame it...that ADHD research and canon is still in it's infancy and the cold hard relationship facts are still being discovered.    My SO knows that his brain is different.  But at 45 he is unwilling or unable to see how that difference effects his everyday life. 3 months ago during one of our talks I set a boundary- that he needed to research ADHD instead of just telling me how I am wrong when I bring it up. I explained how I felt like I stumbled upon a gold mine of information and support, and since it also affects our children that I needed him to be able to have these conversations with me.    He didn't research. He doesn't want to.  He'd rather find somebody else- someone who nurtures instead of reading. A woman who will take care of him without question, who will never tally up the cost to herself first. Who doesn't put a price on love.  A partner who is content to flit from note to note and doesn't need to understand the song.  There is sting in this decision, but there is grace too.  This feels honest, at least.
f5bb932551b54cb7dd9216f32f70f11a2de6657bcd436a678523d5c2c709e421;;;My (22 F) boyfriend (23M) gets “nagged” by everyone but thinks it’s their fault;;;Hey everyone! My boyfriend and I have been dating for a year and a half, and he’s diagnosed with adhd. He has inattentive ADHD and has a lot of trouble listening to conversation, following orders, remembering things, or being present to spend time with others. He normally spends his time “owning” conservatives on Facebook and generally being on his phone a majority of his day. We’ve had a lot of relationship issues due to his inability to be present in the relationship and meet my needs for basic affection and conversation. Anyways, his friends and family make similar complaints to him and ask him to please listen to instructions, not go on his phone at every opportunity, and to not be so reactive. But he speaks as if EVERYONE ELSE is the problem, saying things like “so and so is so critical of me for no reason. Why do they have to nag me like that, it’s mean“. But he fails to understand that if everyone is having the same complaints, the only common denominator is him. He can’t internally review his actions and see why he may have hurt others and their “criticism” is just a desperate plea to be treated like they matter. Has anyone else experienced this with their partner??? I’m getting frustrated and can’t even start to explain to him why these are happening, as he will blow up on me and I don’t want to deal with that
2d9fe78f20e638cdbc90dc7bc25205b0cc180aa91af904012ae1598dce73e82f;;;NDX Partner's Work is Taking Over His Life;;;My fiance and I recently moved across the country for my job. In our previous home, my NDX partner had a job where people told him exactly what he had to do and when to have it done. He hated that he was not shining and doing cool stuff, and he would get discouraged and fall behind on work, and then work for 2 weeks 24/7 saying if he doesn't he'll get fired. I call it the feast and famine cycle. I thought it was just that the job was annoying and menial. (His friend was in the same spot and struggled in a similar way)  We move to the new place, he finds a new job with a less mature department. He has to make and maintain his own systems - that's his big chance, right? ***Wrong.*** We had talked about how he may have ADHD before ^((spacing out and not listening, constantly biting me or pinching me or whatever the tick is until I have a breakdown and cry and it stops for a few months, struggling to follow through on promises, not unpacking anything when we moved, me being in charge of detailed planning, etc)), but this is a whole other level. He is so worried about getting fired or not completing projects that he sits at his computer for 14+ hrs a day, but if you check in on him and listen... he's not really working at all. And then it's 5 PM and "he didn't finish what he had to so he has to work late." He's been working weekends, pulling all nighters, for a job that honestly does not sound very complicated or challenging.   The role he had before is really similar to what he is doing now, but how he is coping is totally different. It's honestly ruining our relationship. He has no time for any chores (not true before! he is usually cleaner than me! and a better cook!), when we do hang out it's all passive (TV, movies - we used to do things! go outside!) and he struggles to have meaningful conversations about anything but work. Once we talk about work, and we work through what he should do differently, he doesn't change and everything is the same, and he is still working a ton.   Our wedding got postponed, we bought a house (so 2 moves in 12 months), we're both WFH because of COVID. It's been a tough year without his issues. I don't know what to do. I cry a lot.  He's dejected, I'm resentful. He found a therapist this month and tells me how much he wants to be better... but I just can't see this getting any better. Does it get better? I feel like if he quits his job he'll just take everything he already has and not succeed there. What do ADHD people do for work that they thrive? How can I not be upset all the time?
31dafa076c74341f661744261f034e80804dd6ca6a562dffb5369f763466dad0;;;long distance adhd partner just broken up;;;my now ex (22M) just broke up with me (26F) yesterday, and i am not sure if i should just give up.   we had been dating for around a year, we live states apart, but we have a very close relationship. he is my best friend and i am his. he's incredibly sweet and funny. we don't argue or fight very often until recently a week ago when i started to really feel ignored. i didn't understand why until i came across some hyperfocused adhd threads, and everything started to make a lot of sense. its impossible for him to do two things at once. he is dx adhd and he used to be on medication but that was before we met, he never brought it up really or ever used it as an excuse, he just always says "my brain just works different".   a week ago we talked about how it wasn't fair of me to be so upset. if i knew there was a reason behind all of it, i would of looked at things differently. because now that i understand, i felt so much better. our talk went really well and we had a great rest of the week watching movies and doing anything else long distance can really do together. even the night before he ended it we had a very nice night, and all of this caught me by surprise the next day.    being the non-adhd partner this is incredibly hard for me to understand our break up.      his reasons being were that, he has a lot of things in his life he needs to get started on (starting school, jobs etc) and he feels that he can never start those things while being in a relationship.    he feels our relationship was going perfectly fine (as fine as a long distance can go), there was nothing wrong with us, its just he needs to stop putting things off. and i completely agree, as i am also dealing with my own hardships with finding a job, i think this is an important step for him. but i dont understand completely why he can't do these things with us being together.      he also worries about stuff in the future, who would move etc. but i'd literally do anything for him.   i'm completely aware i can't see the whole picture of what's going on in his brain, he looks at and does things differently. but i am understanding of all of it.   i have never stopped him from doing anything, and he wants to continue to talk as this is difficult for him to go through this too. (that's what i really don't understand, we talk still but just not as a couple?)  i know i can't change how his mind works.   do i just let him do what he has to do? or is there some way for this to work out in a way that he understands and accepts?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;My boyfriend rants but when it turns mean, it feels like abuse.;;;My partner has a tendency to have these very long monologues where he can talk about a hundred subjects in a short time. If I dont stop him he will keep going. I think its a cute quirk and I enjoy it. When it goes on for more than 30 minutes I'll tell him I can concentrate anylonger and he's fine with that. He usually doesnt realize how long he has been talking.   But when he gets upset or angry, its not cute anymore. He raises his voice or yells, sometimes 4-5 hours about everything Ive ever done wrong. Its down to the smallest strangest things, like he thinks Im listening to psycotic man hating music (Beyonce, Lorde, etc). Or he gets angry I drink 10 cups of coffee a day, though I drank 2 (and who cares either way). He gets angry at me for asking before I can take anything from his kitchen, and 20 seconds later he is yelling at me for not asking.   Its lead me to be extremely nervous and anxious all the time. I feel like no matter what I do, it will be the wrong thing. It seems like everything Ive ever done, has been turned around to me doing the wrong thing.  I asked him if he wanted to come with me on a trip with work, he would love to. Since Ive gotten alot of shit for it because he felt like I didnt want him there. (Im a photographer, I have to take photos, he knows that. I told him that). He yells at me for not involving him in my life. He has met my family. Im the only one ftom my class he invites my partner, when we have gone out to bars and parties (now its lockdown so I dont see anyone).   It doesnt take much to make him this angry and I think he might have rejection sensitivity. When he woke me 5 minutes before he was leaving and asked me if I wanted to come to this thing, I told him it upsets me that he havent heard me, when Ive asked him to ask me in good time, because I want to be able to take a shower and put on clothes. This resulted with him flipping out and rolling around in the hallway, instead of just going himself.  He knows I have a depression right now, it started some months ago. I started medical treatment, its slowly working. Ive told him the way I deal with it, is to be kind to myself, by not talking down to myself about staying in bed and being less social, and to slowly get ready again. This fits well with lockdown, I dont have any school or work. He says he fully supports that, but then in his rants he tells me I have no passion, Im lazy and Im doing it on purpose. He has dealt with a depression before we met. I would never say something like that to him. It makes me very angry that he feels like thats okay.  After his rants he says he doesnt mean it, and he loves me for who I am, and that I havent done anything wrong.  But that doesnt make it go away for me, and he's made it impossible to trust his words . My selfworth has gone down alot. His words about me, are worse than my depression thoughts. It takes alot of convincing to get myself back on a more positive selfloving track.  He used to throw things and destroy things but he is trying to controle that.   I told him today that I feel like its psycological violence, with these many-hours sessions of yelling at me. I am also embarrased that the neighbours can hear it, as he is yelling some extreme things.  He got upset and left, because he said he felt like he was going to say mean things again.   I dont really know what to do. I dont feel safe with him. I feel like Im walking a minefield. I dont think he is a cold or mean person, because he is also very warm and loving- but these rants are getting to me, and its become clear to me that I cant seperate it anymore, and that I have been taking it in, letting it effect my selfworth. I am worried his selfhatred has rubbed off on me, and I have become depressed by it.
518494a64f06572c22dbc07635dbc316fb808b623e6ddb484a0e7b4e64b99eda;;;Need some more tips and trick, part 2!;;; Hey there guys! It's me again(NDX)  The cylinder head crisis and tooth extraction crisis are over! So we decided to try and work on things but I'm talking in circles again.  So a few things, in my last thread I was NDX. Since then I've been DX with Autism(level 1 foremly asperger's) Bipolar 2 and PTSD. So I have quite a bit of work to do on myself. Working on a proper med route and therapy.  We found out one of my biggest triggers is his unregulated ADHD symptoms. So I have some work to do on that as well.  But I digress, today after trying yet again we got in a fight. Yay me lol. The silver lining is that he figured out that only negative reinforcement works with his ADHD.  What I mean by negative re-inforfement is that when his mother told him to throw out the trash...and he did not do it in a timely manner....she basically threw it in his room.   Something similar happened, I admit I'm not proud of this moment either. I kept tripping on his shoes(supposed to be left out of the way in the shoe closet) Out of anger I threw the shoes outside. He couldn't find them untill I told them they were outside. Funny enough he has never done it again.   So, great a strategy works. I'm not ok with the pettiness or negativity involved. I consider this type of reinforcement very toxic and damaging to his mental state. I'm not a petty person and O was with a toxic man in my previous marrigae(emotionally/phys abused) I refuse to use this strategy with my partner.  He is in the process of signing up for therapy, which he obviously needs.  If positive reinforcement does not work and logic based reinforcement does not work....what else can I try in the meantime? Anyone else been in a similar situation?   Also for the record, I know MIL is abusive and has issues of her own. 2/3 of her children are o. Therapy and they are all messed up in some way. She spent most of their lives not showing them love but basically using them as pawns for whatever her will was. When she couldn't get her way with their father(during divorce) she attempted suicide. She tried to say it was "an accident" but there is now way a BSN doesn't know that swallowing a whole bottle of Ativan won't kill her. She is a very manipulative woman and also called CPS on us when she did not get her way(long story) Sorry for the TLDR but there's the context.  TLDR: Positive reinforcement and logic based reinforcement does not work on (DX) partner. Due to a bad childhood only Negative reincorcement works. This is toxic and I won't do this but need to do something.
e3d309e6f5a2d5989365e59293d81aaa08d654f68488a12ac78ab2082580b117;;;How to avoid frustration;;;How to avoid frustration at their lack of trying when you experience the same/very similar symptoms from other conditions and manage it far better?  I just can't feel empathetic for my partner when they struggle with executive dysfunction, time blindness and hyperfixations because I also experience those things but manage them effectively, completely unmedicated. I have ASD and PTSD, which causes lots of ADHD symptoms, but I damn well manage because as a woman, I've never had a choice, I've always had to manage, long before I was diagnosed!!  On that note, how in the hell am I supposed to navigate their want for spontaneity and lack of routine with my NEED for structure and routine? Part of managing my mental health so well is structure and routine and when we're together, they just leave me in limbo, never knowing what's going on until it's already happening. They can't even plan a simple dinner without getting lost scrolling through their phone and I'm not able to cope with this. My mental health is suffering when I'm around them.  The funny thing is, I've heard structure is great for ADHD folks so why do they insist that their way is better, that living in chaos is functional when it's clearly not?? I've tried to talk to them about this but I don't think any of it is going in, I don't think they care enough to TRY to introduce structure. It seems like any coping skills I suggest that have helped me with these symptoms they experience, all the help I try to give either doesn't go in, or they try once and then give up when it's not easy. Please, I'm going to lose my Shit.
a8d108fecdbb0f0d999986213a070bed2ceb397a16a548e5d0e2b46ae5d5a2ed;;;Needing some guidance regarding DX partner;;;Hey guys, I’m a long time lurker but only getting across to posting now. Me (27f) and my partner 28m DX) have been going out for 2 and a half years. We live together.  We’ve had rocky relationship but managed to sort things out (communicating properly etc) later last year. It was wonderful and really felt like we were doing very well, communicating well, I was so proud of us! fast forward to now we’ve just had our first big giant argument since we’ve been doing well and the last week has felt like how we used to be and  I’m starting to feel really disrespected again with how he’s communicating with me.  Today he grabbed me to make a point (I accidentally hurt while kissing his neck and sucking lol) him and was playing around and thought he was playing around too when he said it hurt, then he went to grab me and said ‘don’t worry, I’m going to kiss you like you did, it won’t hurt’ in a very... nasty and condescending way.   So this sort of snarky, sarcastic, condescending way that he’s communicating was how he used to communicate with me and I’ve seen it over the last week pop up multiple times again which is worrying.  I’ve communicated my feelings, I’ve shared how I’ve noticed it again and it’s worrying me. I’ve recently started to get upset and today I got angry because it just wouldn’t stop and it felt like I was talking about something really quite important and it went in one ear and out the other.   I really just need some guidance. We’re not good right now and I’ve just been balling my eyes out, I’m so so worried this old, disrespectful partner is coming back and our relationship will turn toxic again after us both being so proud of how far we came.   Thanks for reading this! Sorry it’s so much, just need to get it off my chest, feeling lost.
30d0ab6345fe08cfdea472d4b0d1206e485729136a5b44f9c3d099c9d04413b6;;;Update: I’m mad he’s (DX) lying about therapy to others;;;[OG Posts](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/df16pk/update_minor_success_am_i_a_bad_person_if_i_no/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)  I know that getting therapy is a hard step for most, but I’m so mad right now. It took so long for him to accept that it’s what he needed to do and he dragged his feet so long doing it and now he doesn’t think he has insurance. There were so many excuses - couldn’t find the card, needed to find a dr, had to wait for cards to arrive, cards arrive but now he doesn’t know if his plan auto renewed and if he even has insurance now.  In the meantime, we’ve been to ONE couples counseling session. It was a good one although we spent a lot of the time about his background and the focus was on him - I’m fine with that, he’s mostly the issue anyways.  But I’m mad that he made a social media post about it. He has the audacity to tell his social that he hasn’t played X game in X time bc he had an unhealthy obsession with it (no duh). He went on to give an update: he’s got a new job (YAY! So proud of him for this); he took a long mental health break from X game (and replaced it with Pokémon but I digress, plus we play together a lot so we haven’t been lacking in us time); and he’s getting counseling. RECORD SCRATCH. We got couples counseling to work on our relationship and how he was single handedly ruining it. He needs to go to his own therapist to work on his anger issues, anger managements and how to relearn being a functioning human with his AHDH, preferably without meds but he’s “open” to exploring that.  Maybe I’m taking it too personally but that post seriously pissed me off. He didn’t start counseling, he’s been putting it off to the point where he doesn’t even know if his insurance is still active. Thankfully the new job provides insurance - but doesn’t activate for 60 days. I’m mad that he basically is lying to people about seeing counseling for his issues but that’s not the case, not really. I feel like he’s using my free work resource as a means to circumvent getting actual therapy. I texted him this morning telling him I’m upset about the post as I feel likes he’s not only lying but also taking advantage of my work resource without respecting what it’s actually for.   I’m at a loss. I thought we were going in the right direction. We’re supposed to sign the lease today. I just got a new credit card to buy our furniture next week. I feel like this is a huge step backwards.  Also bonus: I was annoyed he was up all night playing the game and he countered with I’ll be up for our appointment and also don’t worry you’re hot. I thought that was really out of left field so I checked his phone. He’s taking to this girl again. The boundaries are still in place and she recently made a personal breakthrough about how she acted during these past few months and has acknowledged (not to me but to him) that she has an unhealthy relationship with him and her needs and that she understood she had to back off and not use my SO as her emotional support animal and also not be upset for him it being there for her bc he’s not her fucking boyfriend. I guess that’s a good sign? Also duck her.  I’m exhausted.
2fdacd00fb3cfad7042250bc1c4564c14c40e7b98f44019380ac21870ce0b506;;;Adventures in Reddit Flair, and other administrivia;;;* This sub has a sidebar that lists some related subreddits and rules. It may not show up when you view the sub with the old Reddit theme (thanks Reddit!), so if you don't see it, try going to [https://new.reddit.com/r/ADHD\_partners](https://new.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners). * We have enabled post flair! We're starting with a few general flairs, as Reddit only allows a single flair per post. You should be able to flair your own posts, at least on desktop. If you leave your post without flair, mods might try to flair it for you. The goal of using flairs is to make it easier to search for posts of a certain type. * You may notice that there is no rant/vent post flair. This is intentional, as we're planning an experiment of consolidating rant/vent content into weekly threads instead of individual posts. Expect weekly threads to start showing up some time later this week, depending on when we manage to persuade Automod to do our bidding. * User flairs are available, too. There's a "community options" dropdown in the sidebar where you can select and edit your user flair. Use your user flair to tell others what they might want to know when they see your posts and comments. Please start with the DX (self or partner is diagnosed with ADHD), NDX (not diagnosed), or Other flair and edit it to contain the information you want. * The Wiki is visible ([https://new.reddit.com/r/adhd\_partners/wiki/index](https://new.reddit.com/r/adhd_partners/wiki/index)). It's currently just a pile of resources and some acronyms, but we hope to build it out over time. If you have science or articles you'd like to nominate for inclusion in the wiki, please post them with the science/articles flair.  Please let us know what you think of these changes by commenting below.
53f3806749f46bfe6fdf4aa3fbd776d557d4757ac170f39996c5596e442119a7;;;My (21F/dx) relationship (w/ 22M) is falling apart, and I don't know what to do anymore;;;i'm so distraught i don't know where to begin, and this is all going to sound like rambling without direction, so please bare with me. i have nowhere else to turn, and i figured that this is anonymous enough that i can receive some help or guidance without admitting my situation to my friends or family.  TL;DR: my (21F/dx) SO (22M) is draining our relationship and he somewhat acknowledges his behavior, but doesn't make the effort to change or work on anything to fix it.  so to give some context, my boyfriend and i got an apartment together about 3 months ago, after less than 6 months of being in a serious relationship. prior to living together, we had mild disagreements in our relationship but we almost always resolved things, and *never went to bed mad at each other,* so to speak.   i have DX adhd and he doesn't understand it, and really doesn't believe in mental illnesses; has the mindset that everything is "all in my head" and that i "just need to change what i don't like" etc etc etc  he has a very outgoing and excitable personality, which i adored when we first started talking and hooking up; but since living together, this excitable personality has started to manifest as uncompromising selfishness and explicit stubbornness which has started to affect me more intimately. he gets overtly frustrated and angry about seemingly unimportant things, and constantly demands getting his way in nearly every situation. i do my best to be accommodating and understanding of our personality differences (honestly catering to his needs more than mine, and giving in to avoid conflict whenever possible), but there are certain things i cannot waver on and it typically results in an issue.   we've been at odds with each other ever since we moved in together (seriously within weeks), and it is unrelenting. i'm getting more and more depressed over the state of our relationship, and i truly feel directionless. i don't know what to do anymore, i don't know where to begin repairing everything that has been ruined, and i don't know how to handle the impacts of this.  most recently, he was really aloof and acting offbeat for a couple of days and i finally pried a response out of him about what was going on. he expressed to me that he's unhappy (which we've both admitted to each other multiple times, and are in the process of trying to fix).  essentially what he communicated was that he wasn't sure about how to talk about the feelings he was experiencing, and said that he didn't want to talk about it because it would seem like he was about to end the relationship. he admitted to feeling guilty for not giving equal effort to the relationship because he knows i'm giving more effort, and looking back he wasn't happy when we moved in together because it made him think the relationship would be better if we lived separately. he explained that he still loves me and doesn't want to end the relationship, but he wants to live on his own and thinks things between us would be better if we didn't live together. following those remarks, he said that he's really just selfish and wants to be on his own, but feels bad and guilty about it because he thinks i'm "cool" and i give so much that he's unable to reciprocate. all in all, he says he feels like a piece of shit for the way he has been treating me, and that he has things to work on personally before our relationship is able to make him happy.  ***my rsd is screaming***  the conversation fell out of sight and we haven't talked about it since (about two days ago), but i'm scared to bring it up again. the entire situation made me think his excuses were the typical, *it's not you, its me* excuse, as well as, *you're a really cool person but i just need to focus/work on myself right now* excuse when trying to end things without taking responsibility or admitting the entirety of the issue. i guess i'm just frustrated that he admits the selfish behaviors and lack of consideration for my feelings, but hasn't made the effort to resolve anything or change his actions/behaviors.  i'm honestly beside myself about this, and i don't know what to make of the entire situation. there are countless factors that contribute to all of the things going on between us, but i just need guidance for moving forward in our relationship after he has expressed all of this to me. this keeps permeating into other areas of my life, and i've had the most difficult time trying to manage my schoolwork while coping with our relationship issues and his lack of consideration or compassion for the things i'm struggling with beyond our issues.   i have no desire to end our relationship, and we aren't in any position to separate because of our lease. however, i'm losing a lot of hope and i can't shake the feeling that we aren't meant for each other.  i need some advice on how to handle this and what to do. thank you for reading all of this, and feel free to ask any questions for more context or clarification. i appreciate any help or suggestions in advance!  (posted to other subs too)
56019ba7ff6ddfafb86caffe7635f04103873dd117b04d53fca503b456767c0b;;;I'm the ADHD partner.;;;Just starting off by saying I'm undiagnosed (NDX). I don't expect much sympathy, because I feel a lot like I deserve the suffering, but I want to ask you all for some help. I hope also I don't come off as blaming my ex, because a lot of this is really my doing. This is going to be quite a long post, too - I have a confessing compulsion.  I started researching ADHD symptoms after me and my (NT) ex broke up in November. A lot clicked, that I'll go into later. Our relationship was tumultuous to say the least. But if I had to summarise it, I was outed and diagnosed with severe anxiety and OCD afterwards. I was unmedicated for both until this month. I also never thought I had ADHD either. I wasn't good at communicating - I was scared of bringing problems up to my ex because although I told them I can't communicate well because of familial trauma, but I *am* trying, and for them to be patient while I sorted out my words so I don't get caught up in the moment, they would still feel critical of me if that makes sense and they'd stonewall too (which I can understand - it mustn't have been easy dealing with me). Most of these problems came after I was pushed more than once into things I said I wasn't comfortable with only for my ex to repeat them again.  Over time my symptoms got worse for both my OCD and anxiety because I was at home with abusive parents, and I ended up depressed. There were times where I considered breaking up because I felt like I was at my wit's end but I stayed because I didn't want to break my promise to my ex. There was also a time they broke up with me because the thought of what could happen to me scared them, even though I reassured them that I would be careful, only for them to take me back in a day. I think from there everything worsened. They got a high paying job, which of course I was happy for them about, but as they worked more and had less time with their immediate family and friends, they spent less time with me. This is just a disclaimer; I would NEVER ask my ex or anyone to spend less time with people they love, but I felt as if I was less and less of a priority to them and it hurt a lot. I even asked them, if they wanted, to initiate calls with me because I'm on a much freer schedule. Nothing. It hurt more because where I am jobs were rare and it was impossible for me to get a good one because the minimum wage was bad. I began feeling lesser than and compared myself consistently to my partner - although I didn't voice it in such a way and said once in passing I was just sad at not being able to find a job so I could meet them. I felt distant for a while because of this and as the situation with my family got worse but I needed time to gather my thoughts before I said anything - but this definitely could have been handled better on my end. They obviously caught on and I apologised, and I promised I'd try harder. I also told them about my OCD concerns and sent a link that I believed would help them.  And while I genuinely thought I was trying - acting visibly happier, communicating when I feel overwhelmed and when I need time out, asking what more I could do to better the situation, staying up until late so I could send my partner to bed, being there for them - there was definitely a place where I was lacking on top of my communication skills. I hyperfixated on a lot of things, like bands. And these for the last week of our relationship were all I talked about. I physically couldn't control it. I just had to speak. Not that that is an excuse. I never read beyond the lines and I didn't know how to interpret their one worded replies, and while I invited my ex to speak, and cared about what they had to say, I believe they just didn't trust me as much after the events of the last week. I understand that. I think I sort of understand being chewed out by her friend for it too, because it was hurtful. And I think it is justified that they left. I really hope that they're happier now.  I just have an immense amount of guilt on my end. While there are some things I didn't cause, and some things I did cause, I feel like mostly the burden of the relationship failing is on me. I might have done all I could during the relationship with the resources that I had, but I feel shame for learning so late that there was something else I could have done. I often focused so hard on things like studying and online courses that I unintentionally ignored messages. I shut down if I was faced with conflict because I easily got overwhelmed and I didn't want to cause problems and I was scared of what my ex would say. I was an extremely shitty communicator, but I was gradually learning to speak up about things that made me uncomfortable and I really thought I was improving. I accept all of these wrongs.  And that's where I want to ask sincerely for advice: How can I move forward from this? Now I have access to therapy again, I have a new therapist and I am being prescribed Prozac for my OCD and seeking and ADHD assessment soon. I'm also working on communication and opening up to family and friends. But more than all of this I want to know how I can be better next time. I know having a partner with ADHD can be hard sometimes and even more so if in a situation like mine where I didn't even know anything was wrong until now. I want to be better for next time. That's all I want.  TLDR: I'm an ADHD partner who had an overwhelming relationship due to outside factors and hyperfixated on other things to fill the void. I want to be better for next time and stop beating myself up. How do I go about this?  Last thing: If I come across as JADE, please tell me. I don't want to do that and I just wanted to provide context to help people understand me. Also, if this isn't really the place for such a post I will delete right away.
78b84e977f4680ea082641c270b3ba95b69137fdd092455ea5bfa12fe78160d8;;;How to handle feeling alone and disconnected from partner with ADD?;;;I can feel really disconnected from my partner, especially when I'm feeling down. I've had a rough couple of years  (burnout at my PhD, chronic migraines, PhD supervisor passing away, mom diagnosed with cancer, ...) and am going to therapy. It is very difficult for my bf to listen to me. He can often make me feel like I'm nagging on about things, taking too much "space" and leaving no spacefor him. For example, one time I had a bad day at work and he promised I could talk about it in the car to my moms. Halfway through my story without having given any other reaction to anything I said, he asked whether it was "his turn" to talk about his day. I was already pretty emotional and was aobviously offended. He then responded with "okay, I can see you have no space for me", making me feel bad as if I'd been selfish and nagging him the whole time. Most of the time when I'm talking, he will not respond, and he will be busy doing other things. Whenever I question whether he's listening, he'll just repeat what I said without giving any other kind of response. This makes me feel incredibly alone with the issues I'm dealing with. Ironically, one of the issues I'm dealing with in therapy is that I feel the people in my environment don't really care about me, so the way he's acting really hits home.  On top of that, he doesn't seem to want to spend time with me. He likes to be by himself and spends a lot of his time gaming. I like to keep busy. Most of the things I like to do, he doesn't want to do. I feel like I have to do most of the things I truly want to do by myself. If I am able to convince him to spend time together, more than one thing per weekend is "too much". When I confront him, he mostly says things like "we went for a walk last week". I'm tired of having to beg for his attention and always feeling like the needy one, while he doesn't seem to care whether he sees me or not.  The last two weeks have been particularly difficult. I'm starting trauma therapy, which also means talking about the traumatic events (and thinking about them between sessions). My therapist said to "warn" my boyfriend that I could get emotional. His response was "so the same as always then". I kind of gave up trying to talk to him, since every time I tried his response was quite hurtful. When I confront him with how I've been feeling, his response is that I'm also not talking about it (while I feel that when I try, he just doesn't want to here it). At the same time, he's been deep into the release of a new game. He might come down to watch TV with me once a night, but only if I'm not watching anything yet (and ofcourse he doesn't want to talk when we're watching TV).  Does this sound familiar to anyone? How do you cope?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;I'm only starting to realize now, over 2 years in, that my adhd partner is emotional unavailable and that it isn't my fault.;;;Today I asked him if he would consider moving with me to my city. We live in his now, for the second time.  (Its two different countries, but the cities boarders up to eachother). They are about an hour and a half with train from eachother so its not the biggest move. He mentioned he could get a company car, which means it would take him about 30-40 minutes.  He keeps saying he wont move until we are in a better place, but we arent happy here and we might never be.   He likes to play computer, (alot). I feel lonely here. He wants me to be more independent. If we lived in my city, I'd be able to go out and fuel up with chatting and emotional support that he has a hard time with, and I would be less resentful of how he chooses he manage his time.   But its like it doesnt occur to him that he needs to compromise somehow. He only thinks about what he wants. And even though he wants us to be happy, he cant think big picture, and realize that if he shows that he willingly can prioritize my happiness, then I will be happier, and I'd have more energy to clean up after him and compromise in the ways I already am emotionally and sexually.   Can I explain this to him in way that makes him understand that this relationship isnt only about what he feels like?
52e0a100c98b16b3449f00e5fadc97c89fc9b00217d249bbb9710ad3f473b7aa;;;ADHD and trauma VS Relationships;;;Hi! I'm cross-posting here and in r/adhdwomen cause I'm in need of several perspectives.   First of all I'm (F26) a partner with ADHD, so I hope it's allright to post here. Apologies if not.   I'd like to get a lil productive with you guys for a moment and ask for (every) advice (in the world if possible).   Since getting diagnosed last year I've basically been going through the 5 stages of grief. I'm at a point where I've come to terms with everything and I'm accepting the situation as it has become. I've realized that most of my (objectively imo) bad behaviors that make me hard to be around are mainly trauma-related reactions that I can, want and also need to work with. Some examples being:  -being extremely sensitive to critique -needing to always be in control -getting defensive when questioned -shutting down when facing small hardships  These are of course accentuated by my adhd but not inherently a part of it. Realizing this has been a major stepping stone on the path to becoming who I truly want to be, and I'm proud to say I've already come a long way.  I went to therapy for a while but can't do that atm. I practice what some might call mentalization, and try to do that as often as can. The meds helps me especially well in that sense, cause they give me the ability to think through things a bit first. I also try to do cognitive behavioral therapy with myself as best I can. Me and my partner (F26) talk a lot about my toxic behaviors and I work a lot on trying to understand how my behaviour can hurt others. I try to work through and understand the source of my trauma so that I can end the cycle of shame-based trauma and the reactions that follow.   Thing is, my wonderful partner of two years is at her wits end. She sees me and my progress, and she often expresses how proud she is of me, but she's human and understandably has times when she's losing her patience. I've not been a good partner for her at times, I can't take all that back, but having her in my life gives me an extra kick to do something about my behaviours so that I can be a better partner for her. I want this for myself, but I'd prefer to have it ASAP for her sake.   We have lists for stuff I need to work on (also getting a bullet journal today). We talk it out after every incident. If one strategy fails, we try another one instead. Tbh I'm convinced I couldn't have had a better partner for this, she gives me slack for ADHD-absentmindedness,  holds me accountable for my bad behaviour while at the same time shows understanding for the trauma it's rooted in.   But I Need To Make It Happen Faster. I love her, and I can't lose her. I especially refuse to lose her because I'm making her go crazy from all my shit. I'm not giving those who caused me all this pain the pleasure of seeing me lose what feels like the love of my life.   I'm desperate for all your advice. Every single thing you've felt has worked for you as a SO or as a SO with ADHD. What strategies do you felt worked? Have you achieved happiness in your relationship personally? Did  you give up/settle with less? Any books, articles, strategies etc.? Do you know of any support groups online for either party (or maybe combined?) that actually works on issues rather than just complains about them? I wanna hear every advice, suggestion and personal story of success and failure 😭  I'm probably eventually sending this post to my girlfriend at some point, so if there's anything specific you want to ask or want her to know please do tell. I'm sure she'd love some words of both advice and encouragement as much as I'd do.  Thank you so much in advance. If any of you have any questions or want me to elaborate more on some of our strategies that has actually worked, please let me know and I'll make and effort to get back to you as fast I can!
24625efdaaf89bf5f6ccdd177a46e0eccba60121ddb04b5025ed18dd38f48fb3;;;Its near impossible when he thinks his rejection sensitivity and bad emotional regulation are always right;;;I wanted to clean the apartment together today. We are stuck in here because of the virus. He hasnt succesfully cleaned (well ever) but Ive been trying to get him to join since I moved in, 5 monthsish now. Its not an natural easy thing for me either, but Ive done it.  Everytime we have begun he stops and play computer and says he'll do it later, while being annoyed about it.  Today I gave him tasks, I made a list to follow because he has expressed it would be helpful. From the get go, as always, he is annoyed and moody. We go down with the trash. Before the last trash is taken he takes all his clothes of. I tell him we should take it all down because of the bananaflies.   He then gets angry and tell him to just do it his way. I tell him Im only trying to help, and that usually when we have done it like that, he ends up not cleaning and I end up going it. He gets more pissed, and tell me he will lock himself in his room if I keep saying that. I back off, he stops cleaning anyways.   I tell him it makes me feel like shit, but he is sure I am the asshole as always and that his reaction is my responsibility. So I take a walk, to give it space. I come back hoping he has managed his emotion but find him instead playing computer again, saying that he is mad at me. So Im not going to get an apology.  How are you supposed to try and help someone, that they ask for, but when you do it they go to infant mode and start being mean and defensive instead?  I mean, Ive had enough. Its not worth it for me, if he cant even after realize he reacted wrong and be sorry. Then he just goes into his game for days, weeks instead. We are both heading 30. This shouldnt be happening.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Communication and other symptom issues are ruining my marriage;;;He is dx, on meds but usually they wear off by the time I am around him. He takes med breaks regularly. He doubles up on Vyvanse (which I do not believe is doctor recommended) when he works double hours and I see the backlash when his body rebounds.   He won't answer the phone consistently. He won't answer SMS consistently. He doesn't do the "active listening" that all the experts tell people with ADHD to use with significant others to reduce friction and improve retention. When he's trying to say something, he gets really mad at me if I do the active listening (because it messes up his train of thought) and gets so mad that I won't listen but he takes such long pauses to begin speaking, then I say ok go ahead and talk and he won't.   He also misunderstands me and doesn't realize it, acts on wrong information. Our last attempt at a vacation was ruined because out of 2.5 days there were only 3 times we needed to be structured to get somewhere by a certain time and it caused huge arguments. He had doubled up on his meds just prior, and was grumpy because of it.   He also beats himself up internally so badly that I cannot actually talk about my own feelings regarding his symptoms. I cannot say "when I've had so many times that I tried to call you and you don't answer, I don't feel like I can trust you." I cannot say, "I feel unsafe and like I cannot rely on you because your availability is not predictable." He hears this as "maltreatment." He shames himself so badly that he won't even try to participate in the neurotypical process of repairing a relationship after causing harm whether the harm is intentional or not.   I'm just tired of the chaos. I'm tired of things getting broken, routines falling apart, repeating myself. I'm especially tired of not being able to reach him on the phone. I told him I feel like I should list someone else as my emergency contact because who knows how long it will be before he calls a hospital back if I show up unconscious.
a70252c31d8819762abe527513203e735b002d14bf56b406f17fba9c54ac9b46;;;Relationship Struggles;;;I am struggling in my relationship and am curious as to anyone has had a similar experience and/or advice to offer (other than dump him). I have not regularly been around, let alone in a relationship with, someone with ADHD. He is addicted to social media (Instagram) and is \*\*always\*\* on his phone or his computer. Even when we are in bed, when we're watching a show or movie, sometimes when we're talking. I feel neglected, like he doesn't value spending quality time with me, and some other concerning things are ongoing. Long post, bear with me. Here are the main points:  \- began relationship and moved in together essentially at the same time due to COVID and me living in a threatening situation with a family member (April 2020).  \- he started a new job in August, between April and July was unemployed and at home all day (me too, working from home). the first 4-6 weeks of our relationship, we were having sex regularly. then, it stopped. we would go 3-6 weeks without having sex. he isn't a very affectionate person (with me, not sure about previous relationships). no makeouts, pecks on the lips here and there, no hand holding, no cuddling. I am a very affectionate person and enjoy sex regularly, to be continued below.  \- he was let go in october from his job and has been at home 24/7 again. no increase in sex.  \- there have been a few instances regarding porn: about a month or so into our relationship, his computer rebooted and he was in another room. a bunchhhh of tabs (like 30-40) of porn were open in his browser which popped up when the computer rebooted. I asked him about it and given we had not been having sex regularly, if he was feeling different about being together, less/not attracted to me, etc. he said that was not the case.  \- another time, a few months ago, we were sitting on the couch and he was on his phone, opened the internet, and bounced up to go plug his phone in to charge, when I saw out of the corner of my eye that there was a nude woman's bum on his screen.  \- I feel as though things had progressed for a few weeks, where we were intimate more than usual and he was less on his phone. then, the last 4-6 weeks have been almost worse than ever. he is constantly on his phone, we hadn't had sex until the other night for  about 5 weeks. I noticed in his browser history (web and Pixel phone, they are connected on his computer) that he has been watching and downloading porn videos everyday. he is a chaturbate user, which I haven't looked into, but if he is engaging with folks on cam, I consider that cheating. he doesn't know I know what he's been up to. he received a heart emoji snapchat response the other day from a female I have never heard him mention before. I have been an absolute mess and he has only shown me consistent affection since I have been upset over the last 1-2 weeks. he has said and texted multiple times that we should have sex, but no follow through. broken promises.  \- a few weeks ago, he asked me to intitiate sex more, which I have tried and have also made a few comments about him not following through on my initiation. nothing changes. it feels quite insulting that he asked me to inititate more, putting that on me, yet is making time to get off to porn everyday.  \- he made a comment the other day while we were talking that he has a wall up. he has been hurt by previous partners. it feels like he doesn't want to connect with me emotionally, hence the constant porn and phone usage. during that conversation, he also said twice that I am the only person he's talking to - which still doesn't sit right with me because I didn't ask him and we are monogamous.  \- I don't know how to approach this with him, as in asking is he addicted to porn or whatever else is going on here.  Thank you so much for reading if you've gotten to this point. Appreciate any feedback.
42fbaf2d67b3ec74b84de63cf930843cdfdb936d3bccf2b96f8a87b575bcad23;;;Stress has made my partner completely shut me out;;;My ADHD partner is going through a stressful time with work lately, and it has caused his ADHD to flare up dramatically. He is using his meds, but they seem to be doing nothing during this time, and his main symptom is that he has completely disassociated from me. I have to talk to him up to 10 times before he will hear me, he is hyperfocusing on his phone, and we haven’t had a meaningful conversation in about three weeks.  I love him deeply, but this is taking a toll on me. I miss him and don’t know where he is in there. Does anyone have any suggestions for what we can do for him and what I can do to keep myself sane in this difficult time?
f0bb6f118e1cabcf9d6e7edc83c31fb889cf36e09724636fbba9284b3cc1561f;;;Adhd bf admits he is not good for me;;;Sorry about the awkward format I'm laying here awake while he hugs me (sleeping after he took his pills 1.5 hrs ago).   He finally realized that I am upset with the lack of sex (intimacy) in our relationship.We both sat in the dark as we cried our eyes out and told each other our view on how our relationship has been. It's been rocky the past 6 months. We've been together 1.5 yrs together. He admitted that he hasn't been that horny. Idk what to do, all my worst worries and insecurities came out. He knows there's a lot of things wrong with him but doesn't really know what to do himself. I had the opportunity to finally agree with him and leave the relationship.  But I love him, and so instead I said that he and I should go to therapy together. What do you guys think? Did I make the right choice or should I have accepted defeat?
984b351c33a243c63c44d06b5c6844122ddb6710f9c0f23f84dde8f6f2d0e1ab;;;I bought myself a roomba;;;Dishes, bathroom, laundry, cat, cooking, grocery shopping, dusting, dog training are some of my (non adhd partner) household tasks.  Vacuum, garbage (when remembered), recycling (when remembered), yard (when it's gotten to) are the household tasks my (dx) husband and his brother who livea with us share.  I hate vacuuming and now we have a dog and cat... As you guessed, vacuuming never gets done... So I bought myself a roomba. I saw it at Costco for $80 off and got it. It will make me happy and hubby happy! Totally worth it.
cd0360a919c7fcd8bec372c88c7dfcf6df30aecb4e1c36bc62c29d0a1a5388c2;;;What is it like being a parent with ADHD? And NT partners, what kind of parent is your ADHD partner?;;;I'm (25F) in a happy and committed with my undiagnosed boyfriend (24M) and would very much like to start a family one day.   I'm interested to learn and know the experiences of being a parent while having ADHD. Is it difficult for ADHD partners and do you enjoy it or find it frustrating? And what's your relationship like with your children?  I'm also interested to hear the NT partner's point of view as to what the relationship of the ADHD partner and child(ren) are like :)
0d8762fd7edbaf6b1b34568015ca4dd9cddb8e5b2eda570a11d5d4cbd2cfe74a;;;Advice for a new diagnosis - not coping well;;;My husband of 1 year just got diagnosed and it came as a huge shock, though explained a lot too. I always thought his behaviour was just him...  We are falling into the typical roles - I’m angry as it feels like I all do all the heavy lifting at home (I do) and he thinks I nag (I do) - typical.   Anyway, I’m very interested to hear from how anyone has managed to move past the angry stage and be more understanding and accepting.   I am trying - and failing - to understand that his brain is hardwired differently to mine, so any advice on moving forward would be great as I hate the person I’ve become - angry and resentful
49810b9d918625cdcbdf91f5b030ede3ff95f52f3a6882a47f7deae3ff8f368a;;;Realizing that my marriage could be over with adhd husband;;;Don't know who to talk to or what to do anymore.   I met my husband 7 years ago while he was enlisted in the military, he was so bright, intelligent, thoughtful  etc, everything seemed so normal.   Fast track to now, we have a beautiful 8 month old boy, but our marriage is on the brink of divorce because I just can't take it anymore.   For years we've argued about the same things and since we've become parents it's becoming increasingly worse. I don't want our boy to grow up in a hostile environment and I feel like the only way to do that is to leave.   My husband was diagnosed with adhd as a child, and I have always had my suspicion that it has carried on through to his adult life.  We are arguing almost on a daily basis now because we just can't communicate and its at the point where I just can't handle being around him at all.   I'm so tired of the poor listening, forgetfulness, twisting of anything I say, short temper, inconsistency and not being able to rely on him.   It's the same cycle every time. We have a huge argument, he realises what he's done, he tries hard for a few days, then a week later if things are semi okay with us he's back to not trying again, like he thinks everything is okay so he doesn't need to make an effort anymore.   Every time we try and talk things through he has these moments of clarity and makes me think he does understand and that things are finally going to change and get better, then he goes back into this fog. Forgetting our discussions, saying I said things that I didn't. Making empty promises.   I'm exhausted and I miss the man I married.   When I met him, being in the military he had to exercise all the time. I've tried explaining to him several times that I have noticed he is far more clear headed and onto it when he exercises. And I also notice the drop when he doesn't. But he just keeps making excuses. He says hes going to work out and he wants to, but then when it comes down to it he makes any excuse he can.   I've spent countless hours researching techniques and strategies to try help our marriage but nothing works.   I'm tired of hearing "I should have" "I'm going to" "I want to" all to be disappointed and let down all over again.   He relies on me to give him the answers for everything. He won't be proactive and help himself. He says he's knows hes hurting me and he doesn't want to do that. And he tells me he knows what he needs to do but then he just doesn't do it.   Is there anyone going through a similar situation? I feel so alone.
a48eb77185c4fc5df77a42f52e4541f0d03a1f335f235eefe6af0b2cb064f02e;;;Ex partner calling consistently;;;Hi everybody,  Me, (F/27) split up with my partner (M/28) of two years in July. It was my decision.  To cut a long story short, he lives in another country but has returned out of the blue to the city that I'm in, probably to find work. Bear in mind it's been nearly five months; last night,  I had around 17 missed calls on my phone. He also tried to contact one of my friends to reach me. He also shares posts on FB which I can clearly see he shares only with me.  My friends keep asking me to block or say something, but I know that he's always been very inconsistent and quite funny with communication, but it's been a while since we broke up and I feel like I need to say something about this; I'm not quite over it yet so I feel very upset, anxious &amp; can't sleep, although I didn't want to allow it to affect me like this.Has anyone had similar experiences to this? Have I not put the point across correctly?  Thank you :)
279b979836fac0182c978694f35a0db388b9fb04a81ab1c20bcf48c5b23efec6;;;Did talking divorce get your partner to take ADHD seriously?;;;Hello everyone  &amp;#x200B;  Me and my ADHD husband are at the point of divorce, as in we are getting ready to file this week for it. We have been together for 4 1/2 years (we are long distance, im in canada and hes in the usa, we have been waiting 2 years for our marriage visa to be issued for me to move to the usa to be with him and we just about had it in April but covid19 hit so now its up in the air). I have decided to leave him now because of his ADHD (not covid19). Ill explain why.  &amp;#x200B;  When we first started dating he never told me he had ADHD, I had to figure it out on my own and I ONLY found out about it this past year when I asked him if he has it. He told me he has had severe ADHD as a child but never on meds for it. I asked him why he never told me about it and he told me "I didnt think it was an issue", but it is, it effects his daily living drastically but he doesnt think it does. Just watching how people react to him (he doesnt respect boundaries at all) and it is SO CLEAR it makes others uncomfortable, he constantly gets kicked out of places he lives for his erractic, loud, no boundaries, extremly messy behaviour etc.   It has also effected out relatonship drastically and we constantly fight because of his many symptoms. Im 30 and ive been in 2 other relationships in my entire life that have been very long term and have NEVER fought with any of them except this relationship. Examples, he lies to me alot and when I call him out on lying he gets extremly mad at me and says im blaming him when im simply stating facts (particularily lies about following nude women online on social media), has no boundaries with me (e.g will touch me sexually when I tell him no), Narcisstic as in constantly talks about himself and always seeks praise from other people, takes over conversations and never lets me talk and when I do talk he cuts me off constantly, I can never be right on anything with him (e.g I was in school for 4 years in a particular field and he will constantly tell me im wrong for what I do as a career and what I went to school for 4 years for), Forgets im even there when I visit him sometimes (e.g is an hour late picking me up from the airport because he forgot about me, will always be on his phone when we are out for dinner, he took me on a safari tour date and he spent the entire 2 hours talking nonstop to the female tour guide and literally forgot about me), he's beyond hypersexual and makes very innapropriate remarks constantly (he has fondled his sisters breasts infront of me before, thats how innnapropriate I mean), has no empathy (e.g I was crying my eyes out on the phone because something tragic happend to me and his first reaction was "aww I want to give you sex"..um WHAT?! im sitting there crying and you say that!? and then he went on a tangent for an hour talking about himself and video games like usual) there are many scenarios like that.  &amp;#x200B;  We have had many conversations over and over about these but nothing changes. He recently went on ADHD medication in Feb but I havent seen him since January mainly because of Covid19 so we havent been able to visit eachother. I have no idea in person how he is on meds but I cant tell much of a difference on the phone with him on meds. Since I have told him I want a divorce he has told me he's complelty different now on meds and everything will be better now but still I hear no difference on the phone and havent been able to see him in person to see. I have been very supportive of him at first with ADHD and read books and books to understand him but I cant handle it anymore. We probably wont be able to see eachother for another year (because of covid, but Im not sure on that time length) and I dont want to wait another year to finally see how he is on meds in person when I cant even hear a difference on the phone.  He's irate that I asked for a divorce and is in denial about how his ADHD symptoms has treated me in this relationship and wont admit it and is blaming me for all the problems in our relationship. Even me bringing up he has touched me sexually when ive said no to him he blames me for.  &amp;#x200B;  **My overall question is, did talking about divorce get your partner to really change and take ADHD seriously?**
a250f81bdba0fa7aa5e94dc3bbf1aa4477763eed27a7928bff843b06872c19b7;;;Personal responsibility &amp; ADHD;;;Do many adults with ADHD have a difficult to impossible time accepting personal responsibilities for their emotional outbursts, irrational behavior and generally where they are in life? My wife seems to place the blame on me for these things and it has reached a breaking point for myself where I am beginning to entertain the thoughts of divorce that sometimes pop out in her emotional tirades. I, of course, am the person who started the argument because of my lack of understanding of her ADHD. But I've read up on lots of resources for ADHD, and most of them basically say that one needs to put themself aside and coddle to the needs of people with ADHD. I've found maybe only 2 or 3 articles stressing the responsibility people with ADHD need to take for their actions and feelings, and theres 100s that say nothing about that.  Does this mean that adults with ADHD dont have to act like reasonable people to other adults? Because it sure seems like I just have to bite my lip and stay quiet, enduring the negative self-perpetuating, deprecating emotional diatribe that eventually seems to mark the last hour or two of each weekday and the whole of the weekend as it erodes my self-worth and the precious limited time that we get to spend together, or else it evolves into an argument. It's like she has a giant nail in her head and complains about all the feelings that the nail creates, but wont look at the nail and take it out, and it makes it worse if I mention anything about removing the giant nail that's obviously there causing problems, but then taking the nail out becomes another problem. I dont know if I'm wrong or what because we no longer have any friends to relate to and I get backlash for talking to or asking my family about this stuff. For instance, she had an emotional outburst on my birthday and threated to divorce me, which made me upset. So when my mom called to wish me a happy birthday, how could I not talk about that? Because I did that, now my parents are apparently unwelcome to stay with us when they visit. (I think that is abusive and manipulative please tell me if I am incorrect.) I bet I'll get a tongue lashing if she finds this post in her internet crusade to tell me how right she is about how wrong and non-understanding I am about ADHD stuff.  Certainly I dont know everything. But just as certainly, I think I know how to be a decent person to other people. And this behavior just doesn't seem like stuff you would subject someone else to, especially if you dont like experiencing it yourself, especially if you love them.
5f6e08ad614609b58c34badfeaa550836f57761ce9a3f8905b8713ef6638445e;;;Does he even hear me?;;;Is this an ADHD thing? Does this happen to anyone else? There are times when he's so fixated on doing something that he ignores me completely, ignores my needs, ignores what I'm saying, just plows ahead blindly as if I don't exist. It makes me feel invisible and unloved.  A couple extreme examples: on a big trip while I was 6 months pregnant, he planned a hectic itinerary that ended up involving TEN hours straight of walking. By hour 6, I was tired, and asked him if we could take a break so I could rest. He seemed to hear me but didn't act on it. As more hours ticked by, at first I thought I'd asked too nicely and he didn't understand the urgency. I got increasingly pleading and upset in begging him to let me rest. I didn't want to be left behind on a random street in a foreign country, so I kept toddling along. He never stopped. Finally, at 10 hours when he'd worn the rest of our group out too, one of his family members made him promise that this last place we were going to would be our final stop, and that we'd take a taxi back to the hotel. He promised. After we went to that site, he really pushed for us all to keep walking, and got very angry when we took a taxi. He insisted on walking back alone. The next day, I fainted at our first stop. I was beyond exhausted but he just couldn't register that. I ended up going back to the hotel alone and spending the day alone because his day 2 itinerary was more important to him that worrying about me.  Right now, we're having an issue with Christmas. We are supposed to travel out of state to spend it with his family this year. I will be 36 weeks pregnant, and we've known for months this might be iffy. He promised it would be my call. At my last doctor's appointment, she advised me against it. I told him I was so sorry, but I just wasn't up for the long drive. And... it's been like I haven't said anything. For the last week he's plowed ahead planning our trip. Nothing I say makes a difference. He's tried a million different tactics to force my hand or manipulate me into going, including telling me our drive will just be a test drive and we can turn around at any time. (Somehow I don't think he'd follow through on that...) It's driving me to craziness, because I tell him I can't go but it doesn't seem to register at all.  I'm hurt, I'm confused, I feel so ignored... I don't understand how he can just write me off like this. Is this just a part of ADHD? Is he hyperfocusing on the trip or something? I don't know what to think.
073fa2d6528a78c32e7fcb4b977a4b9ad590ae6ddf22397f925ab8682ea7bf05;;;I have a feeling I’m not alone...;;;After fighting into the wee hours of the night, today is one of those “I’m just so fucking done with all of this” kind of days for me. I try to journal to get out the anger and work through it. I wanted to share an excerpt as I could use some solitary today while he “gives me space” (ignores me)  ———  Let’s ignore the fact that we stayed up until who knows how late; two-ish I’m guessing. Why? Because I felt sad that we don’t do things together that I like; not just games or movies. Even though I consciously used little to no “you” or accusatory statements he took it as a personal attack on him and responded in kind. As usual.   It’s toxic and selfish. I feel unsupported in my feelings and wants. I understand that anything that smells like criticism to him is in need of a strong defense. He takes criticism poorly, as some people do... cool for them; whatever. But when everything I feel, think and want is twisted into criticism because it involves him in ANY—even slight—way, everything then warrants an attack. That is when it becomes toxic.  When your knee jerk reaction to my feelings and wants is anger and resistance is when it is toxic. I’m sick of accepting the awful things you say to me just because your have ADHD and can’t help but lash out. It’s not an ADHD quirk that I just need to accept for the good of our relationship. That’s just the shield you now use to keep us from looking at your resistance to closely. I got the benefit of the doubt early on in our relationship. “I miss spending time with you” was seen as sweet and loving in the beginning; the sentiments were mutual and validated. Now it’s a source or anger and seen as criticism. That change occurred because you let it happen in your heart.
be8bfc8fa0256c88e83d2e81c6317abac20869a7e68a29b6e6ff721dfa03971f;;;I’m tired of being blamed;;;I (F 26) admit that I have my fair share of anxiety just as any other person would, but I am growing more and more tired of having it being used against me...Every time an argument comes up, I get the blame of my anxiety making me “think too much” alongside a strong dose of defensiveness from him. Is this common for people with ADHD? My BF (26) has been diagnosed since early childhood and is currently medicated. I just feel like I’m at my wits end with constantly being accused of being a “bickering nag”. Also tired of not feeling like I can rely on him for emotional support. It just feels like anytime I share how something’s negatively affecting me, he either dismisses it or tries to downplay it with his own negative feelings, and I am left having to now comfort him. We have this vicious cycle of arguing every 2-3 weeks over the most minuscule things and it always ends in him not really taking responsibility stating that we should end things. It’s all wearing on me and idk what to do anymore. I love him and have been with him for 5 years but it sucks feeling like I have to walk on eggshells. Has anyone experienced anything similar? And if so, how did you tackle these issues?
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Our emotional dysregulation plays off each other in the absolute worst ways;;;We are both 29 and we both have ADD but symptoms present themselves differently in each of us. We've been dating for 3 years and living together for 1 and a half.   I feel like we waited way to long to start couples therapy and expect to grow as a happy couple but I'd love to imagine it's still possible.   I have had "overemotional" tendencies my entire life (didn't know until this past year that it was at least in part due to ADD) but have never turned to self harm until I started dating my boyfriend.   I have begun having rage attacks since we became a couple which often turn into me punching, choking, or otherwise hurting myself so that I do not hurt anyone else or anything around me. It gives me anxiety just typing it out.   Over the past couple years I have really been trying to figure out the cause of this as well as ways I can make it stop. There seems to be a pretty strong connection between my rage attacks and my boyfriends own emotional dysregulation.   If the words coming out of my mouth are not a 100% pleasant or fun topic, I will be faced with annoyance, blame, or avoidance. I feel like I've tried every approach to navigate this but it constantly ends in me being forced to internalize my feelings or problems and keep a smile on my face.   A lot of the time, I can only use my learned techniques for so long before I default to another rage attack. I have been practicing keeping a calm tone but loose my cool after being told repeatedly that I am still to blame because I wasn't happy sounding enough while expressing my upset or I am to blame because I brought up  being disappointed at all.  I always feel extreme guilt and shame afterwards and am apologetic and try to do things to make it better. I never hear an apology or acknowledgement from my boyfriend that he does anything wrong or might possibly play a role in what leads me to such a terrifying emotional state.  I just hate that I am left feeling like I am the *only* problem here when I know I am not. I do not behave this way around anyone else and have never acted this way around previous partners who were capable of discussing serious or unpleasant topics.   I feel so empty and drained and like an impossibly unlovable sociopath thanks to all this paired with our roommate/his BFF calling me that many times behind my back.
ed34326047eefc5d70eaa8633e7caeb660a2ae60e88dbd031c06494843a4b942;;;Calling out to you!;;;So frustrated!  Extremely overtaxed, dutied, FT working mom of 3- three activity teens.   late dx’d 6mos ago - cuz I’ve it my breaking point.  I get maybe 4hrs face to face time with my husband.  Who could give a shit that I’ve figured out what’s wrong with me. He’s never asked or expressed an interest in learning why.  He thinks all our troubles would go away if we only exercised.  He says he’s tired of hearing the ADHD word.
6d59c959b720059cc3b08b503f0b51c7fa22f55685439e21032855db5ace5e28;;;Handling GF's Constant Phone Use?;;;My GF (DX 2x weeks ago) was diagnosed and prescribed Ritalin last week. We've been together 2 years+. She runs an online business and has been the bread winner thus far.  Since all her work revolves around finding new clients online and finding them on social media, she is always on her phone. Sometimes for work and sometimes not (talking to friends). She likes to argue a lot with people online, and it bothered me so I quit social media. She also got back into League of Legends (a video game).  I'm a law graduate taking an exam soon. When we have dinner, she's on her phone. When we talk, the phone is always around her. In bed, she looks at the phone. I feel like when I try to talk to her, her attention is on the 10+ other people communicating with her on the phone. I've learned that entrepreneurs don't really have "work hours" because their business is their life.   I try not to say anything because she is again, the bread winner. I know she is also leaving me alone because of my studying, but when we do have time together, it feels very empty.   I'm so deeply unhappy with our relationship because sometimes I just want her to hold me in silence but that's difficult for her to do. I want her to just listen to me when I want to tell her how I feel but I can tell it takes a lot of effort to keep that focus (always pacing back and forth/tapping).  I feel like there isn't a relationship anymore between the two of us. It feels like a relationship with me, her, and all the other people on social media because work, video games, random wiki articles, and internet arguments are so much more interesting to her than me. Sometimes I want to smash her phone.  I want to learn patience because she did just get diagnosed and did just get medication. She's done a lot to understand more about ADHD and I know expecting our relationship to improve after some 1.5 weeks on medicine is unrealistic.   Any tips?
80f8d24057ff8f469daef36bf8e1a44fe19dbb3d500b0bc3100d9aadb9884713;;;Hung up on my sleep schedule;;;So my SO (situationship, live apart, M/M) has always been hung up on how I sleep. In the beginning it was because he cared for me, since I am bipolar and sleep is one of the best ways to keep it in check and see if I'm stable. The thing is, it has gotten quite out of hand.  Recently I've been able to keep a healthy schedule for me where I go to bed around midnight and get up around 10 or 11 AM every day. I don't have a job atm so I don't need to get up earlier than that. He, however, deliver stuff as a truck driver so he is often up very early (3-4 AM most days). Now, he is unmedicated but diagnosed with ADHD and, as far as I can see, struggle some to keep a healthy sleep routine himself. Sometimes he works with very little sleep and sometimes he sleeps most of the day, often irregularly. That's okay with me, if only he could have a healthier take on my problems with sleep, but instead he makes it feel like I am not enough no matter how well I am doing.  Tl;dr: SO is constantly finding faults with my sleep schedule, no matter what I do. Nothing is good enough. Is this normal for unmedicated ADHD?  He doesn't do this when I am there irl, btw. So it might be him acting out because he is missing me. I don't know. Thoughts?
30d0ab6345fe08cfdea472d4b0d1206e485729136a5b44f9c3d099c9d04413b6;;;Am I a bad person if I no longer want to be with my ADHD partner who doesn’t necessarily seem to want to work on himself?;;;My partner was DX as a child with ADHD and Oppositional Defiant Disorder. We’ve been together for almost 5 years and I feel that I’m at a point where I want to leave him. He was medicated, time managed, put on checklists, every tool/resource available to him growing up and he hated ALL of it so he doesn’t do any of these things as an adult. He’s unmedicated too.  For the past 3.5 years I let slid the fact that he never contributed to our relationship with chores or giving me attention, as he is always playing video games at home, sleeping all day all while unemployed. I was stuck in cool GF mode and recognize that’s my fault but it’s not like I never didn’t bring up the fact that he didn’t clean or cook or anything and would ask for these things and maybe get some of them. At that point I lost my cool and told him to get it together or I’d leave.   We’re about to reach our 5 year mark and I feel emotionally drained. Despite that talk, he still has trouble keeping up with chores and managing his time between me and the gym/video games. He’s still unemployed and generally does whatever he likes. He did get better in the fact that when he does do the chores, they get done to my liking however he still struggles with getting them done in a timely manner (letting dishes/trash clutter our kitchen for a week and a half, not cleaning his clothes or trash off the floor for weeks at a time, etc.)  Every time I tell him I appreciate what he does but what would make me happy is if he does it all consistently, without letting shit stack up and without me having to manage him doing it.  I have tried giving him checklists - it reminds him of his childhood and he hated it so he won’t do it (ironically last week after I complained about him slacking on the chores, he told me he functions better if he has a set time and day to do X chore.....like....a checklist perhaps???) Recommended therapy - hated it as a kid and won’t go now. Things like that.   He always lets himself off the hook by saying it WILL get done, just doesn’t matter when. He takes this approach with everything. If I ask him to hang out with me, he’ll be in bed with me carrying on convos on his laptop or play video games. Always in some capacity he doesn’t give me or tasks his attention. This lead to a minor and short emotional indiscretion with a woman in his gaming community with whom he still has a close friendship with after I expressed (and forgave his indiscretion of using her as an emotional proxy when he felt he couldn’t talk or communicate with me bc I was fucking furious over his lack of commitment to bettering himself and taking control of his ADHD and contributing to our relationship) that I wasn’t comfortable with them STILL talking even though he’s established and mostly maintains a lot of boundaries with her that I asked for. He did them very begrudgingly at first but mostly does them now without complaint and she is starting to get upset about it but doesn’t know it’s because I asked for it. Which is dumb on its face because she actively participated in the brief emotional affair and he won’t tell her I don’t like her or want them to be friends bc he doesn’t want to hurt her feelings/abandon her bc that’s what people always do to her and he generally hates confrontations.  Idk y’all. I feel like I’m so tired of him not taking me seriously and I’m tired of having to fight with him every two weeks about how he let EVERYTHING slide again - I’m talking little to no chores get done or I have to remind him over and over again that they need To be done, little to no jobs have been applied to and he streams/plays games all night. I don’t know what to do anymore except cry at work when he’s not around just so I can feel validated in my exhaustion and frustration. I am the only person bringing an income home (his mom pays his rent and health insurance), and I manage the house and chores - until I delegated all that to him since he’s been unemployed for most of our time together.   I don’t know if this is just bc how he is living unmedicated with ADHD, plain immaturity or maybe both, but I find it harder every day to see a future with him if he doesn’t get a handle on it. I express this every time we talk about it and he always promises to do better and yet here we are. We have honest and open communication - now more than ever post emotional indiscretion, and he is completely aware of how I feel and yet, he can’t be consistent for more than 15 days at best.  Has anyone found themselves in a similar situation? What did you do? I do love him but I’m stressed and tired and feel like checking out of this relationship - I told him this last night and he reassured me he still loves me and WILL change...
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;For those whose partners didn't disclose their ADHD, how did you find out?;;;Assuming they weren't diagnosed when you met. What made you think there was something else going on, and how did you start your search?
09f0fbfc2ba6eeda0f7d292032466e69566d4bed17b58ed42e32b11d4c34d821;;;I’m doing it... I’m finally ending the marriage.;;;I have finally decided to end my almost 3 years of marriage with my DX husband. He (25) and I (24) have had an incredibly rocky marriage from the very first day we were married. There was a lot of pressure for us to get married quick. I was not ready. But he insisted and one day said it was now or never. we went to a court house and got hitched. No family... no loved ones. I knew I didn’t want to do it, but I did it anyways. Cause I thought he would leave me if I didn’t marry him (young and dumb). The ADHD has played a significant roll in this ending. And that makes me feel like the devil. I couldn’t stick around because I couldn’t handle his disability? How horrible is that ? We were at our breaking point in the beginning of this year. That’s when he decided to get medication and to treat his ADHD. It helped him a little bit. He has a pretty high dosage. I tried to force him to eat through the whole process, he just wouldn’t eat. He lost 40 pounds in 3 months. He would have episodes of anger and being pissed off for no reason. Even though he was medicated he was barley able to do the bare minimum (if that) I love him. I really do. That’s why I’ve been with him the years that I have. I just know he’s giving his 100% right now. And it sounds messed up... but it’s not good enough for me. It still leaves me feeling like I am picking up most of the slack. I still need to drag him to do things. I still have to beg for his help. It sucks it really does. I just want an equal partner... and this whole marriage has drained me. I feel like I am the mother to a teenage boy. I just can’t anymore... how do I rid myself of all of this guilt ? Makes me sick of myself... I hate it. I just can’t do it.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Everything is last minute;;;I am irritated and stressed because my husband never plans anything in advance and if he tries, he loses track of time and then doesn't keep the commitment. Last night he asked if I wanted to hang out and watch a show when I was done with my bath. I should have said no, but I have also complained that he doesn't initiate shared activities so I was trying to be cooperative. I cut my bath short because I knew it was late enough that there wasn't time for the relaxing bath I wanted and time to watch something before I get sleepy. I'm a morning person and work at 7am. I can't stay up til 2 like he does. He knows this. But of course he lives on last minute everything. I got out of the bath and he said he had to go do something before we could watch the show. I got so angry. Why ask me to do something if you aren't ready to do it. I cut my own self care short and he wasn't done piddling around.   Is this really just ADHD and I have to deal with it? He says this is just how his brain works and he can't fix it. I think maybe he could learn to check the time before suggesting something and say "I know it's kind of late for you but..." To just show some tiny awareness of other people's needs. Is that really too much to ask?
0413620fb7a99bc00418b365b508f83f3a036851880c0b05e8a0c27d568ef084;;;NDX is great but just so messy. How do partners deal with general messiness/untidiness????;;;So my boyfriend is undiagnosed with ADHD but it’s unbelievably clear he has it. My ex was diagnosed with ADHD and their traits are very similar. He’s constantly bouncing around, playing and fiddling with stuff and is just one of those all or nothing people. He’s also had problems with drink and drugs (almost like self- medication) as he’s gotten older and after doing loads of research together we think we’ve found that ADHD might be the answer. We’re going to get a diagnosis from the docs soon. He is diagnosed with dyslexia which we thought his messiness could be be down to but it doesn’t quite match up to his personality fully.   The one thing that is getting to me is his general untidiness and messiness. I know he doesn’t mean to but it’s just the build up of clothes/dirty plates/ bits of rubbish that appear everywhere that gets on my nerves cos I don’t like picking up after a grown man. We’ve spoken about it before but he’s just completely unaware of it as I also I think he got brought up in an environment where he had lots of things picked up and cleaned for him. He hates feeling like I have to clean up after him so I don’t do it but it gets to a point where it’s too much. We live with other people so everyone has to pull their weight a bit and it’s not nice when other people leave mess around. (He moved in recently) I do ask him to do stuff but that’s not nice for either of us because I feel like a mum!  Is there anything anyone would recommend in terms of what people do to manage this? Any tips anyone has learnt along the way or certain techniques that have worked for partners?   I’d like to note that he’s a brilliant boyfriend and I find a lot of his ADHD traits really endearing and it really makes him beautifully unique. I understand things can be difficult for people with ADHD so I wanna go at this thing with a lot of care.
f0adea6066f4048ea50d6845912e7edf491e698f13eccc4ff7668538695c32d7;;;Is it his ADHD or is he just unkind?;;;Hi! So my hubby recently got advised by his therapist that he might have ADHD. Hes got all the markers and many of the issues we have faced in our marriage make a lot of sense now. The anger outbursts, inattentiveness, 'laziness', the mess! But recently, his anger and his inability to just...shut up sometimes is driving me to my tipping point.   His sarcasm, remarks and constant swearing and hurling abuse my way is driving me insane. Just today, I was heading out to run an errand for him. But instead of just...you know being chilled out, he shouted and screamed at me for wearing the wrong clothes, not listening to his instructions on things he told me to do in the past, and then eventually blaming me for all of his problems since the day he met me. How I ruined his life. I am just exhausted.   I struggle with anxiety myself, and often I just paralyse myself with overthinking and then never getting anything done which is, a topic of many arguments. For some reason when it concerns my shortcomings I can be criticised till kingdom come. But should the table turn, he will not have it. I'm seeing the same therapist, who gave me some tips on how to work with Hubby and manage my expectations as an ADHD spouse. But it's so hard, it drains and grates on me everyday. Hes so loving sometimes but then in a heartbeat he becomes so vicious and so incredibly unkind. You know the feeling when you feel so hurt and sad, you dont even make a sound when you cry, the tears just sorta roll out. And you feel defeated. This is my reality now.   Does anybody else feel this way? Has anybody gone through therapy, or started medication and seen improvements in their relationships?
b56a26089e8186b18deb234c9073e9fe881361b7683634381bba3a14e9083cb9;;;Hoping for a vent and some validation;;;Hi folks-  My partner is 37 and is just NOW admitting and realizing they have adhd.   Good things first: they have over the years come up with elaborate ways to stay organized when it comes to bills, appointments etc. I’d say only getting to work on time is very hard for them. They also have the blessing of being hyper focused on housework as a way of feeling in control of the chaos they constantly feel in their mind. So it’s usually them nagging at ME about some trivial task I didn’t do related to their hyper vigilance on cleanliness. They also are incredibly loving when they aren’t feeling overwhelmed.   Now the less than good: constant brain fog, to the point that I used to think they had a disability (they are unable to do simple math, read, or follow simple instructions when it hits) can’t handle shopping or choices at all, volatility of emotion and the super exhausting thing where if we have an argument, and even if they are in the “wrong”, I have to care and comfort THEM for like two days after.   Their lack of paying attention is the hardest part.  I am the constant finder of every lost thing of theirs, constant translator of social cues, and social functions fill me with dread because they have NO filter and trying to explain to them WHY what they said was awful gets turned into me “picking at them”. Same at home when they say mindlessly rude things to me- I am the one who has to apologize, for taking offense!  Family heirlooms broken, projects done badly, many many left jobs because they are miserable and I have to hear about it every damn day. Yet when they ask to hear about my life they act like I talk too much and get bored quickly, so I’ve just stopped trying, which leads to arguments about why I don’t share things.  So they just now are making dr appointments and reading books on ADHD. But I’m at this angry resentful breaking point because it has gone on undiagnosed for so long. And so I’m super snappy, no longer am able to just “let things go”, and it’s really hurting our otherwise truly beautiful relationship. They don’t have many friends because they have trouble communicating, and I feel like I’m their only support. And I don’t have anyone to talk to about how unsupported I feel with the particular quirks of an unmedicated (for now) ADHD partner.   I guess I need to know that it will improve with medical care. I can hang on if I know it might.
dbd0244721df23762dd968a2f8958e641d69b738c7def98c94c5e362a4a081f9;;;Are we breaking up?;;;So my (F/50) Dx unmediated ADHD Bf (M/40) has been mean &amp; critical the past few weeks.  I’d put this down to his normal ADHD cycle, but it’s gotten so that I have to bite back to stop him on his tracks.  Otherwise he gets off on a tangent that escalates things.    Usually after little snips like this, we give each other space then just come back to each other, be affectionate and recognize what just happened.  Usually we get over it. The past 2 weeks had been hard as little miscommunications have flared up, compounding the situation.  Just to be clear, he’s unmediated and copes with cigarettes, weed &amp; energy drinks.  We’ve tried to get into a therapist but with COVID, it’s been hard.    Tonight he got drunk and high, then decided to discuss the possibility of him renting another place right next to his work citing that this would help him have access to his workspace (it’s next door), he can roll out of bed &amp; he could work his way to a better position with the boss as he says “by renting the place” from him. He also said he was doing it to get 24/7 access to his workspace so he can work on cars with his tools nearby.   He’s a mechanic &amp; in the past has bought/sold cars, making money off it in another state.  He makes a decent wage &amp; he contributes rent as I own my own condo, it’s worked out so far tho he complains there’s not a lot of space.  As you can imagine it’s a one unit condo with downstairs parking, but not any room to be piling 5 cars in various stages of work.  I knew the single room house next door to his work was tempting for him, I used to live in that city &amp; have no desire to really go back, not to mention I can’t rent out my condo (the HOA has reached the limit for units renting out), I can’t Airbnb it (against the rules) &amp; I’m not planning to sell soon.  When we met he was working about 10 miles away but has since changed jobs twice.  He actually got this current job as I encouraged him to quit the last one.   I’m currently unemployed &amp; with COVID have not been rushing back to work, I support myself so it was clear from the start that our living together wasn’t a situation where he’s supporting me financially.  As I’m older, I’ve also had more time to save etc   I don’t expect him to do chores but since we have a small space, I’m fairly organized &amp; I bear the usual issues neurotypical partners do.  I pretty much do all the cooking/cleaning.  When he got drunk &amp; high tonight he admitted he did it to be able to broach the subject with me.  But after 2 weeks of being his punching bag, I’m not in the most receptive of moods.  I said maybe we should talk about it when you’re not drunk/high, but he insisted that if we don’t now he’s probably going to have a hard time broaching it.  So we did. He insisted at first that he wants us to move there together even if he had to pay rent at both places, I said I felt that he would grow resentful of that, it would drive a wedge between us &amp; it feels like he’s just slow walking me to a move. There are other reasons I hesitate, I’m fairly stable where I am &amp; it turns out he hadn’t even discussed the possibility of more responsibility, more money or promotions with the powers that be.  The current tenant is a co-worker of his, and that guy was never given access to the work building.   In short, I felt that the impetus for this is really for him to get space to work on cars.  When this first came up months ago, I asked him if he thought of moving there and he said no.  But now he’s saying he feels he has to do it, I’m confused that he’s gone back and forth.    Additionally he doesn’t save money at all, so with no funds saved, I would have to fully fund a move and deal with the aftermath of leaving my condo, I’m not even on the waiting list to be on a spot to rent out.  I would absolutely consider this if he was up for a promotion, or was being given more money at work (both of these are to his arguments about being close by helping him get in a better position with the boss), or if he had saved money so we could plan it out &amp; he can actually start buying/selling cars.  He has a bunch of things in his home state he never finished selling online that I’m baffled as to how suddenly this merits a move.  This all escalated to him puking and crying and saying he knows he doesn’t deserve me, that I’m better off without him, that he could never give me what I deserve and that he hates not being able to provide for me.  I’ve never ever chastised him for not providing (it wasn’t even a thing) but more I wanted him to be careful of his spending so we could actually eventually make plans.  Last but not least, last Feb 2020 I found out he cheated on me by going to hookers, after asking if he could delay his share of expenses.  It had been a bit rocky over Xmas 2019, we were 5 months into a relationship &amp; my brother died.  He asked to stay and I agreed under conditions we agreed to ie transparency, him getting medicated &amp; seeing a therapist etc then when the pandemic hit a month after, the time we had together brought us closer.  Even if it did make it harder to get a therapist, I’ve been really careful to choose one &amp; didn’t want to just get him in with a doctor I felt wasn’t a good fit.   In a way I felt that was when the relationship really started, prior to that I didn’t really understand the magnitude of ADHD, we both read Orlov books &amp; had hours upon hours of talking about it. I had to relearn things as did he, it was a painful price to pay to be honest but I felt like I was finally seeing him.    Now he seems agitated &amp; frustrated that he can’t make more money doing the same thing he used to, but giving me reasons like he wants to gain more stature in the company when he won’t even join them for a team lunch is absurd.  I asked him point blank if he was trying to break up with me because the way he pushed just made it feel like I’d have to bear the burden of all this change, he said he wasn’t but as he got into puking and crying, he was all I don’t deserve you, I’ll never live up to what you need, you’re better off without me etc.  I feel like when dudes say these things it’s not so much self pity and lamentation but more a justification for what they’re about to do ie break up with you, or do things to force you to break up with them.  But as he is ADHD &amp; in his youth had oppositional defiance disorder, I’m trying not to be rash.   I’m a little OCD (undiagnosed) myself &amp; I need order and cleanliness to function, he’s told me to keep telling him to pick up after himself &amp; I’ve had to train myself to be that blunt.  It’s hard for me as I’m sensitive having grown up with a verbally &amp; physically abusive mother, but I took him at his word &amp; try to just work with him.   I’m so befuddled with all the crying and drunkenness that I need some kind and lucid perspective.  I know “just break up” responses are often given, I’m not afraid of that but I don’t want to throw us away either.   TLDR: my ADHD unmediated bf M40 wants to rent another place for us to move to, then got drunk and high, then that escalated into what seems like a prelude to a break up.  Are we breaking up?
b6b06a264c16e36ac054f75a358d122b6952c8830f8ebd8d91da1fd05071b4cc;;;DX partner has been “shut down” all day?;;;Has anyone experienced something like this? My SO (diagnosed, medicated ADHD) usually doesn’t take her meds on the weekends and it’s usually fine. She gets extra hyper but it’s usually an upbeat, happy sort of manic that I am ok working with. But last night, after I fell asleep, she apparently stayed up till after 4am happily doing some chores (mostly laundry and tidying up) until finally crashing at around 4:30am. I slept through al of this. She didn’t wake up today until around 1pm, which is actually pretty normal for her (she works long and stressful hours during the week so I’m used to letting her get as much sleep as she can on the weekend). But this afternoon and evening she has been obviously depressed (undiagnosed, I’m just using this as an adjective): barely talking, not smiling, going out to run errands without me. That last one is weird because she hates driving and always asks me to take her and I’m happy for the time together. She knows I don’t mind driving her around. Idk she’s just being really quiet and detached and when I try to ask how I can help or even offer to do a specific thing she responds negatively and minimally. It’s sending my anxiety haywire and I’m doing everything I can to remind myself that she isn’t mad AT me.  Oof. Sorry for the rant it’s just been a weird day and y’all are a great community and I love you all. Thanks for reading.
f1662b0931108372257147fd4a40aaa11e1f67b5b25133997cc03abc7118105c;;;Seems like ADHD partner uses excuses.;;;I'm growing very tired. Phone is always first, everything/everyone else second. Can't talk to him about any of it without him getting defensive angry and shutting it down with excuses. If he actually cared about his kids wouldn't he take time to play with them? And I mean genuine. Not 5-10 mins once in a blue moon while impatient to get back to his phone within that short amount of time. And then uses those few mins to look back on to be able to say "but I did play with them".   Simple things that don't even cost money would be romantic for me. Pack a picnic. Pick a flower. Look into my eyes, hold my hand, give me some kind of worth. Light a candle and run a bath. Set aside some time to have a genuine conversation without your phone (but you know I can multitask is the only answer apparently) Past several anniversaries I've received nothing, not even his time. Because to him a real date would cost loads of money and seeing as we don't have much $$ I get absolutely nothing. When all I want is his attention. His love. I want genuine compassion. A loving father and husband that makes us feel worth his time.  But he's always too busy. In his phone. Arguing with people online or whatever else he can wrap his mind around. Anything but us. Reality. It's too boring for him. He's said that.  Like, it's way too big of a task for him and I can't say anything or I'm the bad guy. There's no trying. It's a bunch of selfish replies.  He says "he doesn't care" a lot. "What do you want from me?"  I NEED YOU TO CARE.
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;Help;;;How do you start a conversation when your extremely mad. So yesterday I couldn’t talk to my bf about why he’s upset me because it was his birthday and new it would lead to a argument.  So last night we messaged me and said he’s eating dinner and he would call me after but he didn’t obviously 🙄 so now I can see he’s all over Facebook posting shit and I’m here fucking furious I could scream at him right now.
ad84bd4088c75d7c6eca53b3fb2df2ba1e0a0abdd2425744ea446bdd777551ba;;;Is there a possible way I can bring more balance into my life? I hyperfocus on things so hard that everything and everyone else in my life gets neglected - children, pets, food, spouse, payments, chores;;;I have ADHD. Although undiagnosed i know it for a fact that it is 200% it. My entire life can be summed up by a timeline of series of things that I hyperfocussed on and excelled in. But it has come with a cost. Everything and everyone else gets neglected in the bargain - be it children, pets, food, payments, my own health, eating habits etc. I was wondering if there ever is a possibility that i could hope for a way i could have a work around or find a way to balance things just a little bit more. I am tired of hurting people because i got so lost that i forgot i had to put meals on the table. I am tired of disappointing my children especially. For example : they'd come back from school so hungry and hope there would be food in the house but all i did the entire day was scrub and clean and declutter an area of the house - hyperfocussing like a beast. Then when they'd be sad that i was neglecting them, I'd make up by ordering take away food - which is neither healthy, nutritious nor helping my budget.   I really hope some of you'll can help me with some hacks or work arounds you'll learnt along the way and share them with me. I'm desperate to bring some balance into my life so this mountain of guilt i can put it down, it just keeps growing. 😞
6bc257df988574c3ac21eb9a43e8dc8aaf1db028ab45bfa2c2673d38be9f8488;;;Not sure how I should feel;;;Hello! I’m currently in a relatively new relationship with someone with ADHD (Dx/med), and this is my first time dating someone with ADHD (and first time really getting to know someone with ADHD). I’m not sure how I am supposed to be feeling about some of the things that happen because logically I know it’s because of my partner’s ADHD, but it’s hard to not let it get to me. I’m not sure what to do.   My partner has a tendency to say they will do something (like call to talk or watch something) and never follow through. We have a time set (ex: after work) too. So when that time comes, I am usually left waiting because they don’t tell me that plans changed and they can’t call. We, unfortunately, can’t really see each other because of COVID and also we don’t live in the same area. (We go to the same college so we saw each other a lot then.) So calling or video calling is basically the only way I can ever see them.   We do text.. but this brings up another thing that makes me feel sad. Our texting conversations are choppy at best with big gaps between each of their responses. In a way, I guess I feel forgotten or ignored. My partner does tell me that they love and miss me, but with the actions not really lining up, it makes me feel worse sometimes. With calling essentially non existent and texting twice a day if I’m lucky, I just feel sad and disconnected from them, but I’m not sure if I should be.   I read some articles about a relationship between someone and someone without ADHD, and it explained why things like this happen. I also talked to about this three times with my partner. So far, nothing has really changed. I don’t want to keep bringing it up either... Should I just grow thicker skin and adjust? I’m not sure what to do or how to feel. I feel sad and defeated, but I don’t think it’s my partners fault. So feeling that way makes me upset at myself. I can’t tell if I’m being too clingy and expecting too much or if how I’m feeling is justified.   I’m not sure if this paints my partner in a bad light, but they are a wonderful person. I really want this relationship to work, and I think they do too... I’m just not sure how to navigate anything.
01b8814b7e7fad70a5cd2c1cfdd62de83945b2e52cd11844222728e2457c1552;;;Does your partner constantly want sex and get in a bad mood if he doesn't get it enough?;;;I've been with my ADHD husband for 10 years now.  I thought eventually his sex drive would level off.  I was wrong.     In my perfect world, we would have sex once a week.  I know that's probably horrifyingly low to some of you.  We have sex 2-3 times a week.     Is this an ADHD thing, or totally unrelated?
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Anger;;;I'm still a newlywed, 10 months in.   While we were dating I had no idea. It was the classic ADHD whirlwind and we eloped after 7 months of long distance dating.   The INSTANT we married, everything changed. The hyperfocus dropped and within the first DAY, the ADHD took over our lives.   (He couldn't even ask for his wedding day off of work, so he took a lunch break, got hitched, then of course made it home later because he got caught up in work).   He's improved in some ways, but my life is a tornado of confusion. He refuses to consider anything is wrong or amiss.   He is:  \-chronically late to every single event in his life, ever.   \-will not clean anything in the house,ever.   \-cannot stay on task. at all.   \-impulsive to a scary degree. impulse buying, spending entire paychecks, and then blowing the rent money, bill money, food money, etc. jumping from jobs impulsively, etc.  \-inattentive. He's sometimes better, sometimes terrible. If I didnt grab his arm, look him in the eye and spell out what I need, he would happily live in his own world with his own needs not even being met.   We both work full time, and I come home to the very giant load of things to take care of, while he comes home and cant even imagine what I could possibly have on my plate.   There's no confronting him. Any sort of tone that's less than gleeful is seen as rage and an attack. There's no talking calmly about what's not working.   I'm in therapy, we saw 2 couples counselors and BOTH were so charmed by him, I was the bad guy.  I am angry. I wake up angry. I go to sleep angry. I run, I have friends, I take supplements, I am spiritual, I have a dog, but I am seething with anger most of the time.   I cannot move past it, but I need to, because anger is ruining my life.
dfe784413d0f3515711e580ba60b07b19be277d601d6ee278e0d320643be214a;;;Let me know if I’m crazy.;;;My husband has ADHD. We recently moved in together and I have noticed him being a lot more quiet. He was always quiet before we moved in/got married and I think bc I now spend every day with him I notice it a lot more. When he gets this quiet I get nervous that I did something wrong, I also struggle with anxiety, so I instantly jump to the conclusion that he wants to break up and that he doesn’t love me anymore. He tells me he loves me and I know he does but sometimes my mind will go all over the place and I will ignore all the good he’s telling me and focus on every little bad thing he says.  Yesterday was really good for him he was happy, we went shopping and he was being interactive, but today when he woke up he went straight to the computer. He didn’t want to go outside, didn’t want to go to the store, didn’t want to eat let alone look at me. It breaks my heart to see him like this but I try and tell myself that this is not because I did something wrong and I know I need to give him space when he gets to this place.  I sometimes feel like I’m going crazy thinking about all of this constantly, but I love him and want to spend the rest of my life with him and I’d rather gain more information on how to help him instead of push him away bc I don’t have any knowledge of what he is going through.
1b35696bd8533a1dea3183af237f1b3af40380b91a50630bc62fbedb6bde87de;;;We bought a fixer-upper, and it's been a disaster;;;Long-time lurker, first-time poster. Apologies if I make any formatting or posting mistakes!  My husband (36M, DX, medicated) and I have no shortage of issues (which I'm learning is pretty typical), but currently one shows up over and over again. A few years ago, we bought a pretty old house that needed lots of work. My husband used to work in construction and insisted that he would do a lot of the renovations himself. As I'm sure most of you can already tell, that didn't end up happening.   There are half-finished projects EVERYWHERE. Like, our kitchen faucet broke three years ago, there are giant holes in the doors leading to the outside, the basement floods every time it rains. The list goes on and on.  I spent literal years reminding, cajoling, and begging for him to work on these projects. I made lists, organized supplies, put together calendars, and did all of the "helpful" things he asked me to. Even just a little progress would have meant so much. He found all of the time and attention in the world for his hobbies, but our home never made the cut. He got so insulted every time I suggested we just hire someone, saying that was a stupid waste of time and money and that he would get to it "when he had time" or was "less overwhelmed".   When COVID-19 meant we started sheltering in place, it became too much. There are tools and live wires all over the place; it just wasn't safe. I got so sick of living in a construction zone that I started to do a lot of the projects myself. To be clear, I have absolutely zero background in this kind of stuff. But I read and researched a lot, I watched a lot of YouTube tutorials, and I was able to figure out what to do on some of the smaller projects. After all of these years, it feels AMAZING to finally start checking things off the list!   But my husband is a wreck over it. Every time I finish something myself, he launches into the same diatribe about how me doing this makes him feel like a fuckup. I obviously hate that he feels that way, but I'm starting to really lose patience for this cycle. Not only do I work a full-time job, do almost all of the normal household tasks, plus the renovations all by myself, but I'm feeling pressure to apologize for making him feel bad!   I don't know what to do. My expectations for his participation are pretty much nonexistent at this point, but I'm not going to wait for him forever. I guess I could just swallow my pride and "apologize", but that feels ridiculous. I understand that his ADHD makes tasks like this challenging, but soothing his hurt ego feels patronizing.  Does anyone have any experience with stuff like this? Is there a pathway forward that I'm just not seeing? To be clear, these projects are getting done whether he helps me or not - I just don't know how to get him to emotionally self-regulate a little bit! Thank you so much.
7d68709600208579c640d41e1498d4d7f9561bb0d94e3d5e045788a6fa236123;;;Partner switching from Adderall XD to Vyvanse, what has been your experience with Vyvanse?;;;My partner has been on Adderall extended release for about a year and it's caused major sleep disruptions, lack of hunger, weight loss, and frankly we're not too sure it's working for his ADHD at all in the first place. His doctor recommended Vyvanse over a year ago and we seem to remember him trying it once but not sticking with it for some reason, then moving to Adderall. Now that his doctor has his needs better dialed in, he has him trying Vyvanse again. We're hearing it could take a month for it to be fully effective, though my partner has read of people realizing a change very quickly too.  What was your experience with Vyvanse? It comes highly recommended and positive but I'd love to hear more personal takes on it.
5ce2a8d4c13fae00a229de0956074014aaaa1fd784036732dc5d4c8a3f586dc9;;;Need a different perspective;;;We’re both 23.   We’ve been together for 4 years, give or take a few months of separation.  First of all, I love my boyfriend. He makes me laugh, gives excellent advice, and we can talk all day about just about anything. Neither of us have run out of things to talk about. We can make jokes about anything.   But, for years, it seems that I’ve been struggling with his lack of emotional support when it comes to our relationship, and honestly, I don’t think I can take it anymore. I don’t want to end the relationship, but the initial “rewards” I mentioned just aren’t enough anymore.   It just feels like I’ve exercised an immense amount of patience for his issues, gave him the benefit of the doubt so many times, all to receive the cold shoulder, irritability, and complete lack of empathy when I confront him on how he makes me feel. I’m expected to work around his issues, which is expected with someone with ADHD, but when I ask for understanding and at least some patience for my own separate issues (and issues with him), he’s just so annoyed.  It’s like, on my end, I’m his biggest fan, but to him, I’m just someone he’s dating. I understand he may show his love differently, but at what point will I receive the same accommodations to how I feel?   Here’s an example:  Growing up, I had 3 other siblings and we shared one bathroom. I HATED when they accidentally used my towel or washcloth. It sounds trivial, but it’s just one of my “irrational things”.   Now of course, he has ADHD, so I pretty much let it go. For YEARS, I let this go. But he moved back in with me during quarantine, so my own space was gone again.   Most of the time, I let it go. But this time, I said “you did it again.”   His response is, “just accept that I’m gonna use your things.” Mind you, we share EVERYTHING else, so for me to only have this one quirk(?) I feel isn’t asking too much. And although it sounds petty, I realized that’s how he’s been treating me the entire relationship.  “Just accept this and deal with it.”  Idk I’m just venting and I don’t have anyone to talk to about it.   Of course he’s made accommodations and has gotten better and has apologized, but it took years so I’m left to deal with the psychological effects with vacillating empathy. Apologizing isn’t enough when some of those same habits are still there. And he says, “ I think the world of you, etc” but being emotionally selfish is the worst way to show it.  *sigh* I guess I’m asking if there’s still hope, or is there a different perspective?
b1d6ae1f1adb595498aadd9c02a3b653c7fed92b9de6d986ab4fe99838d6d5bb;;;(RANT/VENTING) New To Sub -- How To Express Yourself To Your Partner?;;;Hey guys.. I did not know this sub existed until about 10 minutes ago. Reading your replies to all the posts is really hitting home to me and I'm being super emotional right now so I need to rant. He just found out he has ADHD.. not on meds yet -- going to get that sorted next week. He was on meds as a kid. Nevertheless, diagnosed or not -- I've been dealing with this since I first met him and as much as I try to understand (although I will never be in his shoes) and change my behaviour to support him.. I'm only human and sometimes snap. I sent him an email just explaining something that upset me and I asked how can I help you better to ensure this gets done. He messages me back highly irritable. He says he is already mad at himself and doesn't need to hear it from me too. Obviously I get drawn into this back and forth exchange because his reaction really upset me.     I don't know how to help him see my side of it. As much as it is not his fault and is not his intention and he is trying so hard.. I'm super overwhelmed. I feel like I'm put in a lose/lose situation where if I remind him, express myself.. anything.. it seems like I am treating him like a child, controlling him or patronizing him.      All of this is already difficult on us both but his irritability and his reaction afterwards is what just gets me so mad. I know it isn't his fault and he doesn't necessarily need to apologize but I am not a brick wall either meant to just take shit. I love you so much to want to help you and help us yet you want to just spaz at me. I literally approached the situation so kindly. I feel like if I were to stay quiet then I'd just be suffering on my own silently and honestly I do feel alone cause a lot of this stuff drives me crazy.     Just needed to type this out &gt;\_\_\_&lt;  blah.
3f16c441fd5e3539b7167792521a8f92637c0175209f2221759896757b7860aa;;;ADHD partner not getting help/doesnt seems to improve;;;Hello!  I have been with my spouse for near 5 years. I could go on for hours about how his inaction has hurt me deeply, but it would not be productive.  So, the TLDR is that he looks like he deeply wants to be better, like, really, but he doesn't do anything to improve.  I am myself someone that have a fast range of mental illness, adhd included, even if more the symptoms seen in women. Since the start of our relationship, I have fought SO hard to improve, be better, understand myself and move forward. I have achieve to get out of the permanent massive depression that I had since 12yo, getting medication, therapy, researching, reading,listening... As you would have guessed I am a pretty independant person who doesnt want problems to stay there, without solutions.  He has been diagnosed and been medicated since he is 14 yo. When I met him, he was on a trip, he had friends, was going to bars, wanted to return to college ect. Since we've been together, he just became more and more inactive. He doesn't have friends anymore. He doesn't go out. He doesn't do any hobbies. Of course he does 0 things in our relationship and 0 help with the house/finance/planning even when I am on my last straw and cannot do it myself. I have begged him to go to therapy. It's been like 4 month that he said he called one and has beeb waiting on their list and now waiting for a call bavk bla bla bla. His whole life at the moment is waking up, going on a video game, and if he is working (from home rn because covid) he put his laptop on his lap and play and work at the same time. That's all. That's litterally all.  Everytime I have asked him to go out he doesn't feel like it so I stopped asking. He goes days without showering or changing shirt since remote work started.  I'm not saying I'm perfect, far from it. I have nagged and still do sometines. I have said very toxic things, some that I regret, some I don't. I have just been so broken, frustrated and resentful that at the point idk if I can stay after I can leave financially. I have tried to communicate, never hid anything from him, tried to explain, find solutions, planning, organization helps ect ect to no end.  I can take a lot, but the fact that he isn't actively searching a solution is just soul breaking.  ACTUAL QUESTION: So, at that point I'm not even asking for the relationship, but for him. What can I do? Please, if someone that has lived that as a partner or was like this, please tell me what can I do to get him to get better. Seeing the person you love hating themselves and wanting so bad to be better but not doing anything for it and just becoming worse and worse each day is just breaking me. I have no idea how he's going to do when I'm gone.  Thanks ❤️
dbb3eee84d92664e59d36e79c159b313f0ad67c6872858eea9e01d6d4ba929c3;;;Nearing Another Growing Stage in Our Relationship;;;DX: Diagnosed as child, untreated 🤬 by parents with therapy or meds, diagnosed again (after 18 months of hell on both our parts) as an adult, gone through non-ADHD talk therapy and meds, still on prescribed meds, not in therapy.   My ADHD husband and I have been together for ~10 years, married for 3. We’re both in our early 20s, and we have a 7 month old daughter. I am looking for support/advice on how non-ADHD partners who were able to step out of their parentilized roles did so, and whether/how to avoid seeing DH as ‘infantilized’, since I’m the one who basically has to set his ‘chores’ or ‘workload’ around the house, which is incredibly stressful for me at this time for various reasons.   (I’m a recent law grad, studying for the UBE in my jurisdiction, and we had our first child in November.)   I love him to death, but I see our intimacy and passion waning as the foundation of respect and trust we’ve built seems to be eroded, slowly, with each task I have to set for him that he apparently didn’t/couldn’t/can’t see, due to his ADHD? I feel like such a horrible person, blaming someone for the way their mind works, but I’m also not sure how to continue seeing him as an equal partner in our relationship, when, essentially, he isn’t. Please help! Support would be lovely, and advice (even constructive criticism) is welcome.
51e79945144f1d43ec86fd1906a86a7c7a4cce3caea6d4b6db075b260fac76e0;;;Are there solutions or do you just have to accept the behaviors? (Long, Im sorry but I’m desperate);;;My gf and I have been together two years. Easily the two best years of my life. She is smart, funny, kind, and caring. She has been wonderful to my two young sons and they (and their birth mom and my family) adore her.   I think I am a very patient man, so her wandering off to a brook without telling anyone to check for arrowheads in the middle of my sons baseball game, or interrupting me talking about things, or getting hyperfocused on things and texting me for hours about them, and thousands of other things have never bothered me to the point of any frustration. To be honest I never realized it was the adhd until I found this sub (she is dx and medicated for adhd and ocd) and just thought she was quirky and well, I love her so I love her quirks too. The end.   Except not the end. I’ve been hurt many times by some of these behaviors, and in reading this sub I’ve realized shes sort of an “out of sight out of mind” partner. Its not a complete fit because for example when we started dating she was horrible with texting back, but after I said it was rough she started keeping her phone with her and she both texts and texts back frequently if she is at work, or at her parents.   The problem lies with when she is away from me and has a “real” distraction. The first time this happened she was on vacation with her family for xmas. Xmas is a very very hard time for me due to the death of a brother. Ive had ages of therapy for it etc but without fail xmas eve and the day before are days I will spend in bed with tears. I expressed this to her many times. She even saw it firsthand our first year. But when she was on vacation, she dropped contact during those times. I needed her, and she was wandering around day drunk, making videos of herself looking for shells. When I was upset, she simply told me that she was on vacation and couldnt be texting me all the time (but really she didnt text at all nor even remember how screwed up I was going to be). I said this was unacceptable, I need a partner who pays attention and thinks of me even if theyve got shit to do. I wasnt asking her to be glued to her phone. Just a little consideration. Anyway she said she would be on top of it.   Well, since then the same sort of issues have popped up a number of times over the past year. Anytime she has a non-work or family thing to do (friends etc). The pattern is this: 1. I make a request prior to the coming distraction because im always watching for them 2. She fails to come through 3. Im hurt 4. She hyperfocuses on me and the relationship for a week, maybe two 5. She stops hyperfocusing (usually because i tell her to stop because i dont want love to be a penance). We go back to square one and I bury my hurt by telling myself she does care and nobody has cared this much so this is as good as it gets and I should be grateful  The last straw was this weekend. She attended her cousins 21st bday boozefest in the city, 1.5hrs away. She said she was only going to have a couple drinks and then go home to her parents, maybe a half hr drive from where she would be, and then be home early in the am for my sons bday party. I encouraged her to go and made one request. Please check in once you are in for the night so I know you are safe. I asked the day before, and again when she was walking out the door.   I got rambling drunk texts at 9pm and at midnight she sent a misspelled awkward one essentially saying “i love you! Ive shut so many motherfuckers down tonight”. The kind where its obvious shes wasted and to me that means shes being hit on relentlessly etc. At this point I have no idea who she is with, where she is, and I certainly know she cant drive home. Im worried.   I never got the check in text. I stayed up til 430am worrying. I had to take drugs to sleep. Shes a tiny thing, and Ive lived the club life and I know how it goes. I was beyond stressed. I texted multiple times for updates and got nothing. Around 2am I called, and someone sent me to voicemail after 2 rings. I kept calling and they did it again and then finally let it ring through to vm.   The next morning I get texts at 9am saying oh i slept at my sisters, I told you I was going to (she didn’t, it was a plan change) and of course I was safe my sister was with me. Totally dismissed my feelings until it became clear I was unhappy enough to break up.   I’m at my wits end. The hurt and disrespect I feel from these thoughtless acts is building up and eating at the core of my dedication to her. I dont want to leave her over something she cannot control, but this is a “must have” need for me. I need a partner that cares equally and it doesn’t feel like she cares if I’m not there. She says she will try harder but I hear that after every incident. I dont know what to do.   Does it get better, or is this it? Do I just have to believe that its not personal somehow and learn to let it go? I do want to salvage this but I feel scared and very alone and I do not think I have much blind faith left. 2 years of the same feels like change is an impossibility and I do not want to shame her for what she cannot control. I am not perfect either. I just feel like this type of consideration is a core value for the relationship I want and I dont know that I can live without it.    Any thoughts or help is greatly appreciated. Im desperate.
6ccd05891b8c9dd116c3da52c9a662b186f840c0c22a3efe7574849b42cc8620;;;What else should I try?;;;Hi all i'm a partner (7years) of someone with DX ADHD he is also on medication and in therapy.  What lately is happening, and with lately i mean past year or two.   My hope is that some here might have advice for me.  What happens is this.  Things go well. He respects that i need now and then breathing room and he barely complaints. Then it starts with constantly asking confirmation if everything is fine. I try to console him all is fine. Also when he panicks i try and calm him with logic. That works untill, and i do not know what the trigger is, he starts to be mean. Acts impulsive, and is all over the place with his emotions.  For example. We have a young child together and also a puppy. He says he is tired and complaints about the dog after every walk. I tell him, shall i walk the dog? Then it is a big no and he can handle it.. okey. I sport twice a week. On social media he posts a cute pic of him and child, how happy he is and grateful. I come home and all is bad and stressed and panick ensues. I am not longer gone then 2 hours.  And then it is waiting for something happening like throwing something hard towards the puppy. Next day i want to talk to him about it and he acts if he is the victim and he doea what hebdoes to help me.... i just don't know how to get out of this downward spiral. It is sucking me empty of energy.
99be1911108b90c80e4359d14e457d43e08499fff042ab3f78923dece1ec063d;;;Struggling with see-saw of depression and lashing out by partner;;;Hi everyone,  I've learnt a ton from this group, including the recommendation for a great book on ADHD relationships and partners. My partner is loving and kind, and despite ADHD is very highly successful and great in a social setting. However, with romantic relationships there is great struggle where my partner can see saw in emotions from happiness to sadness. It's clear that there's an overlap from depression, but it leads to them lashing out and questioning the relationship itself, and how we are both not good for each other. While it's true that long distance and past baggage doesn't help much right now, what I'm struggling with is sticking to the goal of truly trying to let the past be in the past, and to not question our viability as a couple every other day.  Are there recommendations for good relationship practices for two highly motivated "type A" people who can self learn, but seem to be unable to avoid the past baggage from coming into discussions all the time? We are also open to exploring couples therapy at some point as we recognize our value together, the joy we can have. It's just been nearly two months straight of painful discussions and fights, and sometimes feeling nothing is worth it.   Thanks in advance for any help and guidance. Wishing you all love and warmth in your relationships and trials with life. Best, Vish.
37dce18b068977d6049b40df227fdb698c2d853d669bdc35b69e65d932088ec7;;;Need advice for serious safety issues;;;My boyfriend has adhd. We live together. He is in his mid twenties and not medicated as he reacted poorly to attempts at it.  He is impulsive to an incredibly dangerous degree. We were sitting, cleaning up dinner. I had lit some candles. We have a spray bottle of alcohol for sanitizing things (covid), and I turn around to him *spraying it over the candles to make a fireball*. Thank God it didn't light anything on fire in our dining room.  Tonight he called me while driving home. We were talking and he suddenly said "shit, I got distracted and just blew through a red light. Of course there was a cop", so now we have to pay for a sudden ticket we can't afford.  Driving with him is terrifying because he constantly gets distracted. He'll change lanes or turn off the highway almost at random because of distractions. He'll start speeding up if he's talking about something passionate or listening to a tense podcast and not even notice.  I'm terrified for him, and increasingly for myself. He goes to therapy every two weeks but after months there's no improvement. Is there any direction I can point him in to getting meaningful help?
997030a14e9f7bff433a31193c752c47a018051f4e04cd6d414c9a292236aa35;;;For ADHD SO, How do you know that you’re their no 1 priority? Especially when he/she is always distracted by other things and don’t often show their appreciation for you?;;;I (31F) have been dating a guy (37M, DX ) for a few months now and so far I’ve experienced most things mentioned here ( hyperfocus etc) and this thread has helped me a lot to understand his struggle.  Recently I have been struggling with our communications and I’m feeling that I am not being prioritised and as a result, I am insecure about us. I know he has been distracted from work and he has not open up about his work stress etc. He’s always looked distracted when we go out on our dates ( we don’t live together) and our daily conversations are becoming shorter. It’s such a weird feeling because I know he cares a lot about me but he doesn’t show it often ( but when he does, it’s really sweet!)  It’s tiring trying to get his attention and I’m feeling a bit petty trying to make him to prioritise me. I’m always at a confused state recently and I am not sure where I stand in this “relationship” anymore. I’m trying to talk about it with him but I’m not sure where to begin because I’m conscious about his feelings and reaction.   Question to all here; what do you do to help yourself feel better when your SO is clearly not prioritising you? And how do you know that you’re still their no 1 priority ( and even if you’re not, how do you handle it? )
e351e7e4d8785c296a44ea6942b8c685b1a0f568b6e4ac49babf2b21ab7a8321;;;2 Steps Forward, 1 Step Back;;;Last night, my husband and I had a great conversation about what we could work on to make our relationship better. He said I could be more positive (I’ve been being kind of negative lately with not liking my job and not really having any idea what I want to do with my life), and I gave him a few things I thought he could work on. We both took the constructive criticism in stride and agreed with each other’s assessments of the other person.  Well..... tonight, we had dinner, ate cheesecake (working on making this a tradition), watched How I Met Your Mother, and played monopoly (a tradition on New Year’s Eve in our house, mostly because I don’t play monopoly with him any other time since it makes me so angry). This monopoly game was actually finished without me screaming about how badly he was beating me.  After we finished monopoly, I wanted to turn on Dick Clark’s New Years Rockin’ Eve (a tradition when I still lived at home with my parents that I miss greatly). However, he wasn’t ready to, so we watched 2 more episodes on HIMYM and then went over to ABC for the Rockin’ Eve. My husband spent the entire time on his phone, not paying any attention to the show.   Then, the one performance I had been waiting for started. And my husband decided to sing along, which is fine, but he isn’t the most quiet singer. So, I couldn’t hear the performance. I told him I couldn’t hear, to either please stop or turn it up. I said that about 3 or 4 times before he finally turned it up, but his singing got LOUDER. I still couldn’t hear. So, I asked again if he could turn it up or sing more softly because I still couldn’t hear. He didn’t acknowledge me or anything, so I said it in a more frustrated tone, and he got mad at me and left the room.  He said that I was doing something that he thought I’d never do and going against something that he fell in love with me for (being okay with him singing/talking during shows and movies) by asking him to stop singing (I wasn’t asking him to stop, just to sing more softly). I told him that I understood why he was upset and asked if he understood why I was. He said he would never understand 😪.   Midnight came around and he gave me a kiss and went to bed, so I’m just sitting in the living room in tears. This is not how I wanted to bring in the new year....
2e95dde0c8e4994aedad4ed08877bdceb29b9577ef041a5983880e65e5380d6d;;;Pregnant on moving day and already beyond frustrated...;;;I’m pregnant and moving out of my NDX soon to be ex-boyfriends place to a place of my own for me and the baby because I cannot rely on him and I don’t want the baby around his temper tantrums and rages or dismissive attitude. So, that’s already pretty stressful.   But today is moving day and after pulling teeth to get the help I needed packing now he’s got an attitude and I’m just wondering if I’m in the wrong here or not because I’m about to lose my temper..  The movers were supposed to be here between 8-10am. Partner was supposed to put a door back up on a back room last night so we could put the cats away while They were here. He didn’t. So I woke him up around 7a so we could get it done. He needed to get breakfast first. Which is fine there’s a 2 hour window but I was still nervous. But we make it back around 8:10.. they’re not here he puts in the door we finish setting up. I come out to the garage and he’s doing his hobbies. I realize we don’t have cash to tip them, he says he’ll go when he’s done “this” around 930 he goes and gets cash...   He gets back they’re still not here they call that they’ll be late. (Very frustrating) It’s 10:10 and he comes to me and says “I’m gunna go take a shower” I’m baffled by this. I tell him that and that I’d prefer if he didn’t and he immediately gets pissed says I’m ridiculous. Says “why. Can’t you just deal with them?” And then storms off and sits across the garage from me on his phone. I say “Really?” And he shouts in a snotty tone “WHATEVER ‘SOMUCHSaturn”  Am I crazy or is it crazy to want to shower 10 mins before movers get here?
1723b9187221c44a79ee38d3aebdbc1a9ad76fa050fff1c08f4aacdc68a205a9;;;ADHD/Anxiety/Depression pushing my fiancé away;;;Just need to vent and hope that someone can relate...  I was diagnosed with ADHD a few months ago and I feel so relieved. I’ve struggled with anxiety and soon after depression since high school. Anxiety and depression I think are often caused by my constant feelings of not being good enough due to forgetting so much and having such little motivation from my ADHD. I truly do forget everything and I am constantly feeling that I am stupid or lazy, when I know I am not..  My fiancé and I have been together for 8 years and now that we have a house together, my ADHD symptoms have become a huge issue. He knows I struggle, but when I make mistakes, lose motivation, or forget something...it obviously makes him extremely upset. If he asks why I didn’t do something, “I forgot and will do better” is not an acceptable answer. He explained how “I forgot” wouldn’t be acceptable anywhere else, so why should it be acceptable at home? I see the point and I understand the frustration, but I have no idea what to say besides that I forgot and will do better in the future. I will TRY to do better in the future. I am taking Lexapro and Vyvanse currently and seeing a therapist and truly trying my best. I watch as simple comments about a task I did not complete suddenly spiral into my partner screaming, cussing, and throwing things. A large part of me feels as though this is my consequence as I made the mistake and deserve to be held accountable. I understand that despite my best efforts, I am the one in the wrong and causing him to be upset. But part of me feels like I am beginning to tip toe around my own house in constant fear that I may be forgetting something and don’t deserve to be made to feel worthless when my intentions are so so pure.   I feel like I’m in such a toxic cycle right now. In my head I am trying to do everything right and not forget a single thing and keep the house spotless. When I’m told I messed up and I can hear the anger and disappointment in his voice it instead sends me into ruminating about how completely horrible I am. I become so anxious when a conversation becomes elevated that I can’t remember what myself or my partner has said. I feel horrifically guilty for not being better. Then I am feeling so worthless that it’s impossible to get motivated and be better. The more this cycle repeats the more I find myself not wanting to eat, therefore not remembering to cook, therefore not making dinner and causing yet another issue. My fiancé feels that I am not being held accountable for my actions. What does it mean to be held accountable for your actions? Am I supposed to be scolded for showing symptoms of ADHD?   I feel horrific that I am causing my fiancé an ounce of stress. It nauseates me that my ADHD symptoms can come off as selfish, lazy, and avoiding responsibilities. I hate this about myself. I can’t stress enough how deeply my intentions are to be the best version of myself and make my fiancé happy. The best intentions and trying your hardest aren’t enough are they..?
b4f2a1355fbfa6a76cfc99729859531ee01819420d8f123ab4cab94d641a6ac4;;;The cycle is so predictable, does anyone else have this?;;;I (30f) will ask him to clean up after himself, to help out with chores and cooking, which only happens when I ask. Eventually I have a sit down conversation where I explain the toll it’s taking. Ask him to make a schedule. He feels bad and helps out more, acting as if he’s always been this way and being hyper focused on cleanliness. Within a week or so, he will be back to only helping if I’m already in the middle cleaning something, which I hate because it gives the illusion of help without actually being helpful. A week after that I swear he stays in the bedroom until I’m done cleaning  My own behaviour is predictable too. I feel frustrated and resentful. Going through phases of polite reminders, to nagging, to just doing it myself. Thinking “I can’t do this forever”.  After talking and seeing improvements I think “oh, maybe I can, maybe I can have a happy relationship with this man. Maybe my sex drive will come back” to once again being disappointed.   Does anyone else have a similar cycle?  By the way, undiagnosed partner, I have asked him to get diagnosed and in therapy. Nothing so far and not sure how much longer I can handle the lack of initiative.
484cf1a47efedc44da7c102ff09d445032eaaf0668cd5f84602271133ae1cade;;;Wife 33dx and medicated persists in snapping and ignoring me;;;Hello all!   My wife and I just had a fight, again, about the same thing, so I'm reaching out here for advice.   I know she loves me. I know. I'm becoming disabled and we're planning on moving to a cheaper part of the country this summer even though she's lived here her whole life, because she loves me and doesn't want me to have to work full time while my immune system eats my joints.   But she just...hyperfocuses on everything BUT me. And when I try to get her attention she snaps at me. We fought about that for YEARS because it hurts my feelings that she's mean when I just want to spend time with her, and finally I gave up and accepted the idea it's because I'm distracting her from whatever her brain is engaged in.   Now she has that automatic snap when I distract her, AND she keeps being mean about it for a minute or two. I feel like I let her snap at me and now she's taking it further and I keep telling her it hurts me when she talks to me like I'm a bother, and she keeps saying she's sorry and she'll try and then nothing changes.   Additionally it is impossible to get her to actually pay attention to me at all. We have specific nights we're supposed to hang out, but if I give an inch on letting her have more time, suddenly we don't hang out at all. (For example, last week she got a new video game and she was really excited about it, so I cancelled hanging out the two weeknights we're supposed to so she can play it, and then we didn't interact like at all last weekend or this entire week. I tried to force the issue Wednesday and watch a movie with her, but she was "tired" and went to bed instead).   We've been together for 7 years and I feel like she's just bored with me. She says she isn't, but when I try to talk to her she stares at her phone, when we watch TV together she stares at her phone, and when I insist on a phone free night she goes to bed 3 hours earlier than normal. I bring it up and she says that she sees how it's hurtful and she'll try to do better, but she doesn't change anything. I send her research and buy her ADHD books, and she doesn't look at them. I try to get her to play games with me because she loves board games but she doesn't like to play games with only two people apparently. Puzzles are "boring". She hates going for drives. I ask what she wants to do and she's like "oh I dunno" and then stares at Twitter.   I feel like a burden on her because of my autoimmune diagnosis, and I feel like she's bored with me and just wants to do her own thing but I'm lonely and I miss my wife and I don't know how to fix this. We're saving right now for the move, but she agreed to look into therapy after the move, but that's still 6 months from now. This has been going on for years but it's gotten worse since my illness was diagnosed in September, and I feel rejected and she denies it, but keeps doing the same things that seem like she's rejecting me. I don't know if I need an additude adjustment or if she needs a swift kick in the pants here.
ea1f2a021cfd85cf7c87d609c771a5aadd941f32b95799b82e21dcd58da3f839;;;The feeling of walking on egg shells in both directions;;;My partner was recently diagnosed with Adult ADD.   I want to informally ask if other people with partners of mates have had any experiences like the below.  I have read some of the literature and most of it matches other than that I don't really nag my partner - we have always known there was something different about her and or at least I try to keep the reminders to a minimum and really only push if something is going to go off the rails unless she does them.  &amp;#x200B;  I certainly feel on eggshells around her alot which is from some of the support literature pretty common.  Over the years I have really insisted sometimes on a structure for some conversations because she wants to get conversations done and communicate them. But I am not a machine and can only go so long being the one paying attention while she talks and listening and helping her keep focus on the point she wants to make.  I have had to at times demand a conversation have certain structure or systems or else I would not be able to speak at least in a way that would be heard at all.  This must all be rather confining to her and frustraring.  &amp;#x200B;  So here are my questions.  Does your partner with ADHD or ADD ever say they too feel like they are on eggshells around you?  Do they ever accuse you of stubbornness for or being unreasonable for sometimes not seeing things their way - in a case where most other people through logic and reason would have more easily been able to reach common ground?  &amp;#x200B;  Do they have trouble letting go of your mistakes even if you just let go of their mistakes as par for the course?  &amp;#x200B;  Because you have  played the parent do they sometimes feel to an exaggerated degree the need to announce to the world how "indepedent" they are from you almost to the degree that to the outside world people ask if everything is okay?  Do they have trouble seeing when they are doing exactly something that a friend or colleague has done to them and left them very frustrated, but now they are doing the same thing?  &amp;#x200B;  When you try to have slow patient conversations with them to really communicate does it seem to them like its a 'philosophy discourse' and from their perspective evades the question at hand?  &amp;#x200B;  Do they understand your actions better than your words?  Are they obsessed with body language to the point where you find yourself wondering if you are sitting the right way so that they aren't reading something into your posture or facial expression?  I want to tell my partner she was great value to me and the thought of us still being together as a couple and a family makes the future after my parents will have died and in this uncertain political times seem brighter/ less dark  to me, but, I fear expressing anything like that will sound to her like we 'must' be together - and I wonder if the parenting and caregiving I have done makes it hard for her to seperate knowing what aspect is wanting to be with me - from perhaps feeling like she 'needs' to be with me for safety and no one wants to feel like they are trapped in a situation on need. So I repress expressing such things.  And the phone.  She will call me on the phone and just start talking about something where as most people would be aware of a kind of natrual barrier.  If most people  ascertain you are at work or at the grocery store they might postpone the conversation.  And by text if I say something she does not like she almost has to call right away to respond to it even if it's not urgent,\\  And do they have trouble letting things go - like because you parented you have to be perfect? I had a financial issue I tried to handle on my own - I did not tell her- yes it was wrong.  I feared her reaction. I feared her not listening to me as to how it arose.  I feared the stress from it would shatter what progress she had made on her own self betterment and career path that I had so much to do with getting her on her feet to get herself there.  It was wrong - but now it seems everything in the relationship goes back to that.   I'm sorry about this length.  I think I kind of vomited up a lot of thoughts I have been containing for a very long time.
a79ff113263b141ff770845558efa82094645f6cd1cd73f0a7e2679d8ddad356;;;He keeps shutting me up whenever i have a question.;;;Every time i try to talk to him about any concerns. He turns it into argument and into me being naggy or annoying.   I am currently staying at his parents house for a visit. I have noticed that his mom keeps asking him to wake ip earlier and be more motivated and to do something useful. He alwaysa says ok i will without actually doing any single thing.   So I talked to him about it, I asked “ don’t you feel bad when you keep telling your “ I understand “ or “i will” without actually meaning it?   He started defending himself by saying i want everyone to get off my back and stop nagging. I tried to go back to the question i asked because I obviously fucking missed the point of my question. He kept saying i am not doing anything wrong it’s my life and ill do what i want. So i got mad and raised my voice a little bit out of frustration. He. Went. Crazy. He said stop raising voice “ while screaming his ass out” mind you i didnt scream i just raised my voice out of frustration. Ofcourse the conversation ended right there.   He tried to open it up again by saying i dont like your tone and i dont like when you keep asking me to do things.   How the fuck did i ask him to do anything. How can someone be so stupid and so slow with understanding a very clear question. How can someone manipulate the other to this extent. How can a person manipulate someone so concerned about his well being and about hurting his own mom?  I am so tired.
59219057cdaa3610bc44d7c4590913fbc0aff6776715b43da6f176cdb5ff3ea4;;;I am struggling to overcome feelings of resentment;;;My older sister has ADHD and whilst it has been really difficult for her over the years, it has also had a devestating impact on me and my self esteem. This is something we don't talk about.   Within my family, we talk about how hard it is for her, how we must be undetsanding of her ADHD. I have always tried to be empathetic and understanding of her. In periods when she has been in conflict with other family members, I have tried to help negotiate a solution.  I have always kept going back to my sister in attempt to “fix” our relationship, but there are only so many chances I can give her.   I have tried to have a relationship with her - at times, we have been incredibly close. Somehow this is never sustianable. Growing up there was always conflict, violence and aggression in my house. Shouting, swearing, breaking into my room, breaking things.These were things I just accepted. I thought it was normal. At times I'd feel emabrassed when her outbursts happened in front of my friends. I never really had anyone to talk to about it.   As I grow up I realise that things we have long accepted, really aren't acceptable. Primarily, the violence. As adults, we have had ups and downs and I consicously made the decision not to tolerate violence from her - which has led to periods of no contact. She slapped me with a doc marten a couple of summer's ago because I wouldn't lend her my clothes.  My parents don't like to get involved in these conflicts, which whilst I can understand puts them in an awkward position, it  also means that there is no accountability. No incentive for change. The recent conflict stemmed from a big argument a couple of months ago, where she shouted and abused me in front of my friends and then demanded I lent her my credit card which she then lost. It was all too much for me and I decided to take a step back.   The problem is that whenever she is conflict with someone, everybody is so intent on not causing further anger and confict that the issue is swept under the rug, for the sake of a happy christmas for example. As an adult now, my sister's behaviour is dangerous. I am scared of her temper, as are other family members and I witnessed how she treated her ex boyfrend. I don't know how we can move forward if there's not a unified front from my whole family saying enough is enough. I don't want it to feel like we're ganging up on her, really it is more from the perspective of we love you, but you need to sort this out. I lost my cool earlier after she shouted and swore at me and I told her that people were afraid of her temper. The issue is that she accepts no responsibility for her behaviour and there has never really been any consequence for it - as it has always been forgiven.   I really try to understand it from an empathetic viewpoint, I understand that she struggles to regualte her emotions and feels impulsive. I am trying to contextualise it, I really am but I am at my wit's end. I don't want to be at loggerheads with someone, but I can't have a relationship with her until she owns some responsibility for her actions and accepts she needs anger manamagement. I find it really hard to sweep things under the carpet this time, I have so much resentment.   &amp;#x200B;  I also understand that this post must seem very one-sided and attacking of her. I guess I am trying to work out where the line is to be drawn between ok, she is struggling and actually this is inexscuable.   &amp;#x200B;  :(
89343ad902663105f6da5745e34a1231b393f53f6c59487c7dc6e207a6055dbb;;;Partner’s inattention = physically/emotionally unsafe situations?;;;I’ve (F33) been with my partner (M31) for nine years and we’ve only just discovered he’s got generalized anxiety disorder and inattentive ADD about six months ago. It certainly made a lot of things fall into place in both our minds (i.e. his fairly-regular absent-mindedness, forgetfulness, struggles with structure and planning, inability to initiate a variety of tasks, etc.). He’s seeing a psychologist and psychiatrist and is also on meds. I try to involve myself as much as I can as well by reading up on the condition, watchings vids and going with him to couple’s therapy at least once a month; it’s not always easy but I have learned a lot and we try to take it day by day.   Lately, though, I’ve become really worried that his occasional lapses in attention may become somewhat dangerous for me. I’m suddenly consumed with fear that he’ll lose focus at the wrong time and it’ll be during a critical moment in which something bad can happen to me OR perhaps a third party might malign me in some way and while my SO is present physically, his focus would have been non-existent to the point that he doesn’t even step in to intervene or help defend me. Some recent real-life examples include:  •when we were both at the gym and I was at the squat rack with him as my spotter. I was doing a rep and lost my balance and almost fell completely backwards with an additional 60lbs on me. I was able to catch myself on my back foot but was still pretty unstable and it was only then when I was a second from  falling that my SO woke up and ran up behind me to catch me. I was angry and scared at the fact that he wasn’t paying attention at such a critical moment (and also blamed myself for having had him spot me in the first place);  •a friend of mine who was passing through town came over and spent two nights with us but on the second night, for some reason, she became really bitchy and passive aggressive with me and it hit me hard because I’d only ever known her to be nice and caring. I was really depressed and cried about it after she left and my SO did...nothing. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not some damsel in distress, but damn, he couldn’t have taken her aside to talk to her or written her a message as a concerned partner? He did notice I was affected by her behavior and, honestly, an outsider came in and made your gf feel like shit; as a SO, wouldn’t that merit some sort of defensive action on your part at a minimum?  There are other examples over the course of our nine years, I’m sure, but you get the idea. Am I alone in this? Is it an exaggeration on my part to feel scared at the fact that, at some point, his inattention could come to affect me in an even more serious emotionally or physically dangerous way down the line?   I did actually talk to him about this last night and he came to me tonight very remorseful and apologetic, promising me that he’ll lean in more in regards to therapy, taking his meds on time, doing more research on techniques outside of therapy to help improve his attention, etc. He also asked me to please be patient with him as this whole thing is brand new to him, too, and it’ll take time for his attention to improve. While I understand his point, I also feel as though waiting and being patient puts me at risk for another incident; how long will it take for his attention to improve and will I suffer for waiting? I’m feeling angry and scared, and not very hopeful for the future. Have any of you also gone through this?  Thanks in advance. ❤️
f47957e172387f3093324c9d2d3fe697547f8faf0ef601f3e8d2c2c3d3289ffb;;;Just found this sub;;;I know there's a subreddit for everything but I am so amazed by this sub. I'm not a cryinf person but I sobbed reading the posts here because I finally saw something familiar to my life. My husband is diagnosed and taking medication. I do not have ADHD but I do have anxiety. People know my username so using a throaway.    This may be a wall of text. I'm just so emotional right now. I love my husband and deep down I know that he loves me but we are falling apart. For years I've been trying to find a way for us to both be in this together, to both feel like equals but it's been an impossible task so far.    TL;DR - At rock bottom with my husband. Desperate for something in missing to make this work. He's really detached and I'm looking for help to help him a willing participant in rebuilding our marriage.   We cannot get out of this mother/child dynamic. It's destroyed so much. For example, we have zero intimacy. It's for a lot of reasons, but that is a huge one. If I act normal and never bring anything up, I firmly believe that my husband would be so happy and content. But doing that causes me to throw who I am as a person in the trash and be something that is watered down and barely human. I don't think it's anything malicious, I think he just really enjoys simplicity and searches for it no matter what it hurts.   I don't know what goes on in his head, but be only seems to "try" when there is a fight. It seems that otherwise , he thinks he cleaned the mess up and it's done. There hasn't been an understanding of managing his ADHD as a long term thing. He just sort of jumps to one problem and then the next while not learning anything. Sometimes it's like he forgets everything that's happened. Worse than that, he actually will remember things completely different and twist them. He'll leave out certain things that happened which make me look bad instead of him. We're barely in the same reality. He gets very defensive even if I try to talk calmly. I've gotten to the point I don't say anything. If he doesn't get defensive, he gets into this spiral of self pity. So if he hurt me and I sat something, I end up comforting him and he forgets that I was the one that was hurt. I don't feel like a person. I have no one to talk to.  We were in therapy together but I just couldn't do it anymore. The therapist never really gave him tools to help manage. Instead she pacified him and said that his diagnosis stops him from doing anything. It was always what more I could do. We saw her for four years. For 2 of those 4 he has a second therapist specifically for ADHD. He was doing Neurofeedback but thah stopped with COVID. They still speak biweekly. I just started my own seperate therapist but I still need time to see if it is a good fit.   I don't know what more I can do. I've tried watching YouTube videos together, books, workbooks I found online. He is very good at pretending but be doesn't seem interested in learning any more about how to make this all the best it can be. I tried being super supportive, I've tried ignoring everything. I try to talk to him and explain everything to him when we fight.  Instead it feels like he does enough to get out of trouble then go back to normal. Sometimes it feels like he's still a teenager. I struggle doing this and managing my anxiety. Honestly it doesn't feel like my anxiety matters since it produces things like trips and a balanced budget. I've tried giving him jobs that are his. He gets angry when he doesn't feel equal (it's never actual equal, he just needs to think it is) so I made sure he had things that were his and I didn't touch. One by one those things I had to take back becuase be continuously neglected them. I've taken so much away I don't know what we have left.    I'm also pretty sure he's close to losing his job. I try to help him and give him tips. He finally listened when be almost got written up a second time and is now going into the office more. We both work from home now and it was so hard to do my job and monitor his as well. I'm so drained I don't even know how I get up in the morning. When COVID hit and we worked from home he just shut down. Be played video games all day and didn't work. The gentle nudges became yelling after awhile because I was afraid he was going to get fired. He got written up instead. He'll. Just today we got a letter that were getting charged money from the HOA becuase he forgot the trash cans again. I don't leave the house but he does 3 days a week. He has to walk past them.   Am I missing something here? I'm running out of ideas. We've been together for 10 years and I'm watching our relationship dissolve into a friendship and I don't want our marriage to die. Not like this. Not ever. We want to get a bigger home. To build on, actually. It's my dream and I'm starting to second guess it because it may be too much for him and he regresses even more.   I'm running out off patience and will power. I know he probably beats himself up about this and feels horrible but it doesn't change how much I'm drowning in the emotional labor plus running both of our lives. I'm desperate for ways to get through to him so he can be a constant willing participant in managing our relationship. We've been surviving off of my anxiety and my mental health is declining. He sees things get done, bills get paid, we have a good life on paper. But he still doesn't see/understand what I have to sacrifice to make it all happen. There has to be something I don't understand.
b5286025373010c5eaa5508b6558c15a4c7deb0ccc3e6957c690ccecea99a4ab;;;Advice on a partner with (possibly) ADHD;;;Hello everyone!  Me and my boyfriend have been together for a few years and we've had quite some problems due to his behavior. I will give a few examples to give an idea: * he is very easily distracted - we are having a conversation and out of nowhere he will take his phone and start doing something on it. Or more often than not I will ask him to check something on his phone, he will pick it up, get distracted with something else, then will leave the phone. I will ask him if he checked and he will make a remark that he forgot and will have to check again. * he forgets a lot - conversations, events or details in events that are important to me and easy to remember, he just forgets  * he talks a lot and interrupts, even when I have asked him to let me finish before he starts talking * he is very impulsive - he wants to do something and the moment he is doing that he already wants to start something else  * he has made quite a few stupid mistakes in our relationship, as he does things impulsively and does not consider the consequences in advance; he just does what comes to mind without thinking too much and regrets later  * he gets frustrated very easily; a long queue at the store can annoy him; he snaps at me or gets absolutely mad for things that are not my fault (It's his most of the time) and a little while after it's like nothing ever happened and it's me who is left hurt and he can't understand why  * he is not good with his money - spends a lot impulsively and barely saves any * he can't prioritise - most of the time insignificant things are his priority, when he is at an age in which there are other way more important things that need to be prioritised  * he has the need to be praised for normal things, that anyone on his place will be able to do, in order to stay motivated * he loses motivation, especially when it comes to something that's not enjoyable, but it's important  * at times he has 2 moods - either super hyper and full of energy, or he can lie down and fall asleep within 5 seconds  There is probably more to it, but that's mostly what I could think of right now. As a result of this behavior I feel neglected and underappreciated, while he swears up and down he puts a lot of effort, but I just can't see that. I also feel like a patent who has to constantly demand and remind, which is not pleasant for neither of us. He has been diagnosed with ADD as a child, but his family did not take that seriously and has done nothing about it.  Does this sound like adhd?  Any input or advice is welcome!
961ce89527e0d22ec28d5f51c44853b1f74c965502adda211244023d9dc4d9fe;;;I broke up with ADHD partner;;;Hi,   I am writing this as a release I guess? As I know there is a community here who understands me. I broke up with my ADHD bf. I couldn't take anymore. The drinking got to me in the end, he told me he'd be home in an hour, I don't care when he is home, he is free to enjoy himself, what I had a problem with is these weird promises or expectations to gives me and when he isn't home in an hour, I'm the one with the problem. I rang him, and he said to his friends "I'm gonna go, I'm in enough trouble as it is!" - I also expressed him being rude to me when drunk which I don't like. I don't like the bath full of vomit so it's clogged, I hate not being able to shower or the stench that it left, it blocked the drain. This is most nights when he drinks, he spends hours being sick.   I am intolerant to alcohol, he knew this. Once I said I'm not comfortable, he asked his friends to back him up and say "Yeah, drinking is unpredictable, can't help it if we vomit for hours when we get in". This has been the case for 3 years. This along with any other requests just makes him go into defensive mode cus he wants to be "normal". I always say ADHD is not some horrible thing, it's something we can work with and improve on the stresses of life together. But alas it was not to be. Thanks everyone on here who has helped me and support me.
9adc08e08e780b67ac3029f64e0bda7eb42b7085c4364c20eb1401932c34858c;;;Problems with waking up;;;I cannot believe I just found this reddit! My husband just got his diagnosis after an agonizingly long time, and as our 4 year relationship has gone on, I always had suspicions and he finally got diagnosed and I was so angry ( not at him, but his parents, its another story )   He's ALWAYS had problems waking up, no matter how many hours he gets. My husband in the mornings HATES who ever is trying to wake him up. Like he would literally trade me for a MINUTE of sleep. He is so incredibly mean in the mornings and its a daily occurence that he hurts my feelings and yells at me. But he doesn't remember it, like AT ALL. Which makes things worse because he doesn't know how he hurt me. Anyway, when waking up by himself we have tried everything ( we still don't live together fulltime, were traditional ) but even putting alarms on where  he has to get up he will still go back to bed and sleep no matter how many times he gets up.  Some help please?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Talk me down please.;;;I try to limit my posts to the weekly vent page but I'm so, so angry right now, that I have to get this out here or my communication with my partner will become very toxic.   My Dx partner is unemployed and due to administrative issues typical of ADHD hasn't been earning any unemployment. We have my bonus daughters for the week and I am financing all of it. I've already spent 3x what I normally do on groceries. Okay, they are family, it's fine. I just placed a grocery order for pick up because we ran out of some stuff and they aren't going home yet. I wanted to wait and let us subsist on second tier pantry stuff to help save money since we just had Christmas (which I paid for, bought the gifts for everyone). He showed me a list of things he was going inside the store to get on his way to get the pick up order, but then I get an alert and my credit card was charged at least 3x what the list should cost.   I'm so angry. I feel like he has no respect for me at all. This echoes a past situation where he was unemployed, didn't try to find work, ran out of unemployment then I had to pay for the bonus children's month-long visit.   I get that he loves the kids (I do too), enjoys when they come, and probably becomes "generous impulsive" but do it with your own damn money and if you don't have any then don't mess with what we previously agreed to. Also, he buys stuff that isn't essential just to be a Disney dad. If we are making a soup then 4 types of vegetables is plenty. We don't need 8 different types of vegetables.   I just... gosh I don't even know what to say. I'm so tired of being disrespected like this. He knows I'm worried about money. He knows I'm trying to be frugal. So WTF why ruin New Year's Eve with this impulsive crap.   I know I said I was venting but i need some support too. I don't know where to put this anger tonight.
ac31a11084d41deca95d0664d7b6aeb03815919eddd808b032a82edfc1eeee41;;;Weekly Victory/Success Thread;;;Living with ADHD requires a lot of hard work, endurance and trial and error in our relationships.  Maybe you have agreed on a new "to-do list" and it works, a new medication or therapy is working as intended, or the laundry has been done in a timely manner etc. Here is where we celebrate the victories no matter how small.
71d6fc539448df098c3cc9edeb80d37e796004e5ea03f991777da11cd9cc759c;;;How do you cope after the honeymoonphase?;;;I had a few short flings here and there until I met K at a friends place. He wasn't the most handsome guy there but he kinda engulfed me with his attention. I can't remember ever having a conversation where i talked about farts, spaceships and methane fuel. He was my kind of funny.   We encountered eachother a few times with mutual friends and I couldn't get him out of my mind, and we started dating after that. I remember the first 6 months or so were amazing and i really fell for him. He always had a new place he wanted to visit, or tell me about something he read on the internet and had to find out all about it, like he was always at 120&amp;#37;.   He even wanted me to move in around the 5th month or so but I was still stuck with my own appartment. I think it was around then that he started to forget to text me back, and it started to happen more often. We'd still go do stuff together, but there was always some videogame and the rest had to wait. And it was me who had to suggest everything now.  I tried to bring it up, but i think it fell on deaf ears. Sometimes he'd just forget about the whole conversation, like it never happened. He once mentioned he probably has ADHD, but he's not medicated or something. He'd always sit on his phone while eating at the table and it's like he doesn't even hear me when i talk to him. I mean every relationship gets some routine, but this?  Can I do something to get that spark going again? I'd really like to get back that guy i met the first time, so plz help!
2327afdece34bebbc7f03a4a776ce1bf79354845e9abaf3b53f5468d0c81c735;;;Could it be ADHD? Trying to find the underlying cause.;;;I know only a doctor can truly make this diagnosis, but I suspect my partner has ADHD and I’m feeling a little lost on how to get help or if I’m completely misinterpreting the symptoms.  My husband and I have been together for 13 years, married for 7. I thought that his constant task switching, his go-go-go attitude and his difficulty coping with stress were just character traits, but now I’m wondering if these tendencies are ADHD related. The breaking point lately has been the irritability and mood swings. Some research suggests these heightened emotions are symptoms of ADHD, while others say that emotional outbursts are not hallmarks of ADHD.   I know there is not a one size fits all ADHD diagnosis, but do the symptoms below often fall in line with ADHD? Do you see these symptoms in your ADHD partner?  - Difficulty managing stress - Hyperfocus - Racing thoughts  - Constantly feeling compelled to start a new task - Waking up tired (as if racing thoughts did not stop while sleeping)  - Irritability  - Mood swings  - Always feeling tense  - Inability to stop (always in go-go-go mode)  Thank you for any help or advice that can be provided.
d6b45bd100836b2a98ea6b913c0e999bc4094471381c923f20bba47c7c995036;;;Commitment issues and ADHD;;;I just recently stumbled upon this subreddit, and very thankful for it. I would like to seek some advice.   TLDR: boyfriend of 3 years is fearful of committing because it would entail showing me his most vulnerable side. He says he is barely responsible for himself, and is overwhelmed by the possibility of being responsible for other people (me, and if we have a child).   My boyfriend (43M) and I (36F) have been in a long distance relationship for 3 years now. We met while traveling and continued to talk even after our trip. He's funny, lovable, smart, and driven. About 6 months into the relationship, he revealed that he was diagnosed with ADHD as a child. I didn't put much stock into it because he seemed to have it all under control.  Through the years, he would flake on me and forget things he promised. Sometimes it would be a big deal, sometimes it's just things you can brush aside. Because of long distance, we have talked and communicated through it all and have been understanding of each other. While I don't have ADHD, my temper is actually very short.  Lately, we've been talking more and more about taking the relationship further. This means that I have to make the sacrifice of giving up my career (quite lucrative in my country) and restart in his. His country is mich better to relocate to, considering the location, better benefits, and his job is also quite good. We've settled on that aspect, and talked about kids as well. My stance is: I want to try, if it will be given, I'd be thankful. He initially did not want to, fearful of passing the gene, but he also wants a kid.  Just last week, he told me he is afraid of making the commitment. He says he can barely control his own condition (he has tics which he keeps under control), and he just wants to be fully relaxed when at home. When I'm with him, he says he has to stay on top of his tics 24/7, and it's exhausting to him. He says he can't see himself being responsible for himself, for me, and for a future child because he will just be so spent. He also said I will probably resent him when I see all aspects of him, of which he is embarrassed by and doesn't want to share with me.   We've spent a sufficient amount of time together, he came to ny country for 2 months, and we would spend about a week with each other every 3 months. While I see his tics when we're together, he says it's a lot of effort for him to "tame them". I've told him I want to understand his situation, and have done a fair amount of reading and researching ADHD.   He was earnest and on the verge of tears when he told me those things. I really feel he loves me and wants to be with me, but can't seem to wrap his head around the idea of sharing his condition with me. I'm heartbroken to hear that ADHD is hindering him from seeking a lifelong companion just because he is embarrassed by it.  Is this just an elaborate way of breaking up? Or is the fear of having to be exposed and vulnerable a real issue for those with ADHD? Thank you for sharing your thoughts.
b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;My husband spends a lot of money on his monthly new obsessions, and nothing I do seems to get through to him.;;;My (20F) husband (23M) was diagnosed with ADHD as a child and was on medicine for many years before deciding he didn’t want to take it anymore at about 20 years old. We’ve been married for almost a year and money is our biggest issue, but nothing I say or do seems to get through to him.   The main issue is that he has many new obsessions all the time, and he spends hundreds of dollars on his obsessions every single month before losing interest quickly after. Whether that’s computer parts, DLC for video games, Magic the Gathering cards, Pop Figures, etc, it’s very obvious to me that these are things that we don’t *need*, but I don’t know how to help him see that. We don’t make a lot of money, and I’m always stressed about trying to afford groceries and bills and emergency expenses like vet visits for our animals, all the while he’s excitedly telling me about his recent $200 purchase. When I bring up the fact that he’s overspending, he feels guilty and does better for a little while, but then falls back into old habits again.   I’ve tried to push him to get help. To go to marriage counseling with me, to see an individual therapist, to ask about being put on medicine again. He seems interested but nothing ever comes from it. It’s taking a giant emotional toll on me. I try to be understanding and empathetic because I know he can’t control it, but I’m losing patience. When I was struggling with my depression and it was taking a toll on our marriage, I sought out help and got treatment. I wish he would do the same for me.   I just don’t know what to do. I love him so much and I don’t want to make him feel sad or guilty for buying the things that he wants and doing what makes him happy, but we live in a reality where sometimes we can’t get the things we want right away and basic needs come first.
342cfef51c4d065c8b321d349156fb0f8c85394812a570f18df223edfe5a4844;;;How to manage dopamine drops;;;My partner (33NB, dual dx with CPTSD, currently not medicated) just read today about low dopamine levels/crashes associated with ADHD and it hit really hard (especially when I pointed out dopamine crashes are probably not only physical ADHD symptom but a trauma trigger for them, as they were highly shamed in childhood for what we now know are stimulation crashes). Advice on how to manage dopamine drops or support steady levels?  They’ve only had ADHD dx the past ~2 yrs, so we’re still learning a lot about how it shows up, along with continued CPTSD healing. Was on ADHD medication for a while but it exacerbated their anger/trauma sensitivity as it wore off in evenings (complicated med hx broadly). They’ve been trying to manage daytime stimulation needs with coffee recently but work has been hard (might be another advice post soon...) TBH I could also use some resources recs for adult ADHD/supporting partner with ADHD.   Note: I just joined Reddit tonight after another disconnect and drop from my partner. I’ve been feeling so lonely the past few months especially in dealing with how high the level of ADHD/trauma symptoms have been. It’s always been hard for me to connect with folks online/by text vs in person, but I need some sort of support community. Hoping this sub provides that space!
fd5663e5d5611246b852dc6d87ca9c72f81b5f4a94a294ac1300fb1569882f38;;;Wife keeps saying she "needs a fresh start".;;;Kind of desperate but I don't know where else to turn right now. Wife (28, DX) was diagnosed just before we started dating 4 years ago. She's never been medicated or otherwise done much about it. She lost a job that was meaningful to her because of it, but other than that she hasn't really seen it's affect on her life. Until we had 2 kids and now she can't keep up with laundry, cleaning, kids, etc. as a housewife. It wasn't even something we talked about until this year. It took a few months of angry arguments until she finally started coming around to the fact that it affects our lives. She's now accepted her diagnosis better, but she's never been able to bounce back from it. She's started getting really depressed like she can't change anything, and now all she ever says is that she needs to start over somehow. I have no idea how to respond to that. She used to deal with her problems by traveling or otherwise running away, but she can't do that now. I keep trying to push her to see a therapist and she agrees she should, but she can't even focus long enough to make an appointment. I guess this is more of a rant than a call for help, but it just sucks.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Coping with unpredictability in scheduling and bedtime stuff;;;My spouse is not a routine person anyway. Has sleep issues anyway. But also works a job with inconsistent hours and is often not scheduled until fairly last minute. His shift end time is never set ahead of time. All of this unpredictability has jacked up my sleep BAD.   I can't mentally shut my brain off unless he is home because even if he says "I should be home by x time" him being ADHD means hes often way off on his estimates, so I can't take him at his word. Him coming home means the dog wants to be let out of the bedroom. Him coming to bed means I am woken up. He is a restless sleeper and my body doesnt rest well if he's even just mentally alert in the bed not moving (sounds weird i know). So between his insomnia, losing track of time at night, lack of routine and predicability for personal reasons and ALSO professional reasons, I'm losing my mind here.   The only way i can sleep without staying up until he is home is to just sleep in different rooms but this hurts other parts of the relationship. We still do it but then there's another layer of unpredictability because I never know til the last minute where he is planning to sleep!  I don't feel like I can discuss this in couples therapy because if you don't live with ADHD as a neurotypical person its hard to fathom how much the chaos can affect you.   Any suggestions?
387baf6988011b1d52b8580cc5d274e1ad4036935002eff07a659dc1965961b8;;;ADHD and arguments;;;I have been with my ADHD medicated bf for a few years now and 90% of the time we are great. The thing we struggle with the most are arguments. I’m not innocent in the slightest but I find it really difficult to deal with the arguments we have. They usually start off with something very minor - not ‘argument-worthy’ whatsoever. They will more than likely escalate into something completely unnecessary and completely off topic. We both say hurtful things to each other and I’ll usually end up crying while he stays mad.  He has communicated with me that he would find it useful if I am understanding of his frustration and sympathise and tell him I understand how you’re feeling. But I find this difficult and act defensive and put my emotions first. By this time the argument has escalated.   I feel like every time we put boundaries in place, emotions get the better hand and everything goes out the window.   Does anyone else have experience of similar situations? I would really appreciate any advice you have.
70ed6864fee190c1cc0ac1890115b2a15fc5877e3c681249ae67349987342c62;;;At the end of my rope, feel like an absolute monster.;;;Hi all. My (24F) partner (23M) is diagnosed.   We live with his father and have an 18 month old son. I go to school full-time, work a government desk job part-time, and seem to be solely in charge of running this household.   I have done my very best to understand his condition. I've done everything I can think of. I've read the books, downloaded the podcasts, watched the videos, everything I can think of, all the while taking diligent notes and brainstorming how we might apply the suggested solutions to our own lives. But to absolutely no avail.   I've swung from totally detached, "let him fail", all the way over to absolutely running myself into the ground by just doing everything myself. In the past I've done so well with being patient and empathetic and never, ever losing my temper. But lately I find myself snapping, begging him through sheets and sheets of tears to "please just wake up and HELP ME."   It can't continue like this. It can't. He doesn't pick up after himself. He doesn't make or remember appointments. He doesn't get out of bed without hours of coaxing from me, and even then he still spends most of the day napping on the couch. Then it's video games until 4am, and the cycle repeats. I do all of our laundry, all of our cleaning, the overwhelming majority of childcare, all at the expense of my own health, wants, needs, and goals. I've already dropped out of a class because the demands he places on me are just so extreme.   Please, offer me some support/advice/suggestions. I KNOW that this is a neurobiological disorder, and that my partner is not lazy and spiteful and does actually love me, but oh my god I cannot feel that anymore. I do not feel anything other than stressed and angry and overwhelmed.
0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;Weight Loss Question;;;My husband (although currently we are in a weird area of our marriage but love him still) has is diagnosed and is medicated but I’m starting to feel very very worried. Like to the point where I am crying I’m so worried. He’s taking vivance and lexapro and I don’t know if it’s just the combination of the two or what but he has lost an INSANE amount of weight and very fast too. He forgets to eat ALL the time and I know he has very little appetite because of his meds but I honestly feel like I am watching my best friend starve himself and the way his arms look and he just... man he is just so insanely thin and I know he hates it too. I know he hates it when people compliment on his weight loss so he acknowledges it too but has anyone else experienced something similar to this?
61d449bbf3e8e5117d01cdb7f9a6013bcb1e8ba94272390bb8bdb0a56100cd5e;;;How do I deal with him ‘disappearing’ and shutting me out?;;;Hi, my SO has adhd and had depression from work stress a few years back. We have been together for nearly 2 years. We have been having going through a bumpy patch for the past few months. He has been focused on his own hobbies and interests that he never makes time for me. This is basically the trigger of our arguments. I have tried to sit him down and talk but each time I try (and I am not even raising my voice), he stonewalls or gets upset and defensive to the point of asking for time out in the relationship. He does say mean things at that time. He forgets promises and when I remind him he will insist that he never said them (simple things like we will go hiking over the weekend).   As of late last week, he suddenly disappeared and refused to reply my texts or pick up my calls. I finally got a text from him 3 days ago saying he wants space. I don’t want to lose him and I am worried if he will forget about me should I not contact him. I am hoping those who have had similar experiences with their adhd partners to share with me some advice as to what I should do. I am feeling so lost and rejected.   My apologies for my long rant.
d046a1b719241cfa51fe5cde8461d6ea36cae26efe1abb46e6f2a9f34f84755f;;;my partner having ADHD and me having BPD is a horrible combination;;;I want to preface that my experience with BPD isn’t everyone’s relationship with it just like my boyfriend’s ADHD isn’t the exact same as everyone else’s. A common way borderline presents itself in me is pretty bad anxiety. I’m really aware of others when I’m out in public and am scared as fuck of judgement. I’m sensitive and along with having PTSD it can be easy for me to get overwhelmed. My boyfriend’s ADHD tends to make him impulsive. He’s got a lot of energy and can switch from thought to thought quickly. He can be forgetful about promises he’s made or things he’s said so he conflicts himself often which in turn leaves me confused. I often feel unappreciated and ignored which I know he doesn’t intend for. I really don’t want this whole post to be me just shit talking him and want to say that I really love him and sometimes his energy and positive attitude are really refreshing. He’s really a sweet guy. The main problem arises when we’re out in public. He can be really, really loud. He says things that are inappropriate, sexual or otherwise, and it can be genuinely embarrassing. We were going out to celebrate my birthday (yikes) a few weeks ago and were going to go to a movie. We were running about 10 minutes late and I started to get a lil anxious. I know to not panic outloud because DBT taught me a lot about how that can cause me to spiral and make a bigger deal out of whatever is happening. Anyways, we parked in a parking garage and were walking quickly to walk the block to the cinema. When we got to the ground floor of the parking ramp he saw a sign that said “pay here before you leave”, and realized he forgot the parking slip in the car. He wanted to go back and get it and I asked if we could just grab it after the movie since we were already running late, but he said “they’re probably still on the previews!”, so we walked back up the stairs. It wouldn’t have been a big deal if we weren’t parked on the fourth level. By the time we got to the cinema doors the time said we were 15 minutes late and he said “What do you think babe? Do you wanna just do something else?” He seemed to so I agreed and tried to find something to do on my phone. Anytime I made a suggestion of something nearby he shot it down, and after a few minutes he said “Wanna just go back to my place?” I said sure and was visibly sad at this point. As we were walking (there AND back to the ramp) he was making extremely loud sexual comments. Just all in all he was over the top. Singing, dancing, talking to strangers, swearing in front of kids outside, etc. It was way too much for me and I was so quiet and clearly uncomfortable that there is no way he didn’t notice I wasn’t fine with the situation. When we got back to his house I said I was gunna head home, and when he asked why I said “I just kind of feel like crying” and he said “What, is it something I did?” and instead of just being honest outright I didn’t want to make him feel bad so I said no and that I just felt overwhelmed, and he said “No, I know it’s because of me. I’ve been really annoying all day and I know it.” He ended up going for a walk and told me to just be by myself in his place for awhile and we could see how I felt when he got back. I was really thankful for him doing that, and when he got back we talked and I was more honest with him. I said he often made me uncomfortable in public and he acknowledged that the way he acts in public has gotten him into serious trouble before. He seemed to be really genuine and said “Let’s just have a code word for if we’re in public and I’m doing something that’s overwhelming you or just not helping the fact that you’re already anxious.” I said sure. The next day we went to the zoo, and while we were waiting in line to get in (like a 20 minute wait) he started up again. Loud, singing, dancing. He pulled his phone out and started playing a song through the speakers. (I FUCKING HATE when people do things like that in public. Put some headphones in. Jesus fucking christ.) At that point my anxiety with him had been building for a good 15 minutes, so I said the code word, which was baseball. He IMMEDIATELY laughed and started mocking me. “Haha, baseball! Baseball!” I didn’t understand what the point of him mocking an idea HE came up with was, but it hurt my feelings and made me want to not trust whatever solution he comes up with next. During the rest of the day he would find excuses to say “baseball” to me. For example, a kid bumped into me at one point and I said “oh, sorry!” and my boyfriend snapped “baseball”. Another example was when he commented on how I was dressed (asshole?) and said “Men keep staring at you.” I said something to the effect of “Well it’s hot out. I’m wearing shorts and a crop top.” and he said “baseball”. I really don’t want this dynamic to start veering towards me just parenting him. He’s three years older than me and I don’t like feeling like the mature one in this. Has anyone else experienced anything like this? Or does anyone have any advice on what to do?  TLDR: I’m very sensitive and my boyfriend is very not sensitive and I don’t know what the hell to do about it.  (this is also posted in the BPD subreddit)
1ad68d495d9f755a8ca62c9d481eed1f2cc9f0b923e24e7eeeaa5d77c953d4b6;;;Struggling to be patient with my ADHD partner;;;I (f, 28) am struggling to be patient with my (m, 29) ADHD partner. We have been together a long time and I love him very very much. I am just looking for sympathy and maybe advice if there is any out there.   One aspect of his ADHD that I really struggle with is the amount time he takes to make decisions and carry out tasks. I understand how important it is to let someone with ADHD decide or do something for themselves and not have me take over for them, and as I am a decisive and proactive person this requires an immense amount of patience from me. I try very hard not to do things for him and let him come to a conclusion or carry out a task on his own. Sometimes I feel overwhelmed and sad when we miss out on important things that one or both of us wants because my partner has taken too long to make a decision, send an email, or make a phone call.   For example, we have recently lost out on house we were trying to buy because he took too long on deciding whether to go ahead after the seller had accepted our offer, and the seller got bored of waiting for us and accepted a different offer. When the seller and our solicitor pressed us for an answer it made him more stubborn in his indecision. He has missed out on job opportunities because he did not get his CV in before the deadline. On a smaller scale we have missed many a date night because he can't decide what to do or where to go, and then before he's decided the evening is over. Fellow partners of ADHD-folk, how do you cope with this aspect of your loved one? I don't want to be bitter towards him because I know its not his fault, but I can't help feeling sad and frustrated sometimes.
30d0ab6345fe08cfdea472d4b0d1206e485729136a5b44f9c3d099c9d04413b6;;;UPDATE minor success? Am I a bad person if I no longer want to be with ADHD partner that doesn’t take care of self?;;;For my original post[original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/dd85j0/am_i_a_bad_person_if_i_no_longer_want_to_be_with/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app)  I talked with him and he broke down. He said he was upset and didn’t want to see a therapist bc he feels they will only try to mess with his head and try to rewire him and that his childhood therapists never had his best interests in minds, they only wanted to drug and control him....  And with that - a few nights ago he had another tantrum over losing streak in game, having neglected me and our chores as we were going away for the weekend. I had a schedule of what I wanted done and when and you guessed it, everything was done late and we left late. The trip itself was fine and you would not have been able to tell we had spent the evening in hell.  He told me he was despairing bc he does not want to go to therapy, wants to be accepted as is and maybe he just doesn’t deserve or should be in a relationship. I said fine, you can feel that way and live your truth but I can no longer live like this. Told him he needed to get in therapy or I was leaving him. He begged me. I said no.  So he looked up his provider network and found a psychiatrist that specializes with ADHD patients he think will be a good fit. Except he can’t find his insurance card. And he needs to wait for a check to come in. Im hoping that he actually goes through with it guys...  TLDR; gave SO ultimatum. He took it and hopefully our relationship can finally start healing
f7be81dc1d59ebdc69603c1ec3a21c9f7a842b814639e682d1fb719c1d53c919;;;Does adhd make insecurities worse? Does it create a false perception? Is it RSD?;;;Adhd partner has been incredibly unstable, on his meds it’s no arguments but coming down he’s pretty bad, it’s been a couple days since he started. Do you think the side effects would go away? He says it feels like he’s having withdrawals.   I’ve noticed this long ago that he’s easily very insecure and very unreasonable. It’s extremely childish how he thinks he’s warranted to be “mad”. No matter the truth or consoling. Recent example is we had a huge argument the night before and pretty much saying we should break up blah blah, and he does this a lot when he can’t handle an argument, etc. then he takes it back and acts all lovey dovey and I’m furious. The next day he said he wants to have an important talk to me about what happened. And when I’ll be home from work. I vaguely said 4. His friend hit him up to go hang out, and he asked if that’s okay. I was perfectly fine with it, as he hasn’t hang out with anyone for a long time, I thought it’ll make his night and he will enjoy some time apart. I just said we will talk before you leave right? And he said yes. The time comes and I’m about to leave and he said that his friend wants him to pick him up and he can’t wait. And at first I was a bit upset but i was understanding. I just asked but we will talk when you come home right? He said yes, and I’m like what time and he said I don’t know to be honest.. I need to make my smoothies for the next morning too. So I said uhh okay. Well have fun. We text a bit while he was with his friend. And he texted a text that didn’t warrant a response. There was no question, it was a dead end statement. I just read it and laugh and left him alone while I watch tv and enjoy the alone time waiting for him to come home to talk.   At this point it’s 11pm and he definitely doesn’t have time to make his smoothie so I made it for him cause I am free and I don’t want him to stress about it. It’s almost 12am and I’m getting worried. I call him like 5 times and it’s raining... so I’m major anxious. He finally comes home maybe 5 minutes before 12 and he comes in and the first thing he says is “did you go somewhere?” And I said “no” in a weird like why are you asking that. Then he said “why didn’t you text me back?” And I said well I did text you to see if you’re okay. And I showed it to him and he said you didn’t reply to the other one, and I’m like why?? There’s nothing to reply to... and he said so I’m not worth you time huh? And he walks away and he goes to kitchen to heat up his fast food and I said I was making your smoothie cause it was getting late, and he said but you can still text me back. I feel like I’m not worth your time, like what were you doing? I’m like WTF. I do not need to text you back, because it’s a text with no response to!!! I’m leaving you alone to hang with your friend, if you’re that bored just text you’re bored and I can text you. In my head I’m like How the fuck am I suppose to know? And he continues to get defensive and even seeing all the mess and smoothie I made cause I wanted him to not be stressed to make it, he didn’t appreciate or care about that at all. He just didn’t care but focused on the reality that we are adults I do not need to send him a text 24/7 and we live together for fucks sakes. Just cause he’s out with his friends I should be feeling like left out and abandoned... I haven’t hung out with my friends in forever due to my stress and depression from this relationship but that’s my decision. So in the end he didn’t even address our previous argument, and he said he wanted to break up again and I said OK you’re decision and then he took my phone as I was deleting his contact since he wants to break up and refused to give it back and is all lovey dovey. He broke down cause he doesn’t know how to handle it.. and he doesn’t want to lose me but he does everything to push me away and he doesn’t know why he does it. And at this point I’m just like lol ok whatever. Pretty much end of the ropes for me.   TLDR: is this common with adhd? His side effects for coming down is bad with meds will it lift after time? He gets sensitive and mad at me for not texting him back from a dead statement text..
6d8e1823853b53692216c25eda72f792ccf8e6efa4fda4df58e978f8a0226265;;;Looking for closure;;;My ex is diagnosed with add and throughout the relationship trust came up as a big theme. I am NT and had no idea that memory issues were common with add with respect to forgetting conversations or misspeaking. For the first few months of the relationship I honestly thought he was gaslighting me and lying and changing stories. He would also get quite defensive when I called him on these inconsistencies. Sometimes, his reasons for why he said a certain things would change. He chalks this up to not remembering the conversation and trying to fill in the gaps. Sometimes he would bring up reasons for doing or saying something and I would tell him that the reason made no sense and he would agree and say that the reason actually did not apply and he was just trying to talk through his logic in real time.   There were some odd situations in the relationship where he insists he doesn't have a memory of the event, even a moment later (him rolling over and rolling me onto him when we were cuddling, then when I asked him why he did that since we had agreed not to have sex, he said he was in a super relaxed state and in the moment and must not have been aware of his movements when he rolled over and was actually confused about how I got on top of him). He said he had no memory of the actual rolling over because he must have been on autopilot so the movement never got committed to memory. He got incredibly upset when I accused him of lying about this. To me it seemed ridiculous that you would roll over while holding someone and be unaware of your movements but he said that these sorts of unconscious shifts in position were normal for him if he was tired and relaxed.  We have broken up due to these trust issues. I feel like I can't tell the difference between when he is telling a small lie due to being insecure vs what is actually add. He is a smart guy in general, not some bumbling fool but yet when these situations came up there was always some reasoning that I didn't understand how his brain works and that his intentions were not to lie or mislead me.
389a558114e56da63969ed47ddf0764dcfd6cb2916e6936aceaf795990830a6c;;;Anyone's partner bottle stuff up then explode?;;;Not quite explode. But she'll have a problem and let it fester sometimes for months and then suddenly tell me one day in the worst most dramatic way possible then immediately take it back and say she never meant it. Example: we had an in joke about her being a drama queen, I never ever said it in a derogatory way and it was always in a jokey way like if she was lying in a dramatic pose, and she'd play up to it. One day in an argument she said she fucking hates it and always has and made it seem like I'd been abusing her. She immediately took it back. I don't joke with her any more.
7d68709600208579c640d41e1498d4d7f9561bb0d94e3d5e045788a6fa236123;;;ADHD partner (DX) is out of work again;;;My partner left his job about a month ago and doesn't seem too interested in finding anything new, have you all experienced this? What did it take to get them back on the horse?  He doesn't really have a career path and thinks unless he LOVES work, it's not worth doing (or isn't interested in doing it). I have a job I like but we need two incomes, and I know eventually I'm going to get resentful of being the only one working (and running the house).   I have no idea how to motivate or encourage him to look at anything and take whatever comes his way, and that not everyone feels their jobs are their great loves in life. Any advice is welcome.
0af4c6c6c2805fa867674ed868108cc7200d5da471ef4602076dd72cdded892b;;;What should I do to make my relationship work?;;;I F(24) have anxiety disorder and just remember that my boyfriend (23) once told me that he has ADHD. He told me about this before we started dating. I have a hard time dealing with him ignoring me, back then it’s just for two days. I’ve told him about this every time he start disappearing that it triggers me and he apologise and repeat it the next week. I try to tell myself, he just need constant reminder. But then one day after ignoring me for a day he comeback telling me that he slept with someone when he was drunk and he kept it for a few days from me. He even told me that he loves me out of the blue the day after he slept with someone, hut I thought he was being sweet since he hasn’t told me he made a mistake the night before, we make amends with this. He made up for it by being presence for the whole week, then he disappeared for three days and later when comeback telling me his phone broke and apparently he doesn’t have any so he relied on his xbox and we chat briefly on messenger, I thought he already found a way to text me so I texted him the next day and he just left me on read and then ignored me for a week. I sent a Christmas greeting and he didn’t bother to check on it and the fact that my text delivered triggered my anxiety and I started feeling insecure and it’s hard to believe in him again after recent event. Two days later my friend then made a fake account and sent him a hello which got a warm friendly reply from him, he even sent a holiday greeting for that simple hello text and left my Christmas greeting on read. He didn’t reply any of my worried texts. We fought about this and I feel devalued and asked for a quit, he disagreed with this and then few days later on new year’s eve he reached me and said he didn’t want us to split, we talked throughout the night and he spent his new year’s night with me. We start talking like usual now but I feel like he looses interest and I’ve asked him whether he is sure with his decision but he said he is sure. Yesterday I just realised he once told me he has ADHD, and I read a lot of articles and I found what he often did are listed on the symptoms list. But my anxious brain can’t stop feeling anxious what if he lied and just a plain asshole when at the same time trying to rationalise that it’s his ADHD and nothing wrong with him. I feel like I’m so needy and unsupportive, I’m honestly okay if he can’t text me but I need a notice beforehand and he never did it despite the fact that I’ve asked him to do this a lot. This confuses and consuming me so much. This is the only issue we had, the rest he’s been good as a boyfriend and it’s possible that I’m overreacting.
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;How to get partner to actually listen to me? He also takes things that aren’t his and it’s really embarrassing;;;My SO (dx’d, rx’d) and I are having two different problems. The first one is that when I communicate things that I need or feel, he overwrites that’s with what *he* thinks I need. The second is that he inappropriately takes things that aren’t his and it has caused several very embarrassing situations.  I’ll try to keep things brief, but I’m trying to improve my diet because I noticed in gaining those dreaded “2lbs every year”. My SO eats nothing but junk food. I’ve told him, kindly, three separate times when he surprises me by grocery shopping “for us” that I’m improving my diet and don’t want to eat any of the foods that he brought home (Chips Ahoy, candy, plain bread, crackers, Fruit Rollups to give you a sense of how bad it is). I’ve explained my workout routine to him, my diet, and make sure to mention it regularly. But yet again yesterday he brought home nothing but junk food and then got upset when I didn’t want the “dinner” he got “for me”. In his mind, he’s doing me a service, but I’m getting really exasperated with how many times we’ve had this conversation about me eating healthy.  What can I do to just make him listen?  My second problem is that my SO takes things inappropriately. This is odd because he’s extremely territorial and gets very passive aggressive whenever someone uses something of his, even if it’s in a communal area like a cup in the kitchen.   The reverse is not true. Some examples include, we were visiting an old friend of mine out of town and he just invited himself to her last soda in the fridge without asking. She would have let him have it if he had asked, but his just walking to her fridge and taking it was...odd. We were at a party with friends (where we were welcome to the beer in the fridge) and he helped himself to a bottle of wine that he found in the kitchen while we were all in a different room. The host had to text everyone later asking who opened the bottle and if they could reimburse them for it. It was mortifying.   How do I even approach this behavior?
93d4fe96bafc13b75e7a8a66fd16ef99a3ac840be55ec32c7798cc9326ca9a7c;;;Fiancé doesn’t have time for me? Scared to break up.;;;My fiancé  is obsessed with making money right now. He currently have 3 full time jobs. I told him how I felt about it and he doesn’t seem to understand. We have seen each other once in the past two weeks and we don’t even talk on the phone. I am starting to feel neglected and ignored. I feel that my feelings are heightened because I alienated myself from my friends because I enjoyed spending my free time with him instead ( infp problems). Whenever I talk about the relationship not working out going at this rate he asks me if I want another woman to reap the benefits of what he is doing ( he wants to make more money to start investing) . I wonder if I am being childish or if my feelings are invalid. He seems to not understand my point of view. I understand that I should have a life of my own, which I do, but how much of a relationship do you have if there is no communication or quality time? ( we don’t live together). When I talked about potentially calling it quits he started crying on the phone and got in the car to come to my house and was overcome by so much emotion that he lost control of his car and ended up in a ditch ( he’s fine and his car is too). I just feel stuck because I don’t want him to hurt himself because of his emotions but I don’t want to go on like this. I really don’t want to break up because I love him but I feel as though I’m chasing a moving bus. We have been together for going on two years and I have yet to meet his parents (partially my fault) or is daughter although she lives out of state...It’s just a lot.
92e86d432605dfab0daecb4c05ac3d7d25fcbdbf7b9942078fbe73e2aabd1cd0;;;Partner has trouble coping with how upset she gets with me.;;;My (21m) partner (22f) has been having trouble with my increase in symptoms over the last three weeks. Long story short, I quit my job on doctors orders and they cancelled my Heath insurance sooner than they should have because they switched companies so to get my adderal 15mg xr and 10mg regular it would have cost me over 300$. So I did what any other broke college kid would do the week before finals. I buckled down and made the 8 or so 10mgs I had last me for finals week. I’ve been out for about two weeks but I will have insurance on the first, so there’s a light. My partner is having a hard time because we’ve been on and off for about 6 years, and I would always get more inattentive, agitated, tired, and impulsive before breaking things off, but I was also always untreated. Tonight we talked and argued and eventually she made me realize that I never told her how bad the withdrawals from this medication can be (catch 2200 amiright). So I did that and she was really down on herself for saying I wasn’t being attentive enough and other things. How can I let her know that we’re just going through this together, and that her feelings are justified (aside from just telling her because I have and will continue to do that)? Like, I appreciate her apologizing, but how can I let her know that she’s not as bad as she’s making herself out to be?  Thanks in advance!
b9db39f41b319a0c2effd4f79b974589fe98b5c9f3d86e4c7c0f91b675767a6e;;;Mindfulness from The Dialectical Behavior Therapy Skills Workbook;;;While we as partners continue to help and support the ADHD individual in our lives it is also important for us practice the skills that contribute to our own mental health. Emotions run high in conflicts with our loved ones and it is all too easy to play the blame game and lash out at our partners.   &amp;#x200B;  [As many of us have come to realize - often it's not what you say to your ADHD partner, rather how you say it](https://i.redd.it/pj7gfnuu2tm31.png)  Practicing mindfulness and other DBT skills can improve communication for all parties involved
c7c03adee1e82384b3c26d0d6558d11aa2ce3c3931b22e3c626bde95ddc36442;;;F(19 w/ depression &amp; anxiety) / my SO (21 w/ Adhd);;;So no one has to read this but i genuinely need to get it off my chest. (hi btw i’m new to this subreddit i just joined today because of everything.) so my partner and i are long distance and have been long distance since 2016. I don’t know where to begin.  Basically before him and i got together we used to argue quite a bit as well and like something about the things he does annoyed me but then it got better and we started becoming attracted to each other so we ended up trying a relationship together. We did so well for the first few years and stuff. However recently he got a diagnoses for ADHD and i realized my life long anxiety has caused me to experience depression.   I grew up in a pretty toxic household with gaslighting and with people who always argue and stuff considering my parents. I have a lot of issues on my own with communication and patience and learning to manage my own emotions since i got used to ignoring them  and letting it build up until i explode. I was going to therapy before this pandemic thing happened so i haven’t been able to go since. I feel because of my feelings of uncertainty in this world due to my anxiety, I became emotionally dependent on my partner for stability and to feel comforted when i never feel comforted otherwise. However, since he got diagnosed with ADHD I started to realize the things that annoyed me was not coming from him directly but from the mental illness and i started to feel more alone than ever. Things like being interrupted all the time when i’m talking or being forgetful of things that we talked about a few hours ago or even yesterday. It gets annoying to me as i’ve got a type A personality and I cant understand what it’s like to not forget anything and be able to focus. He is taking medication though and is looking to increase his dosage once this pandemic stuff is over with so he can get an ECG and talk to his doctor. He tries a lot, i just have a lot of impatience and short temper i need to deal with (things i’ve unfortunately gotten from my mother).  Lately i’ve been thinking if it was all worth it, if i wanna do this for the rest of my life. but every time i think about the possibility of breaking up my anxiety spins out of control because i won’t have him emotionally anymore and i don’t wanna live my life without him, so i just don’t know what to do - and i love him. being long distance doesn’t help, but then again we were planning on closing the distance next year once i graduate with my bachelors. i’m just scared because i’m moving to the UK in order to close our distance (i’m from the US) and to get my masters degree there so i can live and work to be with him. I’m just scared to spend all the money to go there and be with him just for our relationship to fail. i only wanna be married once, i don’t wanna go through all this just for it to not work later down the line. i’m feeling really uncertain and scared.  sorry this is long. it’s the best i can do right now. thanks for reading.
8be11673d1bd39070d99078a5ac1cef343f2de5019b41182957cfe6247db963c;;;Am I unsupportive, or is the relationship just overdrawn on his end?;;;I posted 5 days ago about being on the verge of divorce. My husband (ADHD pi, later in life dx with minimal support or empathy growing up) pointed out that I had a few years there where I was dealing with attachment issues, and he stuck by me and loved me through it and he was disappointed that I was not willing to give him more time to work on himself. That was fair I thought so I said we can set aside the separation talk and I would give him more time but I absolutely had to see him work on being dismissive and invalidating. We had a nice Thanksgiving. Then he worked a double Friday. Then Saturday he was grumpy and emotionally unavailable because of the double Vyvanse dose. Then yesterday there were more practical lapses, and rather than try to be receptive to my complaints and my feeling of having less trust, he got all legalistic about it and tried to disprove the things I was upset about.   So, I was factually wrong about 2 of 5 items, and that means my feelings are invalid. I told him you said you'd work on this validation stuff, and here we are like 2 days later and you have an opportunity to practice and you're not doing your work, and you have until I go to bed to show some effort at receptive listening or I cannot delay the separation.   He didn't really do that work, and he's basically saying that I'm being unreasonable because Saturday he told me he's fighting off depression.   I am so tired of his mental health issues taking up all the bandwidth in the relationship.  I am so tired of him using them as an excuse all the time. I have attachment issues and the very next day we had after making up from the fight he was kind of crappy to be around all day, and then minimized my issue with that.   So, I feel like it's very hard to be supportive about his depression if that implies I am also supposed to just let go of my very important emotional needs. I feel like he is being self absorbed because I already accommodate his ADHD all the time, and now I say this is super important, and he's like but I'm depressed.   I feel like you can be depressed and still make an effort to understand your partner's perspective instead of trying to disprove it. I feel like he shouldn't expect all this caretaking and tiptoeing around his feelings and catering to his incredibly avoidant coping and then also be like well I can't be expected to do what you want because I feel bad. He's implying there's a lack of empathy on my end, but I mean, he's perpetually overdrawn on the emotional bank account here.   Am I wrong? Am I supposed to to set aside my needs perpetually? Is it not reasonable to want him to make more of an effort than that so soon after a fight that almost ended the marriage?   Is this normal for people with ADHD to be like this, myopic and stubborn and incapable of putting in effort to create a sustainable stable positive connection, or is this specific to those that have crappy coping skills?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;I feel like Im begging to be loved how love should feel like and I know I can find it elsewhere but I love him, and want it from him.;;;Its extremely hard for me to accept that I cant change him. Im still in love with the beginning, and the idea of what we could be. He became home and family to me. I have cptsd and my home and family was a place of anxiety. So is he. I never really knew anything.
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;He doesn’t feel like I care about his hobbies, and honestly I don’t;;;Our house is a mess, I’m the only one in charge of making sure that the dishes don’t get moldy, that we have toilet paper, pet food, food for ourselves.  At my request (and with my help) he cleaned up our bedroom and it looks a lot better. But I’m still feeling overwhelmed, and alone and like the manager of a sullen teenager. I spiraled into a depression last night and started crying but I couldn’t put the weight on my shoulders to keep our life running into words and he got frustrated.  He said that I’m emotionally manipulative with my sadness (I don’t think this is true, sometimes I just get sad and overwhelmed even if he took time to clean up after himself), and he doesn’t understand why I’m upset if he cleaned earlier that morning. That no matter what he does I don’t appreciate it and it hurts his feelings when I’m sad even though he cleaned.  I want to scream. Will it ever get better? He’s angry and hurt because I don’t care about prioritizing his hobbies, and honestly I don’t. I can’t make things better because I can’t bring myself to care about all of the projects that he wants to start around the apartment when I have to walk through boxes of random stuff and trash just to get from the bed to the bathroom.   I don’t even know why I’m posting, I just need help. It’s overwhelming. I can’t handle it. I don’t know what to say to him anymore
603674076627b90bba9ef117a74ba05bdc1e7d7ed95a7ad4e8ef670249085f8e;;;Struggling to find positivity;;;My husband (m/26) was recently diagnosed, and I’m having trouble coping. I (f/24) always thought it was a maturity thing that he would grow out of and that he would eventually be considerate of my feeling and needs. The reality of this being a disorder that might not get better is heartbreaking. How many of my goals and expectations for our marriage are going to disappear because I have to focus all of my energy into constantly making sure he is able to function?   The emotions I’ve been trying to keep under control for his sake finally boiled over. We had an explosive argument that ended with me just feeling like a jerk for telling him how badly he makes me feel because all it did was upset him. After we cooled off, he spent the entirety of our conversation talking about how much he is struggling.  I don’t think I said more than two sentences. I went completely numb with the idea of this being my life - him causing me to feel badly, me feeling worse for telling him how his actions (or more specially, inactions), make me feel, and then circling back to him ignoring my feeling again. Luckily, he’s very willing to get treatment, and I’m trying to learn everything I can about ADHD to hopefully find a better way to live, but I’m still grieving the life I thought we could have. I guess I’m hoping to find some positivity from other people in a similar situation.   Thanks for listing to my rant.
5563f4986edb0923811e8bcf6ddf77a61069b1995bf1f1c012df844b0a78b044;;;Could my roommate have undiagnosed ADHD and how can I talk to her about it?;;;My roommate (23F) is always instantly reacting to little things I do.  For example: 1) when I open my bedroom door to let air in, she would come out of her room and check what’s happening. 2) when I go out to do laundry, she would immediately come out of her room and talk about how she should do laundry too. 3) when I make some noise near the bathroom, she would immediately come out of her room and go to the bathroom.   Our other roommate thinks she has undiagnosed ADHD. But this other roommate is not bothered by this.   So could she have undiagnosed ADHD? I find it very irritating as I don’t want to feel someone’s always watching me and reacting to the little things I do.   How can we make our lives living together better? Should I tell her what I think?
3f4d367e668a0a9b6696bcc5a1e3d84b3ca3ffa3c4e9ea543bbb5489b38fac4d;;;How to get prescribed Vyvanse (Lisdexamphetamine) from overseas to non-approving countries?;;;# How to get Vyvanse/Elvanse prescribed from approving country to non-approving one? Video Call Consultation?  #   # NOTE: This is not a sourcing post or asking for any advice illegal activities. It is only me voicing out the desperation of the best cure for me that is overly regulated.  ^(My post was already deleted from) r/ADHD ^(for asking about how to legally have it in my country, which is possible but difficult.)  &amp;#x200B;  This post is not about my partner, but my very close sibling that I would love to help him out to live healthily, happily and productively.   &amp;#x200B;  I have been diagnosed with ADHD, anxiety and social anxiety. I have been medicated by Vyvanse in addiction to being on-and-off different SSRI's and SNRI's and some occasional intake of Propanolol/Diazepam for social/panicky situations.  I am an expat in Australia and I am about to leave the country for good, going back to where Vyvanse is unapproved as an ADD/ADHD medication. I have managed to obtain a year's supply of it for myself to bring with me back home (the Middle East, Gulf countries region).  &amp;#x200B;  * ***Now***, this post is mainly is about inquiring about a way for my brother, who has ADD and similar symptoms and has undergone Atomoxetine treatment which did not suit him, and I thought Lisdexamphetamine would be highly beneficial for him as it went very well for symptoms which are similar to him.  The main issue here is how to get it prescribed to him from a doctor overseas in one of the countries that have it approved. I tried speaking to few psychiatrists in here of different states who offer video calls consultations but won't prescribe a scheduled substance to a person abroad, even with an endorsement letter of his local psychiatrist, and I was told the patient needs to reside in the same state as the doctor, as per Australian guidelines. It is importation if it was prescribed, being purchased online, should not be an issue with our regional customs if the paperwork for clearance were followed accordingly, that if it was successfully prescribed to him.  &amp;#x200B;  I even have had desperately entertained the thought of posing as him and see a doctor to get a prescription, but I would not take the risk of doing this.  Or as a last resort, for him to travel to one of these countries and obtain it there, which would be painful, especially a doctor will not prescribe repeat scripts until a month trial at least, that, and the costly travel expenses in addition to the high cost of Vyvanse itself.  &amp;#x200B;  *I am sure many in this community or elsewhere are in a similar boat, if any soul in here have any helpful idea, experience, or opinion for this situation please do have your input.  It would be highly appreciated as his wellbeing is important to mine and he has been through a lot lately.*   &amp;#x200B;  |***Summary of worldwide marketing authorization status (updated 31 July 2013)***\*| |:-|   &amp;#x200B;  |*Country*|*Trade Name*|*Status*| |:-|:-|:-| |**Australia**|VYVANSE|Approved| |**Brazil**|VENVANSE|Approved| |**Canada**|VYVANSE|Approved| |**Denmark**|ELVANSE|Approved| |**Finland**|ELVANSE|Approved| |**Germany**|ELVANSE|Approved| |**Ireland**|ELVANSE|Approved| |**Norway**|TYVANSE|Approved| |**Spain**|ELVANSE|Approved| |**Sweden**|ELVANSE|Approved| |**United Kingdom**|ELVANSE|Approved| |**United States**|VYVANSE|Approved| |**Total**|***Approved in 12 countries***||  * **\*** [WHO's reference on Lisdexamphetamine](https://www.who.int/medicines/areas/quality_safety/5_1_Prereview.pdf)  &amp;#x200B;  Over almost a year now and Vyvanse been the most effective medication to treat these issues, and I have been on Dexamphetamine and Ritalin before and did not find it practical enough in treating my symptoms given its short half-life and the compulsive need to redose that comes with it, and potentially the abuse potential I have had fallen in.  It is a shame it is still highly restricted in most of the world because of its parent compound even with its low potential for abuse, rather than being regulated monitored as properly.
846d6ee0d7d60cb0995d431218b510e6bd3b0978843597b82ff04af5c230e32e;;;ADHD boyfriend broke up with me;;;Around a week ago my boyfriend of 2.5 years (I’m 17, he’s 18) broke up with me out of the blue. Literal minutes before this point, I thought we were in the committed relationship we had always had been in. We had a big fight and he seemed to just shut down and end it. This is a bit of a long story but here we go. Around a month ago, he made a silly mistake. I forgave him for it almost instantaneously. However, he simply could not forgive himself. He was fine at first, but his guilt ended up eating him up inside. He went into a depression. Due to his ADHD, he also lost access to his emotions numerous times. It got to the point where just being with me was too painful to him and made him more depressed each time.   I knew about all of this, however; I never imagined he would leave. He hadn’t even gotten professional help in months. It seems like he just gave up without trying. He was on a family trip at the time and seemed to not care about what was happening. Every time I tried to text him about how hurt I was, he would say “it breaks my heart when you say these things.” He then simply turned his phone off. He left home so abruptly and I have no idea how he was so callous with it.  I met up with him the night after he got back. He wasn’t the same person to me, he didn’t have a light in his eyes; he looked damaged.after 2 hours of talking we agreed to take a break and not break up. This means we would leave our hearts open to each other, however, I was allowed to move on when I decided I was ready. We also agreed to absolutely zero contact and he said we would be strangers if we were to see each other again which really hurt.   I honestly don’t think this is the same person I’ve known For 4 years. The worst part is that he told my sister he didn’t think he could ever get better. My mere presence apparently sent him deeper into depression and sometimes numbness. I feel so hopeless.    Do you think this has anything to do with his ADHD coupled with depression? What should I do?  Thanks
dcb2a1807cb8e2e103f0cc77da8ab12b62ea2acd7d1489d3fee0789e1894458d;;;How can I support my boyfriend?;;;I’ve been with my boyfriend for five years. When I met him he was in university, with a clear cut path in life. Over five years he’s dropped out, become very depressed, and cycled through about 20 different jobs.  He started a new job today and came home extremely depressed.  He finds it next to impossible to do a 9-5 job (and in his defence this job was hard labour for 13 hours a day) I told him to quit and I would support him while he found something else he could handle doing but he broke down crying because he feels like such a loser and a “constant disappointment” “dead weight”  I don’t know what to say to him. It is definitely frustrating at times, he goes months in between jobs or stays at a job where he’s completely miserable, crying every morning before work. I’ve always tried to be understanding of his adhd but it’s been four years of this and both of us are just exhausted at this point. He’s diagnosed but not on medication because we’re in Canada and it’s 2000 dollars just to get into the system which neither of us can afford right now especially when he’s not working.   Any advice? Anyone know jobs specifically good for people with adhd? We’ve looked into being a firefighter (not enough positions) and a cop (a lot of hoops to jump through which he doesn’t have the energy to work on yet, drivers license mostly). He definitely can’t handle anything with repetitive tasks which makes it hard. Thanks in advance.
628422737288b1ff01b81ecaec7735f53f657ab34acbae2ccb443bf734986758;;;Is it the adhd or something else?;;;So I’ve been dating this person for a little while now who had adhd but not too too badly, and they regularly see a psychiatrist and take their meds and everything ao thats not an issue.  I also have mental health issues that cause me to have very turbulent moods and mis-react to things a lot. My problem is that it feels like they are really negative about everything, and don’t really care about my life and how i feel.  And I can’t tell if it’s me reacting poorly over the last 6ish months, or their brains fighting them in ways i dont understand, or just that my SO is a dick and theres nothing to be done about it.   For example, every time i want to do something, and they don’t, we don’t do it because “it’s [their] weekend and [theyre] so busy all the time, [they] just want the weekend to be a nice time for [them]” which i can understand of course.  I wouldn’t want to spend my weekends doing things with i dislike all the time either.  But if there is something they want to do, and I don’t, we have to do it anyways for exactly the same reason.   Or frequently they say its such a nice thing that I’m barely a person in their minds anymore because im not draining on them/they don’t have to have that public mask on, which again makes perfect sense to me.  I too categorise them in the same way because being with them os almost like being alone, but not lonely.  But, I’m really introverted, while they are very extroverted.  And while i can sometimes be okay with a party or a large crowd, they refuse to do things just us half the time, and say things like “I don’t want to be bored the entire time” when i say i want to do something just us.  I can’t tell if I’m overthinking things or reacting poorly, or if its just a product of the adhd talking that makes it sound so much like “being with you is boring, id rather do anything else” all the time, or if my SO is just actually someone who isn’t right to be with at this point in my life.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Suggestions for strategies that hold us accountable for working on relationship (and ourselves);;;I'm trying really hard to avoid the negative headspace I constantly find myself stuck in while knowing that something's got to change. (And by the end of this I've still ended up in a negative headspace and have said 5 times what I wanted to. TLDR at the bottom).   We both have ADHD and are both just about 30. Imm on meds and he is not. We have frequent arguments about the same few big topics though they come out in many different small ways (we'll argue about dishes and then laundry and then cooking but they all relate to my feelings of a lack of support in life for example).   I keep hearing that he wants to do better and that I deserve it and that he'll come up with ways to improve that go beyond "I will just do better" and we are right back at the start by the end of the week. There are endless details but really I just want to know what I can do to hold him and myself accountable for actually working on our issues in measurable ways.  Since the last time we had a serious and grueling conversation about all of this, he wrote down in his phone what we agreed to do in the coming week. We were each going to choose one thing we want to improve upon, reflect upon it, and have a measurable way for us both to track it's progress and/or success.  In that week I came up with a handful of small ideas that could help in major ways like having one dedicated date night per week where we set our phones and social media aside for at least a few hours and do something with each other. I also create a list of every chore in the house and divided them up before presenting it to him in the hope of collaborating on the final division of tasks. In addition to this I thought up a silly idea to start hiding a random nicknack in the house perhaps with a clue for the other to find and then hide themselves.   These strategies were supposed to be presented on Tuesday evening which is the time we decided *he* would approach *me* to sit and talk about any thoughts or feelings that may have been growing over the past week. This was the solution we decided upon instead of therapy because he refuses and I have very little comfortability bringing anything up to him (even saying can we talk later gets a defensive, aggressive, or annoyed response). He set a weekly alarm in his phone to remember to come to me for this weekly sot down.   Well in a two month period he came to me to start these talk on the very first week only and we either do not have them or I being it up and he is surprised and annoyed. So Tuesday came and went and he again is not pulling his weight on things we agree upon. I ask about what he chose to reflect on and come up with a strategy for only to find out that he did not. I show him my chores list and he has nothing to discuss or collaborate over. I ask what the best way to make the list easy for him to keep up with and he offers no insights and says do it however I want that he'll "just do them".   Last night was a good night and I had things to discuss with him about some goals for our Saturday related mostly to chores. I asked when he'd be free to talk and he gave a vague response and started to sound avoidant assuming that I was trying to "start an argument". I assured him it was a fairly quick logistical thing to set us up for a productive and happy weekend. He never came to me to have the talk and, since it had slipped my mind when I shifted gears to make dinner, never really happened.   He did make me two drinks, the second of which was stronger than I anticipated and I felt drunker than I would have liked after having both. Even in that I distinctly remember asking if we could be up and ready early the next day so I could go over what we never got to go over the this evening before I promptly passed out. Morning comes and I am dehydrated and a little annoyed that I didn't get to discuss anything last night after doing all the "correct" steps.   I sweetly ask if he wants me to make him an espresso to help wake him up and he says no because he wants to sleep. I know a weekend left up to him means sleeping in til the late afternoon so I politely but firmly remind him that even while drunk I asked to make up the talk that *he* failed to follow up last night, this morning and that I didn't want these tasks to take up the entire day because of a late start. I tried to reset my brain and give him a kiss on the cheek but he turned away from me and said that's a weird thing to do when I'm "mad" at him. I told him I'm not mad I just do not want the start of tue weekend to be another awful one full of fighting and getting nothing done.   I leave for the restroom and return teary eyed because the rejected kiss on top of seeing how much weight I've gain since the start of all this Covid crap was setting my day up for failure. I lay back down in bed and try to slide up against him to spoon as he immediately turns his back to me. I ask if we can spoon for a bit (so I can reset my brain and calmly go about my morning knowing it's not at all how I wanted it to go but still trying to salvage a good day) and he just refuses.    He is now pissed at me because I'm speaking to him while he's trying to sleep (which is *exactly* what I was thinking about when I tried talking to him the night before because I think about actions and reactions and how things historically play out between us that I wanted to avoid!). He loudly drones over me "STOOOOPPPP STOOOOPPPP STOOOPPPP" because we're now officially back to our typical angry teenager, angry mother dynamic. It's 1:36PM he's still sleeping and mot a single thing will get done unless I once again do it all alone while he lives the exact life he wants of hanging out playing games with friends online and scrolling through the internet chatting with strangers all day long.   This is just every day and we can't even get to the point where are both *trying* to improve. I feel like I keep putting so much energy and effort into resolving our issues but that I am the inly one who is trying or caring. He is doing some small things reactively after a major argument but I *reaaallllyyyy* need that effort being put in *without* the massive days long fights and moodiness. I want to give him credit for what he *does* do but it's near impossible for me to recognize thanks to my own ADHD and natural inclination to live in my own head (I'm trying out a *STRATEGY* of recording all the small things I notice he does for me each day to try and avoid taking them for granted. See an ATTEMPT to work on something in a measurable way to avoid future misunderstandings).   This post, as all of mine, have fallen into this rambling ranty mess so I'll reiterate that I am desperately seeking a way to show in a real world tangible way what efforts are being out into making our relationship better to prompt actual change. Discussing it does nothing. Ignoring it does awful things. Reminding him does nothing and then does awful things. Coming up with things on my own only builds resentment and then does awful things. Letting him realize things on his own does nothing.  I need something real and physical and visible and most importantly something that will give me absolutely positively no question on who is actually trying to make this work and most importantly *how*.  TLDR: What are things you have done in your relationships to make sure you and your partner are reflecting on yourselves  and the relationship, coming up with ideas and strategies to improve both, and following through with those strategies? I don't mean the individual strategies that make up the progress, I mean an idea to ensure that the work around developing and implementing different strategies will actually happen. I hope that makes sense.
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Therapist recommended an enlightening book that's changing how I think about my partner's ADHD;;;[The ADHD Effect on Marriage.](https://www.amazon.com/ADHD-Effect-Marriage-Understand-Relationship/dp/1886941971) I started listening to it on my commute to and from work and find myself yelling out loud, "TOTALLY!" and nodding along. It is an eye-opening explanation of how our NT brains react and respond to the ADHD brain, and has tips and tricks to work within those headspaces.  It is written largely for the NT so I think there are better books out there that use different, maybe somewhat softer language for those with ADHD who likely already feel like they're failing their partners, spouses, themselves, etc. but for those of us who walk around wringing our hands and shaking our heads, it's good to hear that we are not alone.   I highly recommend it, I'm only a few chapters in an I can tell it will help how I deal with my ADHD spouse.
60f77b27f997192a17efe78a93fee2198cb0cb0f59cbef0834e3ac23fc35fc16;;;DX Partner has difficulty with compromise;;;Hey guys, I'm a first time poster here. My fiance (26m) was diagnosed last summer, after a lifetime of random diagnosis that his parents didn't care about. Basically, dude is 26 and just stating to learn how to function with ADHD.  He has a lot of problems with compromising with me. I have C-PTSD, so we both are neurodivergent and need things done a certain way. I try to come up with plans that are flexible for us both, and usually, if he disagrees, he shoots the whole plan down and defaults to a "my way or the highway" mentality.  Example; today, I paid for 2 new televisions that'll be picked up next week (thank you, curbside pickup). I want to get the one good tv potentially sold, and suggested we post it for sale this week. That way, someone could either reserve it or even pay in advance, and once we got the new TV's set up, have them come and get our old tv. He cuts me off and speaks over me to say "I do to like that plan, no." And that's it. No other explaination, no compromise. I made an effort to better explain my reasoning, as well as the pros and cons of my plan, and he continued to be dismissive of my plan. It became an arguement, of course, which I had been trying to avoid.  Now I'm not looking for advice on whether my plan was good or not. I am a very flexible person, I am willing to work with and around him in order to make things work, but I unfortunately end up doing most things by myself to avoid fights and conflict in general. I end up exhausted and without my own needs met because he can't be bothered to try and work out a flexible plan that works for the both of us.  What are some tips or resources I can utilize to not only help my partner see that he isn't allowing us to work together, but to also help him see that he makes situations harder on me because he's only considering his needs and wants?
c94bd35cde3787bcfec05bcc472307efd772a2cf47c377c6adba732b742594a0;;;Do you ever regret saying things you really mean?;;;We all reach the end of our ropes. My wife HATES saying that she has ADHD. She was diagnosed as a teen and refuses to believe that she has it. She blames it on her neglected upbringing. Admittedly, she was very neglected. There’s a lot of trauma from her childhood that she refuses to deal with. But I know her father. There is no way he would ever be able to talk a doctor into giving a fake diagnosis like that. And at the time, a girl being diagnosed was almost unheard of. When I bring up that she probably does have it and that we should address it. She completely shuts down and refuses to even talk about. She said it hurt her that I would think that about her   My response was ‘get over it, that’s what you tell me to do’ She brought it up that I would told her that 6 weeks ago, it was two but that’s not the point.   I feel bad about telling her that. But also, I meant it.  I don’t want to play by different rules that I have to just deal with her lack of impulse control, and her neglectfully meandering though life. While I pick up the pieces behind her.   What have you said you feel about about but it was true.
4a492b5f2aac4a7e268c8680d4d0d99f8587fd0da6d4e1a53a9f6258f81bf6c5;;;Breaking it off with a guy I’m starting to date;;;I’m (26f) friends with a guy (36m), DX and medicated (I think). I met him through a friendship group.   I’m NDX myself, although sometimes unsure, as I read the ADHD subreddit and this subreddit and feel like I have too much self awareness of my actions to be ADHD. I suffer from anxiety and occasionally depression.   He confessed his feelings for me. For a moment I felt the same, because it’s exciting and new, and it’s nice to feel wanted and desirable, he’s confident and loud and just the opposite of me. Afterwards we ended up just holding hands and nothing more.   But now I’ve started to think about how it’ll ruin our friendship, disrupt our friendship group when things inevitability go bad, that I’m probably just a hyper-fixation to start with anyway, and the lack of support and communication I’ll get, I feel like this isn’t good for somebody with my issues (please note, I’m not looking for somebody to take care of me, I’m just wanting somebody to be compatible with my needs).   I can’t across this subreddit and feel like what’s best for me isn’t somebody with ADHD, the days where I can hardly get out of bed and can’t bring myself to clean or cook, can’t really be compatible with somebody else who could be the same.   I feel like he only likes me because we’re incredibly similar in some ways (apart from the loudness). I have the same experiences he’s had growing up, and he hasn’t had that with somebody before now. I can see how the wires can get crossed, because it’s nice to be around somebody who gets you.   I want to let him down, but I want to be kind. I’m scared of him being angry of frustrated with me and lashing out. I guess I’m scared he’ll act this way because honestly I’ve been that person in the past, unable to take the rejection and become obsessive and confrontational.   TLDR; I need to let a guy down before it gets too far, I’m scared of his reaction. How should I approach this?
a0282a7916ca5ada09187399a49cbeca750c3340557a16f0e247d3d5e502abe1;;;Handling your partner’s family;;;Ever have one of those moments where your partner just breaks your heart and brain simultaneously and you’re just done for the day? Yeah. I’m there. Been there since 10 am.   My husband (Dx’d, medicated, when he remembers to take them) has a particularly demanding family. Naturally, as he can’t remember or doesn’t think to do anything, all of the demands fall on me.   After the epic gigantic shit show and struggle it was to pull together everything for Halloween for his family, I told him if his family wanted any pictures or zoom time for thanksgiving he had to handle it.  Of course, it never happened and now his mom is just SO depressed and mad and doesn’t understand why no one keeps in touch.   Anyone, on to today, he managed to pull together two zoom meetings for his family. One of which had been changed four times because his family is roughly as good at planning and scheduling things as he is. His SIL asked me to get pictures of the kids for MIL.   And all I asked him to do was help set the kids down for photos (he didn’t cooperate and neither did the kids, I sent the shitty photos, it is what it is.) And then I just asked him to occupy the kids for a whole three minutes while I sent photos.  That was it...just let me send the photos.  As usual. It was a fight. A debate. “Why can’t you do it later, why does it have to be now, why can’t you just give daughter your phone, other daughter is upset just take her, what’s the difference between doing them now and later...” Guys.  All because I needed a couple minutes to send photos HIS FUCKING FAMILY wanted.  I’m just done for today. I’m simultaneously raging and crying. It hurts even more because most of my family is estranged and I can’t even zoom or be with the family I do have left. I don’t have safe parents to give pics of my kids to. I can’t zoom my sister because my parents might be there and we don’t contact them for safety reasons.  I can’t be with my aunt because she’s a healthcare worker, she’s alone and depressed and I’m depressed without her, but I had to get the house ready for his brother to come (and it was days of this constant debate and fight bullshit to get ready for his brother too.)   He couldn’t just say “okay” for the two or three minutes to send pics to his family. I have to goddamn yank out all of his goddamn teeth just to get THREE MINUTES for HIS family. And my family is just too fractured and shitty to even have around. He doesn’t appreciate his family enough to throw on goddamn Peppa pig and let someone else do all the work for him for three minutes.  I can’t stop crying. It did me in; I’m hiding with my napping daughter and somehow I have to pull myself together enough for the second zoom meeting with his mom ( the first one was me desperately trying to accomodate and get the kids to behave while he just obliviously chattered away.) and not be a complete mess in front of his brother.   Merry fucking Christmas. And big hugs and solidarity to all the partners out there exhausted by pulling all of the Christmas cheer and magic out of their ass all by themselves.
255f3646f242fed5d26ec0f17306df2c943607293071cdefe7459e28dc4cbb33;;;At the end of my rope, partner finally takes steps to get treatment - seeking support and advice.;;;Long-time lurker, first time poster here.  First of all, thank you so much to everyone in this community for sharing their experiences, it has gone a long way in making me feel less alone.  My long-term partner (30M, DX) and I have been having the standard issues to an ADHD relationship since nearly the beginning. He’s “medicated” in that he takes the same dosage he was prescribed about 10 years ago, which is very low after fighting with the doctor that he wouldn’t take anything more, doesn’t consult with a doctor about whether it’s working or not and has no knowledge of that.  About a year into our relationship (after his Mom told me about the ADHD diagnosis), I did a ton of reading and research, identified that we are basically living out every negative communication pattern typically to these relationships and asked him if he would be willing to seek appropriate treatment, both individually and with me, since I’ve always recognized that I (as the non-ADHD partner) have a huge role to play in the dysfunction.  He has been extremely resistant to this, all while bringing me along for the emotional roller coaster. It goes without saying that he’s the most wonderful person a lot of the time, but when he’s triggered, he flies into an unstoppable rage that can only be described as verbally and emotionally abusive. This has taken its toll on me.  Two weeks ago, his time management was whacky again and I got a bit frustrated (truly, it was a minor frustration), this escalated to him packing most of his stuff and moving out in an impulsive fury. Everyone in my life that loves and supports me can’t understand why I would consider anything but cutting him out - he really did blow our life up.  But, he FINALLY booked an appointment to speak with a carefully selected ADHD specialist. He’s asked for my input with the consult forms, he sent me a webinar that we watched together. He’s done more in the past two weeks than in our nearly three years together, but I’m SO tired. Also, I still see denial in him about the extent of the havoc his unmanaged ADHD has wreaked on our lives.  Can any of you offer advice? Especially if you’ve been at rock bottom and whether this moment made your partner wake up to the reality of the situation? Is it worth it to double-down one last time and see if a commitment to treatment can turn things around? Or does the anger, hurt and resentment of a long relationship with untreated ADHD settle in to a point that can’t be overcome?  Thank you all so much.
9a752481debcf58a72b12bbbd2f568345b5232d9e84acc1151dc3f1cac78cc66;;;ADD (33M DX) Man friend (also suffering from anxiety) blocked me (33F). Trying to make sense of the whole thing;;;So I posted this under r/ADHD but was removed for reason I'm not sure of.  A little long but,  **TLDR: ADD man friend who has anxiety blocked me twice.  He was/is going through a lot on both occasions.  Has anyone experienced this?  If not being blocked, being shut off in general**  I'm gonna be honest that I don't really know what I'm looking for here.  There's nothing to resolve as I am blocked, but any input/opinion/relevant experience in the context of ADHD/Anxiety would be greatly appreciated.  It's long but, context.  I started being friends with ADD man (who also suffers from anxiety) almost two years ago (known him about 2.5 years since we're neighbors).  He and I would hang out from time to time, bump into each other and talk, and it was mostly friendly on my part.  He on the other hand would flirt on and off.   It was around this time when he mentioned he's diagnosed with ADD and was on Adderall at some point.  The interaction was on and off but progressed over time.  Fast forward to early last year, we became more comfortable and I caved.  We started hanging out more in a romantic context.  I noticed that he would say things that he would like for us to do but there was no follow through.  I didn't react to them but I was being observant.  I realized he would do this even when we were just friendly.  He also said "I love you" far too early.    Around this time, we were dealing with uncertainties (job and home loss for him, he started drinking a lot as a result, him possibly moving out of state, job transition for me, him moving out, travel plans for me..etc)  which added to the hesitation from both ends.  He also said he's feeling broken, "do you really want me like this?" type of thing but would also refer to me as his gf.  After a short period of time of doing this, he completely shut down and said he's not relationship material.  A day later he said he loves me but doesn't want to damage me.  Same day sometime later said I love you I'll see you when you get back (I left for international travel).  Casual texting followed and then he went silent.  The confusing texts were all in a matter of 3-4 days.  I tried to keep my mind off of it but when I came back, I found out I'm blocked when I called.      &amp;#x200B;  ...8 months later, he apologized saying he was feeling so scattered and broken at that time.  That he did want to be with me but didn't want to mess it up either and he didn't know what to do given the circumstance.  I dismissed this as I didn't know what his intentions were, didn't want feelings of hurt to resurface... I just didn't know what to make of this sudden re-appearance.  At this point we were already long distance because I moved, but we continued to communicate.  Since I wasn't being intentional with my actions, I had a hard time rebuilding trust and anxiety built up.  Up until this point, I haven't read up on ADD and didn't know that not following through, or him being intense were  most probably because of it.  Whenever I talked to people about the situation, they chalked it up to him BSing who doesn't follow through.  This happened for over a month with my anxiety growing even when we met up 2 weeks ago, when it seemed apparent to me that he does want to be with me.  We talked about taking it slow but he would still bring up possibility of kids, marriage.. I was very confused.  What made matters worse was I wasn't communicating any of these because I wanted to enjoy each other and not ruin moments.    &amp;#x200B;  A week ago, he opened up about a family problem that's going on.. with which he said "I didn't really want to tell you this because it's embarrassing" and "I want you to know this because if we get into a serious relationship, this is what I'm dealing with"...etc.  Said some supportive words, he responded, then went silent shortly after.  He was a bit unresponsive the day after, and then the day after that, he called, sounding very impatient and not laughing at jokes unlike how he usually is.  I asked him "have you had something to drink", and that's when he snapped.  I'd like to note that he's been working on completely stopping drinking, but I didn't mean for it to sound accusatory.  what I meant was that it probably wasn't a good time to talk because he sounded off.  When I explained that, he said "I need to go, I'm not mad, just not very social"..and that was that.  &amp;#x200B;  I called 5 days later and found out I'm blocked again.  I did send one text in between saying I'm excited to see him (as I'm gonna be in his area again), asking him light heartedly how things are going.  No response.    &amp;#x200B;  Not asking for a resolution as to how to reach out or anything like that.  I guess I'm just still feeling hurt about what happened and trying to make sense of it.  I've talked to people about this and all I get is that he's an asshole.  Ok, he is.  Logically I'd like to think it's unintentional because of other factors mentioned, most likely the overwhelmed feeling, but  my mind keeps reverting back to: I felt very anxious, projected it on him and it pushed him away which I don't believe I did either.... maybe a little, but not really.  Have you experienced some sort of behavior like this?  Not necessarily just being blocked but being shut off in general
f1770145c31e00efdeb60a63ac3aebc7efcd9084fe2b08a0d45dbfe1ff54c334;;;ADHD Marriage is so hard...;;;Hey all! This is my first time finding support in fellow non-ADHD spouses. I’ve been together with my husband since I was 19. I’m 27 now, married in 2012. I got married at 20/21 actualy because I was pregnant, but also we had a good loving relationship and we seemed to work together on our problems pretty well. I always feel the need to disclaim that...  Anyways, marriage is so hard, and sometimes I run out of optimism and I feel like I need a lot of help. Our main problems are this mom-child relationship, him being overreactive and sensitive. We’ve been through marriage counseling from march 2017-july2017 which ultimately ended in him wanting a divorce. After a few days he took it back and we upended our lives to make big changes. This is actually when I learned that ALL of our problems were the cause of an ADHD relationship.   After all these years of therapy, NO ONE pointed out the adhd! He was diagnosed as a kid, he’s been untreated but I didn’t know how big of a deal it was. I always thought it was just “the inability to focus” and it turns out theres emotions, processing issues... almost endless.  Anyways theres so much information and I don’t know anyone going through my hardships. I am trying so hard to do my part in our relationship to be patient, loving, respectful, and conscious of consequences, but every time we have some sort of conflict I feel like I’m talking myself off a ledge of despair. We have a kindergartener and a 1.5 yr old baby.  Please! Comment and chat with me. I need so much to interact with others that can help me stay positive.
068bd6bd73248e9e17abc0d44cc98a127f1291d2e5f7f82d682f547f5972bcf5;;;Boyfriend started meds this week. It would help me to share my story here. Long post, sorry!;;;TL;DR: Boyfriend’s ADHD (undiagnosed at the time) made me feel very alone and unwanted. Now he has been diagnosed everything makes sense and there is hope for us again. He started meds this week. I want to know what experience you have had with a newly diagnosed ADHD spouse.  My boyfriend (26M) and I (24F) have been together for 7.5 years. We always had a very strong relationship until we hit some problems in October. We had not longed moved to the second place we are renting together, and have lived together since May 2017. He was diagnosed around 3 weeks ago with ADHD, predominantly inattentive.   When we first got together it was amazing. My main attraction to him was his ability to communicate and his passion for his hobbies. He was into weight lifting then and for someone who was under weight, I admired how strong he was. He got me out of a deep dark hole I was in regarding my eating and exercise habits and I will be eternally grateful for that. We maintained our relationship whilst the two of us got our degrees at seperate universities, often not seeing each other for weeks at a time to focus on our studies. He has always been really intelligent and has now got an undergrad, and a masters distinction in biomedical science. He is definitely not the ADHD poster boy.  Our relationship was never short of amazing for years. He would always make time for me, listened to me, checked in on me throughout the day to check I was ok. I was very depressed at uni and he never dismissed my feelings, bought me flowers one time I felt particularly awful and also made sure he just generally spent time with me. I was pretty obsessed with doing my uni work and getting a good grade and he always told me to stop putting so much pressure on myself, look after myself etc. Despite having body dysmorphia at the time, and having some insecurities re: the way I looked, I never once doubted my confidence in our relationship/wondered if he really loved me or not. When we moved in together my depression finally starting to lift. I had a job I loved (and still do) and we were finally living the life we wanted together. Neither of us are into the clubbing lifestyle so it was amazing to have someone to chill out with in the evenings.   However, after around 8 months things started to get tense. My boyfriend was upset that we weren’t having sex so often. I had slipped back into feeling depressed (I always do in the winter months) and I just had no libido. Often my boyfriend would spend hours working on his art work in a seperate room, and whilst I supported him with his hobbies, I had to admit I was feeling lonely at home. The chores felt entirely my responsibility, along with organising anything related to our relationship e.g. arranging dates, organising holidays, remembering relative’s birthdays. I was often too exhausted to have sex. He would sometimes try to initiate but I was either too tired or had just got home from work and would want to shower first. He stopped touching me unless he wanted sex. He wanted to try more kinky things but I just didn’t want sex at all most of the time, and my motivation for trying anything kinky was very low. I got really upset whenever he mentioned sex and in the end he just stopped trying to initiate. We had vanilla sex, but only if I initiated. As you can imagine this put quite a big strain on the relationship. I remember self harming at the gym one morning because I felt so down about it all. Despite this though, we actually still had a good relationship. We’ve been best friends pretty much since the day we first started talking so the fact we really loved each other kept us strong. We were both trying to save money, so not going on dates was a lose-win situation for a while. This was all around Jan-May of last year.   In August we moved to our new place and got a dog. In around September-October time I realised nothing had changed in terms of him showing any sort of initiative with our relationship. It felt like he just went with the flow. I started to wonder if he had just settled for me, After all, he had admitted that he had difficulty getting girls at uni. Maybe I was just easy to stick with? Now he had committed and knew that he I loved him massively, why would he leave? I started to realise that I felt like I was just living with a house mate that I occasionally had sex with. I hate to say this but I had also took on a bit of a parental role, picking his dirty laundry off the bedroom floor to wash, nagging him to do everything. I was used to this by now but it was really starting to get to me. A relationship where you feel like the parent and your boyfriend never compliments you or arranges dates and never touches you unless it’s for sex feels pretty painful.   In October we went on a short break that I had arranged and he didn’t even initiate holding my hand the entire time we were there. The dog was in our room with us so he said this was why he didn’t want sex. I started to wonder if something was wrong, or if he was talking to someone else. This definitely was not the relationship I had imagined having with him. He would often get home from a day of uni  (He had started a PGCE at this point) and not touch me until he wanted sex. This hurt like hell knowing he’d been around beautiful girls at uni all day. One time I got upset and admitted I didn’t want to have sex, then found him masturbating to his phone downstairs. I felt like someone kicked me right in the heart.   I’m ashamed to say my suspicions led to me going through his laptop - something I had never done before. I realised how much porn he was watching. I also noticed Tumblr notifications on his phone. He was following hundreds of porn pages. I have never had a problem with him watching porn, but it hurt like hell when I felt like I had been getting zero attention. All of a sudden I felt like I’d been competing with porn in a way. I started feeling more insecure than I’d ever felt. I told him I had found his account and I didn’t have a problem with him looking at porn as long as it wasn’t accounts that young girls had made, just to post photos of themselves. I communicated with him and eventually things got slightly better. By Christmas I was feeling ok about it all again, despite still feeling insecure. I had started feeling really insecure about my small boobs which I think manifested from knowing he was looking at tons of big boobed women online. Then on new year we threw a get together at our house. One of my friends turned up in a tight dress -  she has an amazing figure and massive boobs. My boyfriend checked them out when I was sitting right infront of him. This was the first time my boyfriend’s impulsive behaviour had really hurt me. I felt sick that he could be so disrespectful to check out my friend infront of me, especially when he knew how down I had been feeling about myself. I couldn’t get upset because all of my friends were there, so I went to another room (not alone FYI haha) and got ridiculously drunk. I still replay that horrible moment he looked at her, then back at me over and over in my head. I could cry about it everytime I think about it. I’ve been to psychotherapy since then which didn’t really help. It still crops up in my mind every now and then. I’m only just starting to feel ok within myself again. I know he didn’t cheat on me or try to hurt me on purpose. He claims that it was an impulsive thing - he knew he really shouldn’t look so it made him want to look more. He apologised. But unfortunately this girl is also a colleague of mine and it stings everytime I see her. It just felt shit on top of my doubt that we’d last through 2019 and everything else that had gone on.   I then found out that he’d started following a Tumblr profile of a 19 year old girl after I’d ask him specifically not to do that. Her account name was even ‘just-pictures-of-me’. It was like he was completely taking the piss out of me. He claimed he ‘didn’t notice her age’ and ‘just follows anything that might have shared a post that he liked’. He saw how upset I was and deleted his Tumblr account, so at least I knew he was actually sorry for making me feel bad. I also found out that he’d lied to me about ordering pizza when I was not home. He’s got diabetes and he’s overweight so I try to encourage him to eat healthy. One time he literally looked me in the eyes and promised me had told me the truth about what he’d eaten, when I knew he was lying. I couldn’t give a shit about the fact he’d had pizza, but promising me something that wasn’t true made me completely doubt my trust in him. I told him I knew he was lying and he apologised. Unfortunately I have lost some trust in him due to these things happening.  My faith in us was at an all time low at this point. My confidence in myself had been shot to shit, which I now realise is a product of his behaviour towards me. Whilst he has never been nasty to me, I felt like I was really not in the relationship I deserved. Then, around one month ago, he was in a lecture at uni about kids with learning needs. The lecturer had ADHD and been diagnosed as an adult. My partner said it was like listening to a story about his life. He went private and got diagnosed pretty quickly. Everything suddenly makes so much sense. We are so fortunate he was in the right place at the right time. Suddenly all of the frustration re: not doing chores, lack of attention towards me whilst he hyper focuses on other things, lack of time management skills all make SO MUCH SENSE. Thankfully this has given me some sort of hope that our relationship will last after all. Slowly I have also learnt to love myself again. I have started listening to Melissa Orlov’s books and realise the issues we were having were due to his ADHD. This has honestly been such a huge fucking relief. We are working on putting some strategies in place so I can help him be more organised. Recently he discovered that he had clashed two important dates and therefore won’t be able to attend a friend’s wedding with me. I was so much less upset than I would have been prior to his diagnosis, because I know he can’t help it and he would never do it on purpose to hurt me. Luckily he has listened to all of my concerns. We’ve just been on a short break together (prior to starting meds) and he was so much more attentive and loving this time.   So this week he started Xaggitin. He feels that it’s working so far. I know this won’t magically solve everything but it gives us some hope that things will get better. Did anyone here notice a difference in their partners when they started taking their meds? What has your experience been like?
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;Being left on read really bugs me...;;;I guess it wouldn’t feel so bad if we wasn’t in a long distance relationship right now because that’s our only way of communicating text and calls and when I see him posting selfies while he left me on read how the fuck am I supposed to feel..!!??
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Need a sanity check and some support;;;We just moved into our new place and it's a mess. Boxes everywhere, half unpacked because of work the landlord still needs to do, and it's making me feel crazed and frustrated. Meanwhile, I'm working from home full days while my ADHD partner is currently out of work.  I asked him early on to tend to the house while I worked but so far that's been a bit of a bust. He makes some headway and then just stops, for whatever reason, and he's said a few times now that he's struggling to stay on task when he's not interested in the task. This means that he winds up focused and fixated on organizing non-common areas like his stuff in the basement or running errands we only sort of need to be ran right now. He can't find a tool he needs to put something up so rather than look diligently through every box, runs out mid-day to buy a new tool. Meanwhile, I'm trying to work but the dogs are barking like crazy and I can't focus.   I did all the things I'm supposed to do. I made a to-do list in priority order, I explained to him that while I work I need him to do x, y, and z and when I'm done working, I can help. I remind him if something he wants to do isn't a priority and to refocus energy on something else. If I sit down for even just a minute to take a mental break, he's right next to me also sitting or laying down. If I stop moving, he stops moving.   I'm so frustrated and worn out minding him while trying to work at the same time and it's exhausting me while already living in a house half moved into. I need help, I need encouragement, I need not to scream in his face.
06d1e39bb9cbad6bda578705dec0213e00226bbf3a0af2e2726c1bc5c5df1eda;;;One day in my life...;;;Hey all, I just found this sub, I hope this is the right place for a partner of an adhd person to find some support. I apologize in advance for the negativity, today has been especially bad and I need to vent. I also apologize for the wall of text. I have a lot on my chest! No idea if anyone will make it thru the end but if you do thanks. Tdlr in the last paragraph.   I lurked a bit in the adhd sub but that was actually pretty frustrating for me as it seems a lot of posts were rather self indulgent ("oh I went to check an adress on the internet and came back three hours later after having browsed 17 different websites, isn't that cute?") and failed to acknowledge the effect it could have on their partner (who probably was picking up the slack for these three hours, not for the first time...).  Anyways, I just wanted to share my day of suffering at the hands of my adhd partner.   Day started at 7 am with shouts of "oh nooooo" and full blown hysterics. Partner just realized they had left their backpack in the car and forgot once again to lock said car. We live in a country where it is just not possible to leave stuff in cars parked in the street, and even less forget to lock the doors, so of course the backpack was gone with its content, credit cards, driving licence, thumb drives with scans of all our official papers (passport, visas, social security, you name it...). Cue panic attack of partner in front of the kids, when they need to get ready for school etc...in the end partner blames stupid car lock mechanism and "things being crazy when they pick up the kids and come back home" for leaving car open. (Partner does some occasional freelance work, kids are in daycare and school and we have a maid 4 days a week for all day... Partner just has to drop kids off and pick up, get groceries and cook light dinners or get takeout. Partner is NOT overworked.)   7.45 : I manage to get partner to calm down, after all its not the end of the world, we get on our way, drop kids off etc...  8.30 ish : on the way partner drives and almost runs over a man. Man was walking and about to cross the street quietly at a perfectly legitimate walkway and partner completely ignored him until it dawned on me that partner had not seen the highly visible, slow moving tall man until I screamed and partner stopped suddenly, almost hitting the person. Partner is flustered and swears it is the previous cars fault for not slowing down and partner just followed the car without seeing the person.  8.50 :Partner realizes they forgot their phone at home.  9: we arrive at my work. Partner comes with me to use the facilities and the internet (for circumstantial reasons we don't have internet at home at the moment and my place of work is super friendly and OK for that so it's cool) . Still it's always stressful for me to have partner there because partner has a hard time behaving in a work appropriate way.  9.05: i install partner in a meeting room with instructions to not come get me every five minutes. We have open space offices and I have my whole team around.  9.15: Partner comes to remind me to do something completely non urgent and not work related. I gently remind partner that I am busy.   9.40: Partner needs to borrow my phone to make calls.   10: When I go pick up copies I notice a pair of glasses forgotten near the copy machine. Partners glasses of course.  12. 30: we have lunch. Colleague introduced himself to partner. Makes small talk and asks partner what they are doing. Partner launches into long rambling unclear convoluted answer, does not ask a single question. Colleague looks politely horrified and excuses themselves. I am mortified.  4: I have to leave work early to go to the bank with partner in order to replace stolen bank cards (we both need to be there and show ID, very strict and old fashioned bank processes). I have a lot to do and will need to work from home in the evening to make up for it.  On the way partner tells story of how the client for current freelance job is mad at them, and according to partner expressed themselves so badly that partner completely misunderstood what was expected and is now probably late to deliver the proper expected results. Somehow partner gets into a lot of these. For some reason partner fails to realize that the only common element between all these people unable to get their meaning across is partner.   4.30: we are at bank. Apparently partner has a hard time to punch same pin code twice.  5: we leave bank. I look horrified as partner completely misses the turn to get kids from school. Oh, partner had forgotten about kids and was heading home.  5.05 : we turn around and get the kids.  5.20 : we fight in the car. I am so fed up with the whole thing and beg partner to be a little more mindful because I am sick and tired to suffer from partner chronic distraction and lack of attention. Partner is in complete denial and claims there is nothing wrong with their behavior and we all forget things sometimes, reminds me of the one time when we had to turn around because I realized I forgot my sunglasses at restaurant. I recap the day to partner and point out that partner failed to take responsibility for any of the fuckups of the day, blaming someone or something else every time. Partner gets angry and asks on whose team I am. I feel bad for lack of support but honestly with partner in one's team, one does not need enemies. I am tired of suffering the consequences of partner acting like a brainless moron, even though partner is a smart and kind adult who I usually love dearly.  8: I am depressed and using reddit as a shoulder to cry on. The word divorce is all over my head, but how does one explain they left a kind, devoted partner because they could not deal with forgetfulness and inability to follow thru with anything? Yet it's slowly but surely killing us.  TDLR: a very bad day when partner gets backpack and wallet and important papers stolen, almost kills a man, probably fails another freelance job, and generally behaves like blubbering idiot they are not while denying there is anything wrong and failing to take any responsibility for their actions.
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;I don’t know how much more I can take;;;So my bf has ADHD and we are in a long distance relationship and it’s starting to annoy me now because we had made plans for him to come to my country in February and now the plans have changed because he said apparently we never arrange that!  Now I’m mortified.  It’s like he’s not even trying to save money he just keeps buying games and pizza every weekend and other things.   Long distance relationship aren’t supposed to be forever but at the rate he’s going I will be in one with him for about 10 fucking years! When I told him that wasn’t the plan he got annoyed at me.  To be honest lately everything is getting to me from the empty promises to the no effort to the forgetting to call me back. This whole week has been absolutely horrendous for me and Iv tired to speak to him and all he can say is that I’m stretching this.   I think today I’m done I’m gonna have to end it we don’t talk about our future he doesn’t make any effort to see me or to even spend time with me on the phone and I can’t take it anymore he needs to realise I have a lift too
c48bbc679e54bc61d8ff3f3e8cc31a63fc2a63026b638fb1899862aa9d10ab1e;;;Advice for HSP/empath/ twin flame partners of ADHD partner;;;Hey all, just wondering if anyone here has any advice on how to manage being an empath/HSP when you have an ADHD partner? I feel almost every strong emotion my partner has (usually pain in throat or back, but also racing thoughts, teary etc) which is both a blessing and a real struggle sometimes. I love feeling him in such an intimate way but when he loses control/ gets heightened so do I. It's like we're mirrors and it can be so tiring! It's like I have ADHD sometimes too haha. I just get so emotional for like a split second, bawling my eyes out about something small (while he's seething) then 5 mins later be fine. I don't want to detach from this gift but I just feel so out of control sometimes with it. He's 38M, diagnosed non meds btw.  Ps I've only had this empathic gift with him ! Never had any experience with it before so relatively new.  Tia
47b20a43cd661905730876a048d1e6d0e9c226e61f1480076ded22c35f607fb9;;;ADHD and fatherhood;;;Hello,   My husband is going to be a father for the first time in October (and I'll be a first time mum) and I'm curious for those who have ADHD partners that are dads, step dads etc. What made the transition easier for you or what can I expect from my partner in parenting and dealing with ADHD. He is undiagnosed and unmedicated. Presenting issues are hyperfocuses/ not spending time or giving attention and lack of follow through on tasks. Thanks so much , I'm really hoping to make this a positive and easy transition for both of us and chickpea (baby)
d2f0a41985ac053fdd5d4cc5edb896e54fc50404839daf2fd5fb02fc213809da;;;My boyfriend hits himself when his very frustrated and i don't know how to help;;;He was diagnosed recently with ADHD and possibly Asperger (witch its not confirmed) after two years of constantly going everywhere seeking from help. Getting diagnosed was a big relief for both of us, but at this point he was pretty exhausted from all of this. For context im the only one who supports him. He lives with his mother and sister, and everyone ignores him. Even being diagnosed and explaining that to all of his family members and friends did nothing. And the thing is that we need money for treatment and neither of us have it. We are unemployed because the economic situation of our country is awfull. So the only one that pays for his treatment will be his mother, who complains about it everytime and who also my boyfriend gets triggered by because she and his father were psychologically abusive with him as a child.  With all this i hope you understand what i mean by he being exhausted about seeking help. For him implies his mother complaining and him feeling even awfull.  So, all this being said, i wanted to know if someone knows how to help with this episodes of big frustration and hitting because i want to get better about it until we can get proper help. When he is in crisis i grab him by the wrists tightly to stop him from hitting his head and try to ground him using my voice, and telling him that all its okay. Eventually he will stop, but i want to find a better method if possible.  Sorry if its too long and if i expressed myself badly. English is not my first language.
81e0df486d5409dcfdb4c8ac3deeface54134e8a3e15c0c00e200cca6008d911;;;Please Help, I Feel Stuck and I Don't Know What to Do;;;I can't believe this sub exists. I'm so happy to have found you all because I don't know what to do and I'm hoping you all can help.   I've been with my now husband 9 years. We found out in the middle of dating he has ADHD. I didn't think much of it the time. It wasn't until we moved in together and subsequently married that I realized how difficult this all is.  I love him so very much, but I'm at my wit's end with all the ADHD symptoms.   First and foremost, the chore situation. We both have full time jobs so I feel like we both need to put 50% into chores. Getting him to do them is like pulling teeth. He WANTS to pull his weight and do his chores, but he has this internal battle where the choice he makes is typically playing video games or sleeping all the time.   Second, he doesn't know how to clean up after himself. Just last night we got home and instead of putting his shoes in the shoe sorter he puts them right in front of the door where I almost trip over them.  In social situations he'd rather sit on his phone in a room all by himself and scroll through Tumblr than have a conversation with people that have been in his life and accepted him, meaning they love him and want him to participate. These aren't strangers.  We did a bucket list trip last month and he complained the entire time. He claimed to be having a good time, which would have fooled me considering how miserable he acted.   He's so kind and smart I don't WANT to leave him, but I feel like a nagging mother and that I have a child instead of a partner. Any tips? Next steps? Books? Has couple's therapy helped? What do I do to stop this fighting and unhappiness? I'm so depressed and don't know what to do. Any help would be appreciated.
42bc6aeb50805c9b499be3a37501b54bf92177995d61bff41fe4a53702ff36c9;;;Non ADHD after the breakup with ADHD partner;;;Hey guys,  I literally just broke up with my ADHD girlfriend that was sufferting also from Anxiety and had depression before. We stayed together for about 1/5 years.  Typical story where the first 6 months were amazing (the best) and after i started realizing the excessive talking and inattentive listening. Then we started with the fights. Fighting about things that didnt matter at all, just stuff that she came up with blaming me for things that i didnt do, not acknowledging all the help i was putting in place in order to maintain the relationship stable.  Felt also that i was the only pillar holding the relationship together, that I had to do everything, almost all the chores and all that.  She was taking meds but I think the doctor was giving her depression meds, and the ADHD wasnt being treated. That´s what i felt anyways.  Then recently, she had one of those impulsive hurtful comments that not even my worst enemy would say it to me and I feel like people should be responsible for the shit they say regardless of any issues. That one broke my heart in a way that i´ve never imagined.  I have never loved anyone as I love her, but I made the decision to end because i felt i lost the values of who I AM. I lived the last 2 years of my life emotionally supporting her, but I felt like I had very little support back and in my humble opinion, relationships should be equal compromise from both parts.  Now im feeling like shit, guilty and still very unhappy. Anyone has been through this to let me know how long until I start feeling better ?  Thanks,
01c9f7cdc66e2d4e2856861285ee7eedff550e1392fa798208559e196364ad28;;;ADD Husband lying or not lying? I don't know what's true anymore.;;;Hi all,  As some of you know I've struggled with my Husbands stories changing from one time to another. I feel that it's reached new levels or maybe I'm just becoming obsessed by it.  I wanted advice and to see if anyone else had gone through this.   My Husband was talking about someone from his past and how often he used to message them. He said it used to be every couple of weeks it turned out it wasn't it was in fact roughly every week. Now this isn't the problem as I know he has time lapses, everyone does. But he then went on to say I didn't remember it being like that and that if they had messaged him constantly for a week a few years ago he would remember due to the frequency of the messages. I flat out refused to believe that as I'm sure nobody can remember how often someone text them 4 years ago.  The idea that someone would remember this that many years ago doesn't seem right.  So I then asked him if one of his friends messaged him for a whole week recently and he said no,  I then had to prove to him that he did just so my Husband would believe me that logically speaking you wouldn't remember something insignificant like that as you get distracted and are busy with other stuff throughout the week.  He also likes to tell me he remembers things 100% Now I'm one of these people that does generally have a good memory and if you say you remember a 100% it's a given. But he says it about unrealistic things. He said 100% what he remembers doing and what he doesn't remember doing sexually with his ex partner of 5 years ago. Again how can you remember such specifics from first date till the point you guys broke up? Finally he's agreed today that although he doesn't remember it he supposes he can't be a 100% sure. And that's the thing I don't want him to be a 100% sure, I just don't want him to tell me he is when you physically can't be about things like that from that many years ago cause then it makes me have really bad anxiety that he's lying to me on purpose.  Also I'm sure he doesn't do this anymore but when we used to argue years ago he would download porn and then delete it. He used to openly watch porn which again had no issue with but I never understood why he'd delete the stuff he'd downloaded if we had argued. He said he'd just download it as a comfort and to make himself worthless but would then delete it cause he felt stupid and embarrassed.   Anyone else going through any of the above?
1afcd23a38395a6b14bf88ad9e80a17644365a64f1668df6f2fe3798a270363a;;;How do you all deal with gas lighting-like experiences?;;;My partner lives with ADHD and bipolar disorder. Often times when we have arguments or even calm chats or discussions, she begins to get lost or off track, and says/argues things that she doesn't really mean. Often times she describes being unable to remember these things afterwards, but in the moment she will defend them and go down the rabbit hole for as long as I let her. What makes it extra difficult is that she is really resistant to having this pointed out at the time, and it can be really difficult to tell when its happening. The result often is that we spend a lot of energy processing and navigating feelings and statements that later turn out to not be relavant to the discussion at hand, or arguing over points that she doesn't believe.   Example: Today we were having a discussion about strategies for dealing with some auditory triggers that lead to her feeling agitated or hyper focused.  I asked if we could talk about my experience with that, and she got defensive. We took space, which is pretty normal for us, but when I got back she reengaged with what she needed and did not mention my needs. When I restated them, she got agitated and said that they weren't relevant, and began to argue why I shouldn't state those needs. This is pretty antithetical to the expectations in our relationship, and when I pointed that out she got more frustrated. After taking a bunch of space she was able to validate that that was unfair and hurtful, but that took several hours to get to that point and by then I was pretty run down and hurt.  I guess my question is: Do any of y'all experience this with your partners and how do you handle it? It can feel pretty gaslighty, even though I trust that she is not doing it intentionally or with malice. It often prolongs our arguments and leaves me using a great deal of energy processing feelings from her and defending myself from things that the next day turn out not to matter.
0a72b2605a15c965da21946d61fe7e9fa3f0f40983a264629997ec32e3d227d1;;;How do couples equally split finances who aren’t married and have separate bank accounts but still live together? Any tips would be helpful!;;;So my partner and I have been living together for 4 years and we’ve had issues at times when it comes to finances. We have both learned to tame our spending habits mostly and throughout quarantine I’ve been doing my best to save money and save some of the unemployment money I have because I still haven’t been able to find a job the past 7 months since everything went crazy with covid. My partner works from home and hasn’t been affected too much financially by covid like I have. He’s even been busier as of recent and over quarantine has spent lots of money on his new hobby of EDC gear/protective gear/emergency gear. I myself have even went in financially on a purchase of emergency food rations and some gear in case of earthquakes, fires, anything bad really because I think it’s smart to be cautious/preventative since everything is very unpredictable right now and we’ve never had an emergency kit before so I agreed.   Anyways, since I had been making alittle more on unemployment, I said it was okay at first for a few months while his income was low for him to only pay me half rent+utilities and he could forego paying for food stuff because at the time in March/April/May he had a slight dip in his usual work. All normal because he’s a freelancer. He even received the stimulus as well and so did I. So we have been paying rent and normal stuff all this time and as of June I started asking him to pay me for food stuff and any house supplies we usually would go through(cleaning supplies,toiletries). He agreed and said yes and for me to give him receipts. I said okay and kept forgetting honestly because everything was so chaotic at our house due to family drama and I kept putting off the task. Also we had been fighting a lot and there had been a lot of silence in between the fights so trying to asking him for money he owed me felt like pulling teeth and ripe for an argument so I didn’t mention it. I’ve periodically mentioned it twice now since June and he said okay yeah no problem.   Today I tell him there’s a box of receipts on the counter and that we could go through them together and pick out what he owes. ( I was thinking of highlighting common purchases of food/supplies we both pay into to make it easier and to add to all the amounts on the bottom so he knows exactly what he owes and has to do no math, I didn’t say that at the time). So I leave to go drop off some packages and come back a few minutes later and he is all stressed out and is rubbing his head. I ask what’s wrong and he says nothing is wrong even though he clearly is bothered and stressed out looking by his body language. Even the tone of nothing said more than nothing. Anyways I tell him that he can tell me whatever is bothering him. I ask him if it’s about the receipts thing and he says no. Then gets up a few minutes later from the table and asks for a ballpark and I said around $300-400 over the past few months. He got irritated and walked away calmly and then told me to put receipts on his desk the day of when I go shopping from now on.   My partner has historically not been interested in what feels like making a home feel and function like a home. There’s been times over the years where I’ve had to argue why we both use something. I usually end up paying for more when it comes to bills and things because he doesn’t feel the need to contribute or he likes to pass the responsibilities on me even though he’s seen me struggle with it all and hasn’t offered to help financially when I’ve been down as often as I have for him over the years. I’m a giving person and I can’t help it. I hate asking for things because when I have in the past I’ve been questioned on the validity of things and it bothers me because I feel like I truly don’t buy bullshit on unnecessary things all the time or waste money. I’ve actually been trying to save money because I don’t know what the future will hold for me as of a job, career, health and I just want to be prepared for the shit storm that has already been ensuing with covid.   Am I the asshole for asking that my partner pay for his half of the food and supplies when consumed over the past few months since June? I know this isn’t the r/AITA sub but my partner and I have had issues when it comes to splitting finances. I come to him and tell him what I’ve spent and he gets upset. I pay for things and then ask for half and he gets annoyed and pays. It’s not every time but often enough over the years to make me feel like he wouldn’t pay me if I didn’t mention it. He acts selfish at times and doesn’t want to share but expects me to always share and it’s kind of annoying.   Does anyone have any good tips for dealing with this behavior and communication for talks about finances and necessary purchases?
45f637c368eabd3edf5c22f97fdca933bbcf91b9685f172c9e2b0152f56f1166;;;Anyone with ADHD grow distant from their partners without consistent intimacy?;;;Not sure if it's an ADHD thing, but I start to view my partner as a friend when we arent intimate regularly (not just sexually--any sort of romantic closeness).
e86dbc8a0934ca3d5dffddda023c721035c10c762c1bae94b42d2b4ace5b896e;;;Advice/guidance, pls?;;;Hey all! Seeking a bit of advice/guidance. For context, my boyfriend (24) is officially diagnosed with ADHD and unofficially with autism/autistic tendancies, and I (23) have OCD, anxiety and depression and suffer from quite extreme mood swings and emotional instability (what a pair, huh?).  We've been together a year and we love each other a lot. However, we keep having very similar arguments over and over and it's making us quite upset. The arguments are often around my boyfriend's need for 'alone time'. Basically, because of his ADHD and aspie tendencies, he gets quite exhausted by social interaction (even with me) and often needs to spend a fair amount of time alone. I, however, am the opposite; I crave being with him whenever I can. At the moment, we see one another a few times a week and sleep at each other's twice a week. Quite often, when we've been hanging out but there was no plan for me to sleep at his, I'll want to stay over. He finds this quite difficult when we haven't planned it and often says no. Because of my emotional instability and anxiety/depression issues, this can make me really upset and angry and I sometimes end up self harming. I see other couples spontaneously deciding to spend the night together and this not being an issue and, honestly, it makes me jealous.   So, I was just wondering if any of you have had similar issues or can give any advice about how to handle this? Any tips for learning not to take it is so personally when your partner doesn't want to spend time with you? Any tips for aspie people on how to better cope with spontaneity and spending more time with their partners?
e8222527de483fef7fbcf623db99d25ee96e983cf4c68e694779c10718aa14f3;;;New habit;;;My ADHD husband has been battling with remembering to lock the front door and turn off the oven for years. Just last night we talked openly in a non judgemental way, and I told him I just don't know/ when/ why certain things stick and become a habit and others don't. He mentioned that he's been working on the oven " turn off habit" by visualizing himself turning it off, over and over, and that helped him remember to do it this week. If this is how new habits can be formed, I think this is extremely important! I share with you in case it helps your ADHD partner.
c94bd35cde3787bcfec05bcc472307efd772a2cf47c377c6adba732b742594a0;;;How many of you have a female ADHD partner?;;;I joined this sub a long time ago and only occasionally read though it. I can sympathize with a lot of you in here and your struggles with your partner. But I’m not seeing a whole lot of people who have a female AHDH partner. I know it’s under diagnosed in women and even then it’s hard for most of them to accept. But the behaviors are so different I’m finding it hard to get much information or  resources on the topic.  We were having a lot of problems before Covid and only starting to work on looking for a new marriage counselor (we have had 3 different ones, the first two didn’t pick up on it and the third had zero idea how to handle any sort of therapy and was just charging us for what felt like essentially talking to your moms friend who took a psych course in college). Now marriage counseling is almost impossible to find and those that have any background in ADHD are solidly booked. We have been on a waiting list for 5 months now.  Idk. I’m just looking for some support and that’s probably why I’m posting here. Any advice?
831248320b1b6338171560e51f4fabbaa2dcc988d51ea0d372fe92da4db65967;;;My ADHD partner's irresponsibility is driving me crazy.;;;My partner (non-medicated, self-diagnosed) had the responsibility of arranging a service for a life-changing event that's happening next week for us.  He had MONTHS to try and figure it out. Months. I repeatedly reminded him and asked him if we (not him) could "look into that thing this week". Every week, I'd get the same response, some kind of excuse, and half-assed reassurance that "yes, I'm gonna do it this week". It never happened.  We are now a few days out and obviously ran out of time. On top of that, we have found out that this service is going to cost WAY MORE than we had expected. Which has put us in a very stressful situation.  Anyway, I don't know how to cope. I am very angry for it having taken so long, and that now that's it *do or die* we're left with barely any choices and all this unnecessary stress simply because he chose to postpone his duties.  I understand that it's hard for ADHD sufferers to get things done and such, but come on. This not only affects him, but our entire future as well.  How can I let go of the anger and be there to support him in these difficult times? I'm finding it very hard.  Has anyone been in a similar situation before?  TIA
b0349092ca5f2083f9cebb0267fc845ff151550300e61f066812ff106e53d64b;;;Ate bread for dinner again. Need advice;;;My (31f partner (27m) is undiagnosed but I strongly suspect he has it because he has all the symptoms. I think his mother and/or father have it too because they also strongly exhibit symptoms and have normalized them for him.  I’m eating dinner rolls for dinner tonight again because it’s his turn to cook dinner and he’s forgotten and has also forgotten to look at his phone so he hasn’t seen my texts and calls. I’m feeling sick tonight (I’m taking antibiotics) and getting really hungry and annoyed. This happens all the time.  When we first met 2 years ago I thought he just had a lateness problem. I asked him to just let me know when he was running late, it didn’t matter as long as I knew and he struggled to even do that. He’s had the electricity/internet turned off at his place because he forgot to pay the bill. He’s paid his taxes late every year (and I mean late on the extension). His friends have told me they do the thing where they invite him earlier than the actual time so he’ll be on time. And honestly, for the longest time I thought he was just being a dick and selfish. But I started to pay closer attention.  I literally watched him all day once. Watched him want to get started doing things and be thoroughly unable to, and I started looking up symptoms of adhd. We have talked on several occasions about what he thinks his difficulties are (at first I didn’t mention adhd but then I gradually started to bring it up) and he thinks he has a lot of the symptoms. He’s unable to keep his apartment clean, focus at work, pay his bills on time, keep up his end of our mutual responsibilities. It’s frustrating. I am a super punctual person who tries to be efficient and not waste time when I don’t need to.  So why am I still here? Well other than this he’s a fantastic partner. Kind, empathetic, loving, a great listener. He’s the best partner I’ve had. And sometimes for a few days the timeliness and responsiveness gets better, and I get hopeful, but inevitably it goes back to the way it was. We’re just dating and live separately but I worry about our future together. Maybe I’m a dumbass for staying.  I asked my therapist for some names of some therapists specializing in adhd and passed them onto him but he hasn’t done anything yet. He says he doesn’t want to be hounded and badgered. I guess I’m asking - should I just cut my losses and leave? Is it worth continuing to gently nudge him to see a doctor or therapist? I’m just at a loss here.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;"I don't need to focus today";;;My BF(29M) and I(29F) both had ADD. He was diagnosed as a child and aside from a short period of time using Adderall in high school, has never used medication. He admits that he was probably taking too high of a dosage back then and hated how it made him feel like a robot. I was just diagnosed 3 months ago and have been taking Adderall daily since my diagnosis.   After discussing my near debilitating irritability each night when my meds would start to wear off, my doctor bumped my dosage up from 2 10mg pills a day to the option of 2.5/3 pills a day. I did not want to make my come-and-go insomnia any worse so I opted for a half pill in the evening.   This left me with about 15 unused pills for the month as the cannot give half pills. I asked my BF if he'd like the extra pills I would not be using for himself and he said he would. Please do not judge us as I know this potentially an ethical gray area.   On Christmas Day we were headed to his mothers house and I noticed him watching me take my first pill of the day. I had just refilled the script and asked him if he took all the ones I'd given him. He said he had used them all and was taking a half of one every day to get through work. I asked if he would like a half of one at that moment. He said no because he "didn't have anything he needed to focus on today".   I was fine with that in the moment and went on having a perfectly lovely day. As time goes on though, his response is really bothering me a lot. I hate the underlying sentiment, that his family, his friends, everyone and everything in his life that are not his 9-5 job are not worthy of focusing on. That we are not important enough to pay attention too.   It's really making me more upset the more I think about it. Maybe it's because Adderall has helped me with social issues I've had more than anything else, I don't see how he cannot find the value in being able to focus on your personal life as much as your professional one.   With the sentiment of me not being important enough to focus on in my head, I shamefully regressed to a version of myself I haven't really seen since going on medication upon waking up this morning.   Without going into details, there are a couple problems we have had from the start of our relationship that haven't really improved despite *m-a-n-y* discussions, fights, heart-to-hearts, etc. This morning, it was a fight after little sleep and early mornings for us both.   Part of this issue is that he really struggles to "speak his truth". (EG: He donated an air filter to his mother because he was incapable of simply telling her he brought it over for the day, not forever).   The other part seems to revolve around his views on the importance of his personal life. It's like he knows when he is messing up and it upsets him but he doesn't see it as worthy of taking steps to improve in the same way he does with work.   Don't get me wrong, he is generally wonderful and has improved tremendously over the years in the way of listening and keeping up with day to day tasks and important events. But these couple of topics that haven't improved can really negatively impact our relationship at times.   I love him dearly but find myself consistently dissatisfied with these couple areas in our relationship. I am ashamed with myself for how I acted this morning but I also no I get that worked up at odd moments because I am *so damn tired* of having this same cycling issue that never gets better in the slightest.   I know he cares. I know he cares a lot. I have no idea how to instill it in his head that this issue is important to resolve for our relationship to be life long. I have said all this too him in a variety of ways and it still isn't clicking. He is so sweet overall that I can't even stay upset with him for long which doesn't help get the severity of the situation across.  I just don't know what to do about this.   TLDR: ADD BF takes Adderall (given from my own prescription) for work but does not see his personal life as equally important to focus on. It's making me see some ongoing issues we have in a new light and upsetting me that he he'd rather keep on forgetting all our talks than take us as seriously as his work.
98a94d05862e3022a9217f33ae58cc9208a3e4a507b78511ec43bddc8f656fe9;;;Book recommendations about ADHD?;;;My boyfriend isn't officially diagnosed with ADHD, but has a lot of the symptoms. Does anyone have any recommendations on general books about ADHD? We are also looking for a books dealing with ADHD in relationships. Thanks!
90b84193024cadc24d851aaa6c50573e65f9609790b08a4cbcb68e871d0f6eb3;;;My diagnosed partner thinks I’m manipulative and controlling...;;;My partner was diagnosed recently. He’s been on adderall for about a month, and his concentration has gotten significantly better!   I manage a lot of things for the both of us, such as doctors visits, prescriptions, household chores, driving anywhere (Only I have a car and a license).   Sometimes he has self-destructive tendencies, especially if he’s cranky/in a bad mood from work or not getting enough sleep. He’ll play video games and watch tv until like 4 am, watch YouTube videos, not get out of bed all day, and not want to do any of our usual activities (going for a walk/run, go out for dessert, etc). I don’t know if this is specifically related to his ADHD, but it happens. When he’s cranky, I usually try to coax him to do something different to get him out of his rut.  Well, it happened again last night and today. This time, he accused me of being controlling and manipulative, and admitted that he’s felt like that this whole week. We had a plan of going out to a coffee shop (with our masks on of course!) for an hour or two. So I tried to get us to stick to our original plan, but he kept getting more upset that I was telling him to do something he didn’t want to do. I don’t think I was being particularly forceful, but I understand how he could have felt like that.   During this, I stepped out of the house because I was really upset and I needed some space to calm down and think. He got really upset because he was worried about me and he also said that “it’s a way of controlling him because I know he can’t get anything done or get out of this mood if I leave since he’s so dependent on me”   Not sure what to do. We have a follow up soon with the doctor though. Has anyone experienced anything similar? I’d appreciate any advice!! I’m also worried if this might be a side effect or something. He refused his medication this morning...
58a3167c81b45d679acaf56fe295e19328a8b91052455eb90c334d5f6316aef6;;;Large emotions with adhd in a relationship;;;I have ADHD (20m) I’m on Adderall and Wellbutrin. I’m dating a man(30y) who is the most understanding and kind person. One of the problems we have is when I get upset over something little my brain pushes it out of proportion and it ruins my day and ends up dragging him down with me. Does anyone have any tips for ADHD and dealing with emotions?
8c91bb1177795247d7d7c069d720bc3468e8793f6ab7b8d8da2a26767d33ae3f;;;I (F.27) think my boyfriend (29) has ADD, looking for experiences.;;;Hi all,  Me and my boyfriend live together in an apartment we bought and are together for 4 years. Ive been reading alot about ADD and im pretty sure he has it. Even he thinks so..  Now my question is. Can you please share your experiences on living with an ADD partner?  I'm a very emotional and talkative person. My boyfriend is the opposite. And next to that i miss something in our relationship but I do love him alot.   I think it has to do with not showing alot of interest. Me organizing everything literally and reminding him of everything. He is lazy.. and if he heard me lol.. he takes forever to reply.
ba45e69b3cb8067d5949811cbaaa39a4488d9b6a069fca0a6ea77927a9d2c599;;;Wedding photos;;;I got married to my ADHD partner in March. Prior to us marrying, he was a widower. Because he has a large family (I don't), he wanted to purchase a bigger wedding package that what I wanted, so we did and split the cost. The package included 125 wedding photos, which came out lovely.  For 7 months now, I've asked ***repeatedly*** for us to sit down and select which photo will be our signature couple photo to hang up, which pictures will go into a photo album and which pictures will go to family/friends--some who traveled for hours to attend our wedding.  Long story short, the wedding photos are still on a flash drive 7 months later. This, coupled with the fact that last week he said he wanted to post a social media tribute on what would have been his wedding anniversary to his late wife (I put my foot down and said that was not acceptable) makes me feel like I'm not very important to him. (I also had to ask him to take down his wedding photo with his late wife.)  The last time I brought up the wedding photos, he said they weren't up yet because I hadn't "sat" him down to go over them. He is really special to me and I try to accommodate his needs and wants, so I don't understand why he won't pay attention to our photos. Is this an ADHD thing, or is something else going on?
0fd8771237982f295b7058f6dc2d3d3929cf818ae2b4dfb31ef6c5c4f019720a;;;The Non ADHD person;;;I’m beginning to think I have a unique problem since a web search reveals nothing. So I’m asking here, as a recently diagnosed Inattentive ADHD male in his 50s, because maybe there are people like me after all.  I’ve been with my partner for over two years. She was the one who suggested that I might have ADHD when I was suffering from severe anxiety. She put up with some severe craziness from me and always picked up the pieces and helped me through. I couldn’t possibly love her more.  So here’s the thing: it’s now her turn to expect something from me. She has a crazy workload at the moment and she can’t even delegate or take time off as she’s the only one able to do what she does. Needless to say, she’s stressed. Breaking down crying, unable to eat, visibly shaking stressed. She needs me to step up... and I want to... but I’m failing. I can’t seem to find a way to be there in any effective way for her. I’ve still got all my chaotic stuff going on: lost my job, industrial tribunal, ex threatening me with suicide because I don’t have money for maintenance, but I need to put that aside and be there for her like she’s always been for me.  I try but I don’t do a very good job of it and I feel like hiding myself away rather than deal with her pain. I feel like a little child. It frustrates me that I lack the toolset to help her. She thinks I don’t give a damn about her because I’m not doing enough to help. If only she knew how much I was trying. It must be agony for her to want someone to ease the pain yet watch them fail and sometimes make it worse.  So my question is, since nothing seems to be geared toward helping the person without ADHD, are there any techniques out there to help? We’re both so lost right now.
20d32ec061560e6a868ed14bb6359d94108c400c7020dd6c042ea193b1e720ab;;;A New Initiative;;; Hey everyone,  As we all know, ADHD is a highly stigmatized condition. I believe this stigma comes from a severe lack of empathy and understanding in the general population.  I believe we can use our collective voice to make a difference in how people perceive ADHD. We can bridge the empathy gap by sharing our stories, perspectives, thoughts and beliefs to the world.  That’s why I’ve decided to start a Twitter page, “Break The Stigma - ADHD”, where people affected by ADHD (either directly or indirectly) can anonymously share their stories.  If you would like to support this initiative by sharing your experience (280 characters max), please comment below or privately message me on Reddit or on Twitter @btsADHD  Thank you and have an amazing day!
36ededce94ddc6a13378d19d95b74b4e15f87e8e256279cb3c9f33afae55f447;;;Has anyone seen impulsive sexual desires change after therapy or medication?;;;My husband's biggest Achilles heel (he is DX but not medicated) is that he is hyper sexual and will act on his lizard brain lust, reaching out or meeting online ladies. We even opened our relationship (which has led to greater communication), but he STILL did it without telling me. Literally our one rule is to loop eachother in.   I have put my foot down and said that we keep going through this cycle where he does something, I find out, it hurt me, I forgive him because I know what his struggles are, and then we are ok. He truly is a lovely soul. But then it happens again and I am realizing I am now fucking paranoid and the trust is gone. I hate this version of myself.  He is finally starting counseling. I am so happy. But I keep feeling like I don't know if the hurt and broken trust runs too deep.  Has anyone had a similar situation and seen real change with an intervention? I hate to be skeptical but I know by now that what he consciously says and subconsciously does are two different animals.
7d68709600208579c640d41e1498d4d7f9561bb0d94e3d5e045788a6fa236123;;;Having a hard time lately but today I'm proud of him;;;My ADHD partner is waiting on an official diagnosis so he can begin the heavy lifting of behavior modification therapy and getting his medication dialed in. He's medicated, but I think he's overmedicated. He's barely sleeping, and his focus is still very scattered and all over the place. Right now he's on a new hobby and he's thrown himself in, as they do. He's not great at making new friends but he found a hobby group about an hour away so he went down to hang out with them all day today. That's a big step for him, he has a really hard time sustaining friendships, and this won't be any different because eventually this hobby will also stop being interesting in a couple of months.  He works at home so he barely leaves the house and sometimes I feel kind of stifled but I'm using this time to get caught up on Hobbies of my own. We have a long road ahead of us once the healing actually begins, and if I'm honest for not in a great place but we haven't talked about it lately because of how sensitive he is. Hyper emotion is a very frustrating aspect of ADHD because it feels like I can never really tell him how I'm feeling without hurting his feelings. While things haven't been great for a while, I'm glad that he is stepping outside of his comfort zone to meet up with this group today.  One of the more hurtful parts of this is that I think about him all the time and how this affects him and us but I don't think he thinks of me as often or in the same way. I'm hoping we can turn a corner soon.
661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;ADHD and substances;;;My wife (diagnosed and medicated) has a habit of using a weed vape pen (purchased legally in our state) on a nightly basis, as well as having a drink, or two, or three.  I don't know how concerned I should really be.  Context: She isn't getting drunk every day, but it is beyond the "have a drink or two with dinner to unwind" kind if drink. She also is not a pot head. I'm pretty sure she smokes every night, but as far as I know she doesn't drink or smoke during the day.  Her first drink is around dinner and she won't smoke until after our kids go to bed. It's still EVERY night though. Am I being too uptight and judgemental for having a problem with this?  Do I need to loosen up?  The last time I tried to express my concern about smoking nightly she got super defensive and we had a HUGE argument.   Any perspective on this is helpful.  Thanks all.
60690d25188d0f62a3d619242ac392d44f84a296a778b33d7bb15ba0888a5d14;;;Periodic Post That I am Still Trying;;;When I started to write this, I first re-read my post history. What I realized is that at regular intervals I explain to my wife that the messes, lopsided responsibility, and her clearly not thinking about me makes me feel lonely, unwanted, and uncomfortable. Messes make me feel so anxious! I'm working on that in therapy.  My relationship is like a sine wave. The end of each trough punctuated by me having a very uncomfortable conversation with my wife about how I feel. Then it gets better - for a time.  I was at my wits end again when I talked to my wife yesterday. I thought about what I wanted to say for about a half hour. I'm not sure if I should have said it, but after airing my grievances calmly, I told my wife that "if things don't improve, I am considering moving out." I went on to explain that I have some apartments in mind that I can afford. I told her that isn't what I want, but living in the house with her makes me feel so anxious, uncomfortable, and ultimately lonely. I clarified that I don't want a divorce. I need my home to be a place where I can relax.   I mean what I said, but did I make a big mistake? I love my wife, but I can't see myself spending the rest of my life dealing living with these behaviors. This has been going on for years. And we have been talking about it for years too. I just don't see her making the changes that are necessary. It took almost 6 years of marriage for me to convince her to agree to try medication. I have been begging her to see a ADHD coach or therapist for a couple years now and that hasn't happened.   She says she loves me, but I am very much not convinced. If this is her loving me, I don't want it. I appreciate you all and I have loved the "pro tips" responses in the past, but I've seen those so many times and implemented so much and I still have this problem. I'm mostly looking for advice specific to the question of separating.
77b6845bab320bb876d1271d062998898cc5cde9c3d9c971d475d8129ba0d37e;;;How common is it for people with ADD to have meltdowns and get physical?;;;Bf has undiagnosed ADD, we're positive on this. I feel like I should add that he as a child was the victim of holding therapy, where the parent holds their child firmly until it settles.  I sometimes get extremely sad over things that are not right, like I feel so alone, so emotionally abandoned by his lack of focus, breaking of agreements etc, and sometimes I can't hold it together, and I cry really hard, and he wants to comfort me – until I tell him why I'm crying. He may try to talk about it for a little while, but then when he realizes how massive the problems are, he will first beat himself up, literally banging his hands against his head, or screaming and punching the walls. Then I cry harder, even scream to block out the sounds, because I feel unsafe, and he will grab my arms hard, sometimes try to hold a hand over my mouth to make me quiet. He says he can't control it, it's misophonia, he can't see the rational way out of it because he just can't (with a hint of blaming ADD), but I feel this is just plain violence, and it has left some marks before. It's totally because he can't cope, and sometimes he leaves the room and come back later – only for it to start over again. Sometimes he leaves the room before escalation, but it will 7/10 times escalate to that level. I'm so so tired of being grabbed like that. I say it can't be blamed on ADD or anything else, but am I wrong? Can it? Or should I just stop showing how sad I am (I really don't want that. I was never allowed to show emotions, so this is hard)? Is it trauma from holding therapy that he passes on? I feel he should know better, he should choose genuine comfort as it always works so much better, but he says it's not a choice he has, when it happens, he can't just not do it.
dde478eb372ac8eba046a42254605cdbf34380088f82609eeadb3e9872af3de6;;;I (32/m) am in a LTR with an untreated ADHD partner (41/m);;;The world is a funny place. In the past two years, I've gone from a closeted bi male to being in a long term relationship with a kind and loving person. However, we all have our monsters and baggage. I have PTSD from sex abuse. He has ADHD. Our monsters like to get each other worked up.  I went to therapy and am undergoing treatment. He has been self managed all his life. There are some struggles that I am having and I was wondering if someone on here either has had similar experience or if they've figured out something.  I need a way of being supportive without being condescending.   I need a way of expressing my needs without nagging.  I need a way of making a list of tasks without being critical.   I understand that being critical, condescending, or demeaning is never okay, but like many others this is how I have resorted to in order to get his attention.
a6064742d3a1ead19d253d3ecc1f5b43537c65b83faa3305b84227dbeb20ef5e;;;I understand both DX and non-DX perspective (Emotions);;;So my situation is a bit unique in that I am DX and medicated, but my meds, along with effort, are working incredibly well, to the point that I can almost function at the NT level (with some exceptions).  I want to start out by saying that I understand why everyone here is so frustrated. *It’s incredibly difficult to empathize with your ADHD partner when you’re directly affected by their actions over and over and over again.*  In fact, when I’m medicated, I also see myself judging others and getting angry when they can’t live up to NT standards. For example, a coworker in my team told me that he also has ADHD. Constantly submits his work late, which directly affects me because my work is dependent on his. When I learned of his ADHD, I thought, I should really give him some slack since I know exactly how he feels. But after a year of dealing with it, I grew to resent him, to the point that I just wanted to scream in his face, “WHY CAN’T YOU JUST DELIVER ON TIME? THE WORK IS NOT HARD AND I’VE REMINDED YOU 5 TIMES ALREADY. STOP PROCRASTINATING YOU PIECE OF SHIT”. I would ask for his progress multiple times before the deadline and every time he would say that he is able to deliver. Then, on the due date, he would tell me that he hasn’t finished and needs more time. I am ashamed to admit that I fantasized about choking him (and not in a good way) more than a handful of times.  And these emotions were coming from *me*. A *diagnosed ADHD patient* who is an absolute disaster without meds. In fact, when I’m not taking my meds, I would do the exact same thing. And by "the exact same thing", I really mean exactly the same. When a coworker would ping me asking about the progress on my project, I would confidently tell them I can finish on time (while procrastinating). That is the REALLY terrible thing about the ADHD brain. I wasn’t lying at the time. I really wasn’t. *At the moment, I actually believed I can finish on time*, even though I hadn’t even started the work, because my brain is just so shitty at gauging my own abilities. And then, on the due date, I couldn’t submit it. Why? Because I hadn’t started until the day before it’s due.   You know what’s worse? You would think, at this point, I would feel ashamed and try to learn from my mistakes and stop procrastinating, right? But no. My thought process is somehow entirely different when I’m off my meds. I of course feel shame (on the inside), but I would feel more resentment towards the person scolding me. I would think, what’s the big deal? It’s only going to take a couple more days. Give me a break - I have a mental condition that hinders my executive abilities. Also, you were late last month, too.  As you can see, I was defending my ego by:  * Downplaying the seriousness of my actions * Showing victim mentality and helplessness * Bringing up things that the other person did in the past (“you did it too”)  I honestly don’t know why I do this. In my experience, it’s a natural thing that the ADHD brain tries to do, due to RSD. I don’t even realize I am doing this in the moment because I’m so emotionally heated and I actually believe I’m in the right. It’s not even that “it’s difficult to admit I am in the wrong”. *In that moment, I actually believe I’m justified in my anger and resentment and everything seems so logical*. Laughable, I know. But it's true.  I’ve actually gotten, much, much, better about this, once I begin to realize what I was doing. The key is that the person with ADHD has to actually realize that they do this, and how immature and embarrassing and *dumb* it is. It stings to admit it, but it's a step towards improvement. Then the person has to actually want to change, and make serious efforts. These days, when I’m unmedicated, I still can’t help but feel the above emotions. But the difference now is that I bite my tongue, tell myself to shut up, and own up to my mistakes. Then, at a later time, I think about what I did and pat myself on the back for it.  In my experience, the emotional components (lashing out, blaming others, not taking responsibility, etc.) of ADHD can be managed largely even when unmedicated, if the person realizes what they are doing and puts in serious effort to fix them. It’s easier to work on it when you’re medicated. BUT, even if you’re medicated, these emotional issues won’t automatically fix itself.  I know I have written quite a lot, so I will stop here. I can also write about my findings on the behavioral components of ADHD as well, if anyone is interested.
82d56c6a3735d95ccd69d9a25ad88602840f4796b1f976f294820f0e26ab19da;;;Doctor vent;;;I'm sure you all know that it isn't so easy to get ADHD medication and there are a lot of hoops everyone has to jump through in order to get them.  My husband was diagnosed ADHD maybe 8-10 years ago. Doc has him on methylphenidate. He has to get a Prior Authorization release every year for our insurance company. Doc forgot the first couple years but seems to be ahead of it now.  My husband was on my health insurance until recently. Same insurance company, he just has a different policy now. When I let our pharmacist know, he said right away, "He'd better call the doctor and let him know so they can get his Prior Auth done." which I relayed to my husband.  Husband calls clinic and is reassured that this doesn't need to be done since there is already scripts in place and it is the same insurance company. This was a month ago.  I am sure everyone can see where this is going now. He DID need a new Prior Auth, clinic just put it in and now it is stuck being processed by the insurance company. Hubby is out of meds. Clinic worker just called and was very patronizing saying that they couldn't do anything about it and it was up to the insurance company now. Like he hadn't called a MONTH PRIOR! UGHHHH
82e3797366b400647dd31bdf611526ccc2c67d1918f4f6ebd15f6247febafb3f;;;Put yourself in their shoes;;;I know how easy it is to get annoyed at our partners or loved ones that have ADHD or any form of behavioural issues, but I just wanted to remind everyone on here how amazing they are.   Imagine being them. It must be so hard when they can’t think straight or sleep when they want to or do anything they WANT to do because their mind won’t let them.   This post has no real purpose other than to maybe give us all some perspective cause it’s all too easy to pitty ourselves as the partner when we aren’t the ones that have to fight ourselves everyday.   I’m so proud of my partner. He’s amazing. He is so kind and sweet. I know he’ll probably read this so I just wanted to let you know that I can only try to understand how hard it is and I’m sorry it’s so hard to be you but you’ve got me too.   Hope this helps anyone struggling.
5bb598168dfa2eacf99531314de160448e10d44c795fa415bc13446d2784a726;;;Girlfriend and I are struggling alot, I'm a male with ADHD;;; Hi,  My girlfriend and I have been together for 10 months, this is my first relationship, I love her so much but it has been so hard for us recently as she says she feels like my mother having to remind me of what to do, then if i procrastinate on a decsision, she feels like I don't care. I was recently diagnosed with adhd and have started treatment and I want very much to improve my behaviour, medication has helped alot and I have seen an ADHD coach to help me with reading social cues, staying focused at university, organisation and improving my maturity. Its so hard though because every conversation I have with my girlfriend at the moment is about something I did in the past that was immature, impulsive or I procrastinated on something. I just dont know which way to turn or what to do.
4a2cc7b43bec8d919e8cfb4c1b9671b66c95d7dbe021275fde17bdf1f1568d54;;;my partner (m/29/dx) and I had a spat over the apartment not being clean;;;My partner and I just moved in together and I've begun to notice the big differences between our ways of living; I am far more aware of messes than he is, and I know that part of it is because of his ADHD. He leaves condiments out overnight, and will often start tasks without finishing them (we had a pile of cardboard sitting in our living room for almost a week that he insisted he was going to break down). I am doing my best to be understanding, but I can feel myself being resentful on occasion. This morning I went to clean up our kitchen and I was very frustrated because he'd left all the food out after he made himself (a very elaborate) breakfast, and almost every dish we own was dirty.  I love him so so much, but this is one of those problems that we have to address because it festers. I tried to communicate with him today about it, after I had cleaned the kitchen. I made sure to use "I" language, and I told him "I feel like I end up cleaning up after you a lot of the time, because I feel that I am more aware of the messes than you are. I don't know how to solve this problem by myself."  He asked for some space to think about it, and now he's cleaning up our bathroom, and I feel enormously guilty. I don't want him to think I'm angry with him, just frustrated. I'm someone who is very stressed out by mess. Does anyone have any advice for some tips on how to deal with these kinds of problems? I'm so so happy to finally be living with him, and I don't want something this stupid to get to us.
53d1eb52c404c547c3fb125555d02575c8f527834bb099d5174696c8c69192f2;;;How important is a medication routine?;;;Hi guys, I (23F) have a bf (23M) who is prescribed ADHD medication. His ADHD was diagnosed in elementary school and up until high school, he took it every weekdays, breaking only on weekends. Now as an adult, he skips it OFTEN. It can be for any reason- he didn't wake up at 8am on the dot / he forgot / he doesnt have schoolwork, etc.   This bothers me a lot because he is struggled with his upper education, and it is really affecting our relationship. From being with him for so long, I can tell he's not being truthful to me about the impact of being inconsistent with his medication. At the same time, I don't have much exposure to ADHD irl and I feel it's not going to be a productive conversation to confront him with the generic medical guideline that recommends you must take it daily for good results.   Can some of you share your own experience with medication? And can partners share any similar stories and resolutions?  Thanks :)
bac0898c1ee1035c29438aeb6dca45211477dd389b0b87fd9188f538fa3fe247;;;Apps similar to Love Nudge?;;;I read about Love Nudge on an ADHD article am am interested in similar apps. For those not familiar with Love Nudge, it's basically a nice reminder app that tells partners that their significant other is feeling empty or need attention in a certain aspect of their relationship.   I've tried installing and using Love Nudge multiple times but it gets stuck on the tutorial screen. I emailed the Love Nudge contacts but don't have high hopes for a worthwhile response.  I get that my partner's focus on me when we started the relationship isn't ever going to happen again--- I just want to see if there are any other apps out there that remind him that I exist and that he should maybe pay attention to his spouse.
b52558df350a4d5002a77475f7f12668bca81b1683f23308edcdd0ba83a42877;;;I (DX, 20F) want to be a better partner (19F) but I’m not sure how to do it.;;;So I’m going to be really honest here and try and say all the things that I want to improve on. I have a partner who I love dearly and we’ve been together for almost a year. We live together and overall I’d say our relationship is amazing. She’s the highlight of my day, every day. I want to improve on the division of work because even though she doesn’t say it, I know it’s not a fair divide and I want to change that.   So right now she does a lot of chores. She’s cooks breakfast and dinner everyday and I’d say, 7/10 times, she does all the dishes. I clean the house (vaccum, mop, and disinfecting stuff) usually once a week (I try to do it when she’s out so it’s a nice surprise when she come back). I make our bed every morning while she cooks and if the dishes aren’t done, after I make the bed, I do that.   I really want to be able to cook for her sometimes but the problem is, by the time we have dinner, I’m mid adderall crash and super grumpy and I just want to sit down and play games. If I cook in the morning then it just becomes the she makes the bed so it’s not like she’s getting a break if I do it that way :/   I’m insanely bad at doing laundry, like I’ll put it off for two weeks and when I finally do it I’ll do one load and then forget about it the dryer so it just sits there for days. That makes her feel like she needs to do it but that’s not my intention. I just genuinely forget.  Last thing is I have a big problem with video games. Video games are how I destress. I think this really bothers my gf so I try and limit how much I play when it’s our time to hang out. The problem arises when we watch tv. I can’t for the life of me, sit and watch a show without doing something else so she feels like I don’t want to hang out with her but that’s not the case. I just genuinely cannot focus on the tv without being on my phone or doing something else.   That was a lot but in summary: I need advice on how to better divide chores, how to actually do laundry in a timely manner, and how to watch a show without having to do something else.   Sorry for the long post, I just really need some help and I’d really appreciate the advice :)!
471592293a50dac8a371e817ebbd8d2282ea0af6529061892aa435fed975c08e;;;Existential crisis over leaving for a week;;;My SO (DX) has been in a rut for a while, at one point I suggested me leaving for my parents' for a week in a different state to give him some space; he agreed that might be a good way to practice being accountable for getting certain things done around the house that I normally do. I can't decide if it would be healthy or not (he'd be completely alone for a week and has been going through a period of depression) and may also be procrastinating because I'm diagnosed OCD and have been a bit stressed at the idea of interstate travel during a pandemic.
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Lifestyle Approaches--NT Breadwinner?;;;So, NDX partner is still in denial, but is coming around slowly.   I went part-time at my job, so I could manage the house and home-life responsibilities. It lasted one week, and then husband started fighting me on it.   So, I'm back to full-time. He's back to jumping around for jobs and meaning . He's employed but threatens to quit daily.   So, while we're playing around with "How on earth do we live our life", I'm wracking my brain for options.  Does it seem to go well if the NT partner is the breadwinner? I really wanted my NDX partner to be, because he's brilliant, capable, and it would deal a blow to his ego if he wasn't.   BUT I don't think he believes in his own ability to keep a job. He throws enough tantrums about having to stay at a job, that I'm nearly ready to throw my hands up and let him work whatever nonsense job he wants for 2 months until he finds he new fix.   YET, that drives me insane. Because I will be the dumping ground for his emotions in every transition.   I'm having heart pains now, because of his nonsense. I'm 31 and physically fit, and I thought I was having a legit heart attack last night, because my anxiety about his job stability is being thrown through the roof.   I just don't understand how he can possibly live his life in such a state of cortisol and stress AT ALL TIMES. like dude....CALM THE F DOWN.   I'm just at a loss, and was wondering if anyone has found a great balance.   Is it easier to be the breadwinner and let your non-NT partner work whatever job they want, or do you make them stay solid, nomatter what? Do you work part time?   I  am so lost, and not a person understands or can help. My therapist doesn't even believe in ADHD, and no one else I talk to does either.
264b455af6416be5d84f2dad91e8d2af0af17cd66c067cdf515b5c7ccbbc3f70;;;Question about taking adderall on and off for years.;;;My dearest friend was diagnosed with ADHD when we were 15, and we're now 30. Since the age of about 23ish he hasn't been taking it consistently. By that I mean he doesn't get his prescription filled, and quit going to doctors appointments...eventually his doctor wouldn't take him anymore and he's refused to go see another doctor because it's "too much work and anxiety" (which I get, because I'm diagnosed with BPD2, however I maintain my medication regimen because I know what it is to feel like shit and what it is to have quality of life. But I'm getting off topic) The last 2-4 years I've noticed a dramatic change in his personality. When I go over to hang out all we do is lay in his bed and watch Netflix, get high, and drink wine because that's all he wants to do. If I ask him to go grab a bite to eat, we can't go inside anywhere (before Covid) because he "can't be seen" and he lashes out on me for the most minuscule things.  I've obviously noticed the anger, irritability, anxiety, and mood swings.  I have tried my best to offer help in the form of aiding in finding him a doctor or a therapist, or just listening and being there, but he constantly refuses and it's like everything I do is wrong, he ends up mad at me, yells at me, and I end up going home feeling bad for weeks about how my dearest friend is going down this rabbit hole that I cant seem to help him out of. My question is what do I do?? Do I support him even though every time I see him I feel like I walk on eggshells? I've made it crystal clear that whenever he wants help, I'll be here. I dont have ADHD, I've never taken adderall, and I'm terribly afraid he's going off the mental illness "deep end".   TLDR; bestie has been on and off adderal for about 7 years. Very angry and full of anxiety. Takes it out on me. Where do I go from here with him?
ed46311f794fc64146da35feff3249abfde54356433a2f652a94ff2736a8865b;;;Partner and kid fights like siblings;;;Maybe this is really a question about parenting, but I wanted to try here first.   My partner and my kid (11 yo) (from previous relationship) starts these stupid ass fights like they were siblings. They are not serious, just riding details, turning arguments around with invalid points just to be right and "win".   The kid is an only child and is here for two weeks, then lives with the other parent for two weeks (all good with the ex, we are friends, celebrate Christmas together and what not).  When my kid gets here, partner starts out being overly stressed and can't ever relax. Can't be in on joke, and doesn't smile. Says it's because they're stressed about time management, as they know meal time and bed time is important. But it's like this even when these things are covered. When partner then does relax after the first week, they start these fights with my kid as they would with their four siblings. They continue till I stop them either distracting them or right out tell them to stop. I feel this is wrong, like not (step) parenting. But am I wrong? I come from a broken family, so I wouldn't know if this is normal parenting or not. I have seen these stupid fights in my partners family as well – especially when grandparents and cousins are involved.   Anyways, I really want to know if this is normal or not. If I'm being too sensitive and I'm the one missing out on fun, I'll try to catch up. It doesn't at all feel right though. I don't want my kid to feel like they need to be ready for stupid fights at all times. I don't think kid is having as much fun having these arguments as partner does, but maybe I'm projecting (?).
c94bd35cde3787bcfec05bcc472307efd772a2cf47c377c6adba732b742594a0;;;How do you deal when they won’t even admit it effects them?;;;My partner was diagnosed with ADD (I guess before it was changed to ADHD) back in high school. She is adamant that she doesn’t have it, Medication did nothing. That even talking about it is attacking her. How can we move forward when she can’t admit that there’s a problem. And if she’s not going to let the problem be ADHD then all that behavior is selfish, impulsive, short sighted, destructive behavior.
e77d3431a448476fc944fe12787ceb84d5c1068206aa39b0214b4362d3ac81c8;;;Would couples counseling/therapy work for us?;;;I (31F) have been with my partner (31M) for almost two years and earlier this year he was diagnosed with ADHD. He takes his meds *almost* regularly. There are times when we will chat about big things that may bother me and he listens and agrees to make appropriate improvements. But the next day he will forget or go on impulse to do the one thing that I asked him not to do. I am not saying he's always at fault because I can sometimes get very upset when that happens. Instead of taking a step back, being more patient, and seeking to understand, I will blow up and we have an argument.  When I ask "why would you do this when we just talked about it the previous day?", he responds that maybe it is harder than he thought it would be to go ahead with the suggested improvements we discussed. Is this a personality thing or is this attributed to ADHD?  He also suffers from depression but tries his best to do what he needs to do at work, around the home, and with me. However, sometimes when I don't see results right away, I can be quick to get upset. I am trying to be more patient as well but I wonder if this is also a case where our personalities don't align or if it's the ADHD. I was and am attracted to him for our similar interests, hobbies, and how we can be around one another. I feel comfortable around him to act like my true self.  The thing that has made me feel neglected is that he has his hobbies that he will spend copious amounts of time on. But when it comes to spending time together, most of the time I am the one to initiate. He will initiate occasionally and when I ask why that is, he says that he's trying his best and has made strides to add reminders to his phone. He will think of things to do in the moment, but he's not a planner. He has never let me down in the sense that if we agreed to go to an event or run errands, he always shows up. But when I want to do something like talk before bed every night or chat more after work, he doesn't take the opportunity to initiate it. He will chat if I initiate. I also can't seem to understand this but he said that he is constantly on his phone because it's a form of stimulation for him even if he's not searching or looking at anything in particular.  I've considered counseling for myself so I can vent or talk to someone other than him and my friends about what's going on. He has attended counseling on his own a few times. I want to try couples counseling but I fear it would be the same result in that he agrees to go and listens to what needs to be done, but there is no action to mitigate the future results. Is that laziness or something else?  Has anyone experienced something similar? Would you recommend couples counseling?
3d2ebfbce6b798b0e1289aaa263e683905dea857852c4133427892df5701df53;;;Went our separate ways;;;I cannot stop crying during this quarantine.  He announced that he'd like to romantically separate with me, but to remain close friends. He said he gave it some thought a few days prior to his decision. He had visited some of his best friends after a year, and he said he just felt so different with them. He didn't want to hurt us anymore.   In our relationship together, I had encouraged him from the get-go to seek professional help, I shared so many articles/comics/videos about ADHD and strategies for neurodivergent couples to practice. I encouraged him to be more open about his mental health, especially with his best mates, so he has a stronger support system. It can also alleviate our relationship from friction and responsibility. He was reluctant but not dismissive. It took months of encouragement, depressive episodes, and finally suicidal thoughts to reach out. Then, he said he never given it a thought because he was protective of our relationship, but he realized it was our relationship that was too much for him.  This happened two months ago. After a lot of crying and conversation, we decided to remain friends. We have yet to unpack any thing despite remaining friends. He hasn't brought up any conversation related to our romantic relationship, no second thought, no further inquiries. Our relationship was just dropped.   Yesterday, I asked for space and time apart. He was surprised, he thought we've processed it. How? How? Am I out of my mind? He said maybe this time apart could reveal how raw his feelings still are.   I am still attached to him, and I am trying to work away my fantasy of our future together. It is so difficult. I'm so hurt and angry, I feel like so frustrated at myself for these feelings, for not being able to move on easily. I feel defeated and like I've lost my mind.
475a260a7795cc821a80e2a16a642a8d6962f0f40a72eceffe14d75d213fc2d6;;;What do you need to see from your ADHD partner?;;;Hopefully this is appropriate for this sub.   I am ADHD and medicated living with a non ADHD partner and while I know they love and care about me; I also know they are getting to a tipping point.   I do my best to listen to what they tell me they need and internalize those things. It is however really difficult.  They do so much work trying to understand what ADHD is like, and why I do things like hyper focus or forget I am in the middle of something and leave it mid task. They are starting to understand but I need to do my part.   I want so badly to do my part and I am seeing a therapist, but ADHD is a curse that way. It's very difficult to work on your ADHD because you have ADHD. It's all the standard issues.  * I can't stay on task doing research, and working on me * The extreme guilt associated with the above * Exhaustion from the emotional energy it takes me to stay mindful for half of the time at best  * Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria  I know they are frustrated and I completely understand why how frustrating living with me can be.   There absolutely are other compounding factors, and I know its not simple at all... but what are some things you need to see from your partners?   What things could we do that would show that we are really trying, that we care, that we are as frustrated with ourselves as you are with us?  I feel lost and scared that I can't be what my partner needs, and wanted to get some partner perspectives.
518494a64f06572c22dbc07635dbc316fb808b623e6ddb484a0e7b4e64b99eda;;;DX Adhd spouse forgot to take antidepressants for a week and is now on a terrible spiral;;;First off, for refrnece My spouse is 31(DX) and I am 34, (DX) Ptsd and Autism.  So, a few weeks ago Hubs forgot to take his Effixor for about a week. What I think he experienced was antidepressant withdrawal.   He turned into a different person. A friend and I went to Disney(with his permission) and I forgot to let him know I was going to be late, I was waiting in line 2 hrs after park close for Rise of the Resistance.  He decided to take this as, the friend and I not only hooked up but decided to go to Disney springs without him. When we got back he threatened to take the car and leave us in Orlando. Gor drunk then berated me.   In the 7 years we've been together this has NEVER happened.   Now, as a couple of weeks have moved forward he has done nothing but have this obsessive need to pick fights with me. I asked a question, got berated. Asked another he tried to withhold the wifi password. I even tried to deescalate, once I failed and the second I was sucessful but he would not come down from his anger. It eventually lead to a fight.   It's like he's relentless and will not stop untill he has won. He will use any and all my triggers to goad me into screaming at him and hitting him. Then use that as an excuse why I am a terrible person.  After an hour of refusing to fight with him, he got in my face and egged me on to hit him for about 45 minutes. Using every name he could call me.  Let me preface this by saying I am not a violent person. In my previous marriage, I was beaten daily for basic things. I do not even hit my kids unless absolutely necessary and even then it's a pop on the butt. I think it's forcefully triggering my fight or flight. At that point I no longer see the present but am in the past.   I got an incorrect valentine's day card today. The sentences I could read but they didn't make sense together.  Ok, so long story short he was NEVER like this before the mess up with medication. He is a completely different person.   Is it possible that he is experiencing some kind of psychosis from this?   Leaving is not an option. I'm not willing to leave when I know, deep down in my heart and by the research I have done that this is not him.  He's got a new therapist who swears he's acting this way because of me and my new found friendships. The therapist apparently sees no issue and won't even bring the subject back to working on himself. She'd rather talk about how I've screwed up in the marriage and am making him this way.
fd4970e673adb3926156e318e91ae24de1e9ee26a6c0788087119968803e41e7;;;Unemployment cycle;;;Me (23F) and my boyfriend (24M) have been together since we were 16. In that time the longest time he has held down a job was 1 year and he's had 6 or so other jobs that he's stayed at for a couple of months and long periods of unemployment.  We've been very lucky in that his parents are very understanding and have always helped him pay his bills during unemployment so we've been able to continue living together without me having to take on his money issues. But I'm well aware this can't continue (and I don't want them to have to bail us out anymore).  Around 1 year ago he was finally diagnosed with ADHD and started medication (concerta Xl). He was so releaved and seemed to be starting to make positive changes - he actively searched for a college course and was very enthusiastic about it being right for him. I was doubtful as I've seen him like that about jobs before and it's never worked out but with the new medication and a shift in attitude I was hopeful.  1 month in and I could already see problems starting. He started sleeping in later and missing some of the online lectures and then just before Christmas he fell out with his tutor and stopped attending their classes all together (but continued to try and keep up with the coursework). Fast forward to now and he's still not handed in the first semester coursework and he's telling me he's thinking of dropping out and restarting another course next September. I've tried to convince him not to but he doesn't want to talk about it.  I just don't know what to do or how to feel. Obviously his mental health comes first and I don't want to overwhelm him but also I just don't know if this cycle is ever going to break and I dont think I can keep going with this constant instability in my life. He is an amazing guy in terms of other relationship aspects and very understanding that this is hard for me. It breaks my heart to think of leaving him - he's my best friend but running out of other options.  Any advice?  TL;DR   partner in a constant cycle of new job and unemployment. Now finally diagnosed and medicated he started a college course (with lots of support available from college) but is now about to drop out. How can we break the cycle??
89a6461ab10c8819733b5105865364ad6528eef0cdf8574da6df927147302169;;;A thanks to all the partners;;;I was told to post a story I had written elsewhere. I have ADHD - yesterday, it snowed really bad - today, I had work at 12. My husband told me “be up at 10:30, no later” He checked in on me at that time, saw that I was awake and starting to get ready - then wordlessly went outside and cleared my car 100% in “breathable” sneakers because he doesn’t have winter boots. We forgot to buy a shovel when we moved in, so he kicked the ground and cleared the snow as best as he could.  He then came in and helped me finish getting ready and getting everything I needed - hat, gloves, water bottle, wallet, etc. This was so extremely helpful - I’ve been doing really well being on time for work, but that’s with minimal traffic, not having to drive really slow, not having to defrost my car and clear it off. If I had been left to my own devices, I likely would have been really overwhelmed this morning, forgotten things, and possibly been late.   Thank you to all the partners who do such selfless acts. I don’t know how your partner feels, but it’s a breath of fresh air and helps me get “caught up” so I can function like a normal human being. I’m making dinner tonight, cleaning, and sharing my favorite ice cream with him.
479fa5cd6973c8308fbb84c26a51860f529ca1194e5f3402ff20f108fa630851;;;Beginning a relationship with a girl with ADHD (Dx);;;I've been talking to this girl for a few months, and I'm thinking of finally asking her out. She's very open about her ADHD, and it really hasn't been a problem since we began talking.  Basically, she seems like she really has her life together and that her life is going places. She's in grad school and is applying to higher level programs for next year. She's involved with and committed to her work, probably one of the smartest people I've ever met. Her house is clean, she's OK with money, etc. I say all of this because she's openly talked about her struggles with me; she says her symptoms are actually pretty serious in her mind even though she tangibly is able to cope with those symptoms. She says this is because she was re-diagnosed/medicated as an adult and spent most of her life coming up with tools to deal with the ADHD.   When you look up what it's like to date someone with ADHD, you see a lot of horror stories about having to parent your SO, them getting disinterested, etc. I guess what I'm looking to know is what it's really like dating someone with ADHD; what does it mean that she copes with the physical consequences of her symptoms but still struggles a lot internally with them?
14efbfba0a82b9f4bcab7472347b920bec782346925e1e367ecd351547732667;;;How to make him understand his adhd?;;;PS: there are good things about our relationship obviously but I will only be talking about the issues here  Me(19F) and my boyfriend(22M) have been together for two years. I love him and I know he loves me, but I have been very distant lately bc I'm not doing well and I think I have finally admitted to myself all the things that are not working, and not ok for me, in the relationship. I have built up a lot of anxiety the past month or two that only worsens when I am with him because I'm not ready to talk to him about everything, but I also don't have energy to pretend that everything is ok.  He obviously notices that something is off, and this weekend he asked me if I was ok, and I told him that I'm having a hard time and I don't know why but I know that I will be ok. Now, because I hadn't been in the best mood in the universe, he responded with this: "if I knew this I would have gone to visit my friend instead" in a moody tone. I just told my boyfriend who tells me he loves me more than anything in the whole world that I'm not well mentally, and he responds with this? The sad thing is, I actually wasn't that shocked... when I brought up his response later that day, he tried to explain himself saying that he only meant that maybe it would have been better if I had some alone time. Sure, he can't control it if he gets irritated by my negative energy, but excusing this response with ADHD is quite a stretch.  Things like this have happened multiple times before. I once started crying a bit on the phone telling him about my sick grandmother, and he was irritated asking me why I didn't talk about these things when we are together instead of over the phone because he doesn't like it bc he can't do anything about it. Like, I'm sorry I didn't time my sadness to fit your non-existent schedule???   Whenever I try to talk to him about something about our relationship, he ALWAYS, without fail, makes it into "If I'm such a bad boyfriend then break up with me and find a better one". No matter the words I use, no matter how carefully placed, no matter if I'm just telling him "hey, these past two years I have noticed that what makes me feel loved is small surprises and physical touch. Like remember this thing you did? That really made me so happy and I am so thankful. I just feel like I need a bit more of that." Honestly, how can you possibly make that into a negative thing it's insane.   I would talk to him and express the things that i have issues with and explain how I understand his ADHD makes this and that difficult and try to discuss ways to work with it, but he is one of those people who believe that his ADHD is who he is and if I ever bring it up he is offended and tells me I don't know what I am talking about. Meanwhile I have read a book for partners of ADHD, AND for adults with ADHD because he would never read the book and I thought I would try to understand more and maybe tell him about what the book recommends. Written by the leading scientist in the field of ADHD research. In addition to god knows how many articles and videos. But he only tells me that the guy doesn't know what he is talking about, he doesn't even have ADHD himself...  As you can probably tell, I am done being the only one trying to work on the relationship, trying to help him with something only he can help himself with, and forgetting myself in the process. I am so, so tired, but I also have absolutely no idea what to do. I am stuck. I can't break up (just would not be able to do it, at least not yet) and I can't talk to him because he wont listen. I talk to him, he gets mad, I try to leave him alone so that he can calm down and think but he wont let me leave, I start crying, he gets mad that I am crying because then he has to be the one who "always has to fix things when we fight"..  Does anyone know what I am supposed to do now? Wait it out? Be so distant that he eventually breaks up with me himself? Wait for him to reach the part of his journey where he realises that he actually has to work on himself for a relationship to work? I have given him my absolute everything, but I fear I have nothing left to give and that my resentment is clouding my love for him.
bca0af6fde0e727ca6a75e8cd1845f60d776229beabf135c13c024b30424c8bf;;;Need help helping my partner remember to take her meds.;;;Hi all,  My partner (24f, diagnosed but not medicated for it) also has chronic pain issues and anxiety. While I think the anxiety is impacted a lot by the ADHD, she and her doctor have decided to treat the anxiety first. I've encouraged her to try therapy as well but she's apprehensive about it. She's feeling better with the medication so I try to be gentle about it as it is her choice and doesn't impact our relationship too much. This is the medication she remembers to take more often than the other.  While working to determine the cause of the chronic pain, her doctor has put her on muscle relaxers that she is supposed to take a couple times a day to help manage it. She frequently skips doses and the resulting pain causes her a lot of stress. When I ask, her reasons for skipping are either that she forgets (most common), or that it is too late. She has alarms set and will wait until a 'more convenient' time, which usually ends with her forgetting. I asked her to bring this up at her last visit a few weeks ago in hopes she could work out a different treatment plan, but she forgot to, so she's still on the same meds with the same dosing schedule until her next visit in a couple months.  We operate on opposite schedules - she works 3 days a week from 7pm to 7am, and I work Mon-Fri 8am to 5pm. I want to find a way to help her take her medication as intended, but the time she usually takes them I am asleep. She attempts to bring her pill bottles to work, but frequently forgets them. We've talked about getting her one of those daily pill organizers to keep in her backpack or lunchbox, but that doesn't address the issue of timing.   All that to ask the following - do any of you have tips for helping your partners remember their medications, especially during times of the day when you can't communicate with/see them?
0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;Am I a fair weather wife?;;;I (31f) have been with my husband (29m/Dx/med) for about 7 years all together but married for about a year and a half. He was diagnosed with ADHD about a year and a half ago and is taking vyvanse for it. He’s also taking a sleep aid medication as well as an antidepressant.   I don’t know if it’s just the quarantine or if I am just crazy or something but I just...don’t feel like he loves me as much anymore. Some of you may have seen my comment in the weekly vent thread about hating his computer but at this point I don’t think it’s healthy for me to think about bashing his computer office space style.   I’ve been in this cycle with him for years now. He says we will contribute more to the house, does for about 2 days, forgets, tension builds tension builds tension builds, I break down and cry, he says he will do better and contribute more and the cycle just starts all over again.   Look, I’m not perfect either. I’m lazy and sometimes I don’t do shit in the house for a while either. But I always make sure that our bills are due on time, that the garbage goes out, the animals are fed, wake up for work on time. But for a lot of things, I have to ask him multiple times to do it. And his computer comes into play here because he’s always gaming. And wearing his cancelling headphones. We go to couples therapy and the topic of his computer and noise cancelling headphones has come up time and time again. He got speakers for his computer about a week ago now and he still hasn’t set it up.   I mentioned in my vent comment about how I go to sleep alone practically every night, our sex life is basically non existent. We know each other’s love languages and he never meets mine while I try my hardest to meet his. But idk maybe he does meet mine and I just don’t see it.   I’m trying to give him some grace here. He has been with me through some hard shit. I’ve lost a lot of friends these last few years to sudden deaths, overcoming my own trauma with my family and going to therapy for it, my previous job was really hard on me and made me sick and he’s been there through all of that. He says he doesn’t want to feel like I owe him for what he has done for me, and that it’s understandable that I have reached my boiling point. I feel like I need to tough through this and be there for him as much as I can but I just feel like we are so distanced from each other. Despite us working from home.   I’m starting to feel like I’m a fair weather wife. Like I’m suggesting a divorce or separation because I just can’t feel like his mother anymore. But I need to show more patience and better understand his ADHD and that none of the things he does, is an intentional act to hurt me but it still hurts. I just don’t even know what to do at this point anymore. I just don’t want to be in this cycle. What would you do?
3a5bf515068625b3becf05938cc2c4eec1a18b25e48f5901f2b7fe5d0b9574ef;;;What's something about your partner you are grateful for?;;;The power of gratitude is probably the most useful thing to come out of the positive psychology movement... A little mindful gratitude a few times a week can change your narrative about life and change how you feel in a major way. There are many posts here venting negative emotions about ADHD partners... This has it's place, but doesn't work on it's own to change the narrative.  Let's change how we feel!  What is something about your ADHD partner you are grateful for?
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;I don’t know what to do right now;;;So earlier we got into a argument and for the first time ever I kept my emotions under control. I use to take what he said to heart and pick apart his words and just cry cry cry. His day started off crap as he had a big argument with his mom, she told him to find somewhere else to live, but I know once there both calm down everything will be okay, then had to clean up a big mess at home then to top it all off I caught him in a lie and had evidence to prove it. I don’t want to get in to details but it is what it is, so I called him out.   He had just woken up from a nap and called him up and I showed him the evidence and waiting for his response. He acted like he didn’t lie and it’s all in my head. Then he said he couldn’t do it anymore, and that clearly he keeps disappointing me, I asked did he want to break up he said he doesn’t know I asked again and again and he said the same thing.   I asked him how he felt and he said numb and I’m guessing it’s because he got caught in the lie and now he can’t think at all, he’s depressed about everything else so this just topped it all off. He said he wants to focus on school and get a car and a house. So I know he’s going into depression when he starts talking about things he wants but finds it hard to work towards. Then after he said he’s just having a bad day and that he loves me he will call me later he wanted to go back to sleep and that was that.   Today I went gym I felt good and now I’m home I’m trying to distract my self but it’s all not really working, it’s like I’m in limbo waiting for him to call and say sorry and too see where we are it’s feels so unresolved. It’s hurting now and I can’t reach out and call him because he said he’d call me. I just want to sleep away the time until he calls but I don’t want to go to that dark place I think now I’m overthinking again help :(
26602bc4e93a4787d1dafb26e782579dcf1bd510be8c9e9ccbca87a06e570b75;;;My DX bf started meds again this week;;;I've never seen him on meds, really. He took them once or twice in the beginning when he was finishing high school by doing a semester's worth of work in a week, but it's mostly been three years of hell. His cumulative GPA, age 22, after a year and a summer of classes, is 1.5. Struggled to keep a job. Struggled to have important conversations because he'd forget what he had said literally two messages before. Struggled to keep friends, in person and online.  &amp;#x200B;  I don't know how I let it get so bad. I don't know why I stayed. But yesterday, we had our first truly coherent phone call. He's on 18mg concerta - four years ago, he was on 100mg. He went to a restaurant and was horrified by how he could 'hear' all the noises -- \*and himself\*. Classes start this week, and for once, I'm actually optimistic that something changed.   &amp;#x200B;  The next few weeks are still make-or-break. I'm not 100% certain. But I can see a future with him again for the first time in I don't know how long. Things might be okay.
a31ac1f34478ab73eaa19af36ba596f96e13830728cd66afe369674a1a55e755;;;Is your partner impulsive to the point of starting spats with strangers? Is that part of ADD or just anxiety/being-an-A-Hole?;;;It seems like every time my husband (DX) goes out of the house alone, he comes back with a story of how someone did something and he said something jerky to them. I'm talking about things that are just a regular part of being in society...someone parked close, someone was talking loudly on their phone, someone stopped half way down the shopping aisle and he had to wait a minute for them to move again. But it's like he cannot balance the consequences of being a jerk about it. He HAS to make a snarky comment, or stare the person down. And then he tells me about it...I guess to get my approval.   I think I've been handling it poorly because I've been ignoring it because...well...I didn't want to admit that he is being a bully and I don't know how to communicate that to him.  Have you experienced this in your ADD/ADHD Partners? It is really becoming a problem (he started some shit with the neighbors) and I don't know if I should take this from an ADD perspective, or just "He is being an impulsive asshole" perspective.   I wished his attitude would improve and this quirk would dissipate, or we would get into counseling and be able to work through it with a therapist. But the lockdown is making it worse and we won't get to therapy until things return to normal.  So any advice, or even experience sharing would be appreciated.
4af73a2a4f1e116407cc2bb99fd546a5e7d6b535bd89339fc88f6d72ea1d51fd;;;Gaslighting;;;I'm struggling with this, y'all. For background -my s/o was diagnosed as a child and is untreated other than therapy. He often accuses me of saying or doing something I know I didn't and vice versa. Or says he didn't do something he did and vice versa.  I think this may be attributed to the disorder's effect on memory and quick-to-anger. I don't even think he knows that those are symptoms or that he is doing it. Regardless, it is unacceptable. Gaslighting is abuse. Although there may be a reason for it, it does not excuse it.  I've been in therapy for a year over these issues. He's untreated and I want to start that conversation, but I'm terrified.
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Weekend guest has ADHD, partner finally sees what it's like to live with, hilarity ensues;;;My husband "Roy"'s best friend "Bob" came to stay with us this weekend for the third or fourth time in the last few years, and for the first time since Roy was diagnosed with ADHD and became aware of its effects on our home life.   Last night, I went to bed early so they could hang out together. This morning as Roy made us breakfast before Bob came down, Roy started to tell me what he witnessed Bob do the night before. But first, as Bob came downstairs, Roy asked Bob to hand him something from the fridge. I was on the couch watching TV and Bob grabbed the item then stood there watching the TV with the item in his hand for a long time (I didn't say anything, I just waited). Eventually, Bob says, "DUDE!" and Bob turns around to hand him the thing he fetched. They laughed.  When Bob went to the bathroom, Roy turned to me and said:  "I watched him open a beer, walk over there and set it down, then stop to watch the TV for a long while, then walk back to the fridge to grab another beer. I pointed out that he already opened one, he looked at it and laughed. Then he picked up a bag of snacks and stood there eating them at the counter, created a mess of garbage, and walked away from it without a thought. Then he said down on the couch and held the remote to change the channel, but just watched the TV for about five minutes before asking where the remote was. I pointed to it and he laughed again... is that what it's like?"  I just walked over to Roy, hugged him, and welcomed him to my world. He was astounded, he'd never seen it in real life before, and now he knows. Let the healing begin!
2d70b8f09a48b078b46f2109bb0fa7d50aad513a99c11654ba62ebbd91a29b88;;;Partner Hostile to My Diagnosis;;;I (21F) have been diagnosed with an attention disorder since high school. At the time the consensus was that my other mental health struggles were more important and the ADD was put on a back burner. Recently things have started improving to where my psychiatrist wants to start treating/focusing on it.   My partner (25M DX ADHD) hates this. I don’t know why. He insists I don’t actually have ADD which hurts because if anyone said that to him he would be extremely upset. He says I am too high functioning to be ADD. I am trying to tell him that not everyone has the same severity and that ADD in women can look really different.   Is there anything else I can do to reassure him that just because I have a similar issue I’m not “stealing” his diagnosis (to clarify i was diagnosed five years before I met him). I’m worried he’s going to be putting more pressure on himself because he’ll see me making lists and planning and he’s not able to do that. Any advice would be really appreciated.   TLDR: ADHD partner can’t and doesn’t seem to want to understand my ADD diagnosis.
b2e8954694f4f785b217c6520cec5470c7ad6213a70c9208f3d5a6c61e0e6770;;;It's my 30th birthday this week and I've just been told my partner has spent all the money to go out for it :);;;Give me strength. Sorry I was selfish one time and thought we could spend some money on me for once and have fun. I'm not at all bothered about the money it's more the absolute zero lack of effort and telling me about it 3 days before so I will have to take a loan for my own birthday.  He has absolutely no concept of what it means to turn 30. Then he gets defensive and mad at me because I bought one set of cushions for our new house for 50 euros. I have been unable to work as I am a singer so haven't been making money for 3 months bar money from selling on Ebay and a tiny amount from the government. Am I being an asshole here for wanting him to make an effort for me for once?
3525ca67b3202fa628719a1d765a1090636607ec52c3d2fc56559061dd846197;;;Advice request: different sex needs and rejection sensitivity;;;So, a bit of background. My (33F) partner (25NB) is diagnosed adhd (unmedicated, but trying some treatments) and we have an okay relationship overall (5 years and counting). We do have a prickly issue whenever don't feel like having sex and they do, which goes in either two roots: either they cry/ have an emotional moment and have their mood down or they say nothing, go sleep on the guest room and act cold for a week or so.  We keep trying to manage, but it is hard because they can pin point how they feel only that there is extreme pain (which is why i associate it to the rsd) and when i try to engage with them the next day (when i have more energy) they tend to be too hurt to be in the mood.  Anyway, wanted to know if this was a re occuring problem for anyone and if yes, any solutions/advice? While i want to say yes most times there is just those times that i don't want to and its hard not to take it personally.
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;In what ways do you support your partner?;;;Is it by doing the finances and paperwork, putting up post it notes for reminders, repeating that one thing you said for a 3rd time without losing your cool, scheduling his diagnose appointment, or just those household chores he/she hates?  And is it something you can keep doing in the long run?
fb8299ea294cc4227f1e9f511bdc49b0f167c606cb57ac12e0fb6234e176227d;;;Therapists charging 400-600 for an appointment;;;My husband has started seeing an ADHD life coach which seems great.  He was directed by his coach to look into therapists who specialize in ADHD and check to see if his insurance will cover it apparently most won't?). Today my husband told me that he made an appointment with a specialist but he doesn't take insurance so the initial appointment would cost 400 dollars !!!  Of course I told him to cancel it since we certainly cannot afford such an expense.  I asked why he needs to see a therapist and he said to get on the proper medication.  Can't his doctor prescribe any medication that he might need?  I just think it's disgusting that 1. Insurance companies won't work with these specialists and 2. These specialists charge such an Insane amount.
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;Today I F'd Up By Moving The Papers Pile (I know you know it);;;Our cat has been on a vengeful pee rampage, so this week while my partner (DX in childhood, no treatment ever) was at work I moved all of our soft things and papers out of the areas the cat can get to as a precaution while we wait for the vet appointment where we say a happy farewell to the cat's fuzzy little balls.   This included, unfortunately, the paper pile. I know you all have one or something similar in your space if you share it with an ADD/ADHD partner. It's where mail, paystubs, magazines, business cards, random receipts and everything else goes to die. It is forever about to be organized. It creeps to encompass any surface nearby. If you ever break and organize it yourself, it reforms almost immediately. It is my enemy now and forever.   I briefly flipped through the pile, recycled the old grocery store ads and empty envelopes, and put everything else in a big basket in Partner's office. I did not attempt to organize it for him or make judgements about what was important or needed.   He got PISSED. He was going to do it on his own time. He's mad that I moved his stuff. He can never find anything because I do this.   Ya'll I am TIRED. I know it's frustrating to have your things moved and I can respect personal space and personal things as much as anyone, but we cannot have a mountain of papers smelling like cat pee in the kitchen. We are adults.
bf36702a4464e68d600dd3a64fd18fa7867bddee19239567abab425594334072;;;How to get wife's attention back?;;;Alright so we've been together almost 6 years now. To put it bluntly I want sex more often and she doesn't seem interested anymore. We are older in our 30s. Maybe have sex twice a month. Thats OK but I'd like it maybe once a week. I don't expect sex all the time. But we are supposed to be trying to have a baby. But we're not really having sex often enough. There's a few reasons I think why we're not.   She works retail and her schedule is ridiculous. Therefore she is always tired.   She doesn't take her meds everyday. When she doesn't take her meds she gets depressed and tired.  That special time of the month when neither of us want sex...  She's bored of it? We have been together awhile. My advances get rejected way more often now. And it just sucks.   I'm trying to workout and look better. I take care of basically everything responsible. The cooking, cleaning, house/yard work. I pay all our bills and take care of our animals too.   When we are together we spend a little time talking but mostly just watch TV and go to bed.   I'm not really sure what I can do. I don't want to talk with her about it because I feel like it'll put pressure on her to have sex when she doesn't really want to.   So I'm wondering how to get her attention back. What do I have to do? I hint at it a lot, I try to make time for it, and then just end up getting rejected. Its exhausting. I feel like her parent sometimes and I'm sure thats a turn off. Any ideas?
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;IDK how I can possibly stay sane throughout these next 4.5 months;;;I want my boyfriend out of my life. I can't deal with all his untreated ADHD bullshit anymore. I have spent nearly every spare moment of my life for the past 3 years trying absolutely everything to make this relationship work and he has provided me nothing in return.   In 3 years I haven't gotten a single sincere apology, not a single sincere thank you, not a single strategy presented by him on how to make *anything* better. I feel like a fucking shell of myself.   It feels like he understands me as well as a someone I met 10 minutes ago would with zero interest in learning beyond that.   I literally feel that I am just filling the the "girlfriend slot" in his life but could put any woman at all in my place. As long as they let him "do what he wants when he wants", "loves him for him", and can drop every ounce of respect they have for themselves he'd be happy with them.  I have gone back on every single boundary I've ever made in this relationship because he flat out refuses to budge an inch on anything.   I don't remember what being loved feels like. The best I've gotten is the cute things a crush would do when they are trying to peruse you...surface level niceties.   I hear from people quite often of how relaxed and easy going a person I am. Well my BF pushes me to such a heightened state of frustration and exhaustion and despair that I started self harming when we'd fight because I felt like I was trying to work through problems with an angry brick wall. He cared about that...for a little while.    The only reason I have called out of work in the past two years is because of anxiety and depression that I've always had but only rises to intense levels due to situations involving him.   Our roommate is trying to move out early because she doesn't want to be in this toxic house any more than we do. She has gone from a friend of mine and a best friend of his to an enemy who doesn't even look us in the eyes. This falling out is due in large part to my BF because his contradictory people pleaser lies indirectly caught up with him.  We have 4.5 months left of our lease to ride out. If/when this roommate leaves we will have to absorb her rent but it's better than breaking the lease and moving in elsewhere.  We already have a vacation half planned to California a month from now. Naturally I have gotten no assistance on planning this but he has still already paid for half the trip and I cannot afford to last minute end up going on vacation alone...again.   I am so devastated that I loved this person enough to start dealing with my own issues because I felt like he deserved the best and he opened my eyes to my areas of improvement. He is the reason I ended up being diagnosed with ADHD myself. I am not important enough for him to open his though. It was always one sided.   I am desperate to start dating just to fucking feel anything again but I don't think I could handle seeing him date too while we're in the same house and going cross country together soon.   My ex was in town and we met up recently. I ended up breaking down in front of him. I do not want to date him ever again and we didn't work out for a number of reasons but I never doubted how much that man loved me.   He always made me feel that I was worth all the treasure in the world. I had forgotten that was even something someone could feel.   I hate my BF for allowing me to spend my life trying everything under the sun to deal with his rampant ADHD knowing that he wouldn't put an ounce of effort into any of it himself. I don't hate the forgetfulness, I hate his view that it's not something to improve. I don't hate the sudden defensiveness, I hate being told it's an appropriate response and never hearing an apology or seeing a hint of remorse in him.  I didn't fall out of love with a man with ADHD I fell out of love with an asshole who is intentionally remaining in a state of emotionally stuntedness because it's easier to date a new girl every couple years and say "if they can't love me for me then they don't belong in my  life" than it is for him to face himself.   I am a rambling mess and have no idea how I can survive any of this.
3cfeebffbd0bd844076596fc85a414d38eb1686f48cb1cd8f6aea4b605969d1f;;;New challenges with both of us working from home.;;;I have been married to my husband (m/31/dx) for 4 years. We have become fairly good at dealing with most of the very common household-type ADHD issues and we have a nice even split on chores (even though one of my chores still is and always will be reminding him to do his \*sigh\*). For the most part, my husband's ADHD is an annoyance at worst and one of the really special wonderful things I love about him at best.   We both work in computer science careers, so we have been fortunate not to fear for our job security through the coronavirus outbreak (thank God), but OH MY GOD WORKING FROM HOME WITH THIS MAN. We've gotten into this cycle where we will both start work in the morning, I will work for my 8 (realistically 6-10 depending on what I have going on that day) hours and then I will start making dinner. It's not that he disturbs me during the day, or disrupts my ability to do my work. The problem is that his day looks more like this: He gets up, "starts work", is unable to focus for several hours, feels guilty about not working when he should be, really gets started in the afternoon, hyperfocuses until I come in around 8:00 to remind him that the work day is over and he is part of a family and he needs to come out of his office, is cranky for the rest of the night because of his meds/caffeine crash.      I am willing to be flexible with timing, and do everything I can to help him work his full week during this stressful time, but I also am starting to feel the old familiar "Mom" feeling that we worked so hard to get out of when it comes to chores/housework/bills/etc. It hurts my feelings and makes me feel very lonely to only get the cranky, guilty side of my partner. I miss him!  So, I guess I'm wondering if anyone has any tips that have worked for their family when it comes to helping their partner a.) really focus during WFH hours and b.) create some boundaries between work and home in this situation so they can enjoy their family life in addition to getting their work done.
8fc37fa922005b6675a60a77245b07e2c554641453c09546108a20bfa9553890;;;How to I reveal confirmation to ADHD FWB that child of this unplanned pregancy will be his new illegitimate child?;;;I did not know who was father but after a prenatal paternity test, it is confirmed ot belongs to ADHD fwb.  I knew he was ADHD since day we met so I tried to understand his condition more, so I have always treated him with proper amount of attention, understanding, and I tried to please him. His low self esteem some nights broke my heart but I understand that he has ways of seeing the world and himself.  Monday I find out gender and will tell him the news that he will have a son or daughter. In past month he revealed to me he was married with a 7 mo old. He regrets ever meeting me due to me not aborting 2 months ago. His reaction to pregnancy was particularly horrific in that he accused me of lying, called me insane, naive, and without reason.   Before this i knew him as smart, charming, well spoken/read, and a man who complimented me a lot in the year we slept together. Am genuinely scared to contect him but for sake of baby I will. As much as his reaction to me is hurtful and I want to hurt him back with insults and accusations, I have managed to be respectful of fact that he has adhd and may suffer greatly if I show anger or try to return insults. What is best way to reveal news that to him, he says...will ruin his life. This will have to come out eventually as court ordered paternity test will happen in June for formal paternity for childsupport, which I am trying to avoid by getting a higher paying job.
67ec9e434c9e6675123f3ef6b188760e6c36e99160316c58b1151fd8961a0df0;;;My SO depressed and it’s amplifying her ADHD.;;;Hello everyone, I hope this is the right place for this.   My gf is depressed. I have MDD/ working on getting evaluated for bipolar (it’s been a hell of a year, y’all) and I’m in treatment and finally slowly getting better. In my own funks, I didn’t notice the severity of how  bad / pervasive my gf’s depression had gotten, because I was in no state to care for myself, never mind another person. Now that I’m in recovery, I’m noticing the gravity / severity of what my gf is going through.   And most pervasive and what alters her mood the most is how exacerbated her ADHD has gotten in recent months, how she can’t focus, can’t remember anything, at times can’t even finish a sentence without getting distracted. She loses track of time like you wouldn’t believe and all together these things are affecting her job. This is becoming more frequent. Then she gets frustrated and is really hard on herself, which cues the depressive self loathing spiral. I’ve suggested therapy or that she see a doctor, and she keeps putting it off, which I understand. I, myself, am just now coming around to working on my own shit, so I get that it can take a bit for someone to finally come around to getting treatment. That’s not the issue here at all.   In the interim, and if she changes her mind again, I’m looking for what I can do to support her through this. I’m comfortable with the types of support she wants/needs re: depression, informed largely because of my own experience with it, but I don’t know how to help with the ADHD symptoms. She gets overwhelmed with lists and life-organizing activities, so the things that help me get my life back together are too overwhelming and overstimulating for her. This weekend we were supposed to do a big deep spring cleaning but she was overwhelmed and ended up panicking about where to start and what to do, and worked herself up to migraine level stress. I let her know it was okay, and that she should relax and try to sleep it off after some ibuprofen. She did, took a lovely nap on the couch, while I did the day’s scheduled spring cleaning.   This doesn’t bother me in the slightest. She picked up the slack when I was in a deep deep episode, and I’m happy to do the same. The issue is, every time she wants to work on herself, she gets too overwhelmed and ends up just frozen. I want to encourage her, but don’t know what to do to support her while she deals with the amplified ADHD symptoms and how or where to begin. Any thoughts?   TL;DR the title says it all.
905bf2c55843d23876548273eb857d0a6edb1dab972eeec6a6538d01fbdfcc3c;;;I need her to understand that WE DON'T HAVE THE MONEY;;;Throw away because it's better. I'll keep the back story as brief as possible. TLDR at bottom.   Struggling to keep our head above water and she isn't making it any easier. (43m, 41f) I have been the money manager for several years now. We have separate joint accounts so we have access to all the money, but we manage our own accounts. Impulse control is a big challenge. She has made huge strides in improving but it's still so hard sometimes.  Christmas is coming up. Our niece and nephew have asked for a few things that are reasonable and a couple of very expensive items (like $100-200). Their parents seem to manage a little better than us but they are not going overboard with gifts as these are certainly all 'wants' and are in need of nothing.  My wife is determined to get the big items AND the little things. I said we can do one or the other but not both. We already have the lesser priced things. We have zero funds until payday the fri before. I cannot make her understand that just because the money will appear to be there, it's already accounted for.  I have shown her the numbers. I have shown her when bills are due and what paychecks cover them. She is tying emotions to the gifts. She says they are only little once (4 &amp; 6) and while I understand her sentiment, it's about financials for us.   I don't want to have to explain to anyone that we can't participate in this or that because we spent all the money on gifts. I don't want to explain that we can't make the christmas goodies we always make because we don't have the money.   She thinks if I just work overtime then it's covered. I tried explaining it's not that simple. There's debt we are paying. Any 'extra' isn't extra.   I also want to be respectful of their parents not wanting more junk to fill their house. This is her brother's kids. She just wants to focus on the magic of Christmas and all it entails.  I truly understand that about her and love that about her. But when it comes to the reality of it all, there is a hard stop. I don't know how to make her understand or put my foot down. I feel like I'm drowning. Any advice would be great. Also, I'm the non-adhd.  TL/dr: wife wants to buy presents we can't afford even tho she thinks we can we get paid again. Showing her the numbers does nothing as she thinks working overtime will solve it. Idk how to get the financial situation through to her.
f8db1bff8f9995f2a8ec5edcfb43d78636cd451a2c28775af8425e3218226e25;;;Organization resources?;;;Hey all!   TW: pregnancy       My incredible partner (M32 dx, medicated) is wonderful and he tries really hard to be supportive and maintain things around the house. For a long time, I was bitter and resentful about why he “couldn’t just do XYZ like an adult” but as I’ve come to do more research and interact more with the ADHD community, I (33f) have come to recognize a lot of common issues and have taken a lot of that responsibility off of my partner.   Now, we’re having a baby! We’re so excited but I’m anxious because we need to get organized. I am pretty patient (I like to think) about the clutter around but with a baby coming I think we really need to get things corralled. That way when I’m holding an infant and trying to find a place to put a bottle down there will actually be a spot!   I’m thinking of hiring a professional organizer to help us rethink our space and plan for a spot for everything. I know this stresses my partner out to the max because object permanence is a big thing for him. It’s likely that the organizer hasn’t worked with an ADHD person before - is there anything y’all can think of that we should be really conscious of? Anything that we should have this professional integrate into our plan?
c493a5a1f450a7a3f4dfff0a080f77c9e4c1b07dd5cd743a8d064e963348fe34;;;22F NDX seeing a 23M DX and we hit a little road bump!;;;Hi everyone! Lurker here since I’m technicallllllly not officially dating the guy but I hope you guys can give me a little insight :) I’m sorry if this comes off as naggy.  So I started seeing a guy that I met through an app at the end of September and it started off great! We have great chemistry and turns out, we have a lot in common. (It's honestly weird how we've just missed each other our whole lives) He’s in college 23M (had to resume it a little bit later as he was diagnosed a few years ago and wanted to get that worked through before coming back to school) and I’m a recent grad 22F. We started seeing each other a lot, probably once or twice a week for the first month or so. And things got really cute! Early on, we both said that we were the types to not see more than one person at a time.   * Due to corona, we went back and forth from each other’s apartments. Movies, dinners, and we started sleeping over at each other’s places  * He’s told his best friend about me and in his words, told her how much he liked me. He also told me I should come back to his home (we live in the same county in our state but different towns) to meet his friends * We’ve seen each other during daylight times and not just night time * Sexual chemistry is great. And cuddling is fun too!  As time went on with his semester of classes, he’s been kind of behind on work (really behind) and just not doing what he needs to be doing.   So because my anxiety makes me a **dang anxious clucking chicken**, I asked him through text if he was seeing other people. He said not really/no and that his ADHD is making him a total mess. He told me that he gets where I’m coming from and that he’s been thinking about it as well but he’s just not in a good place to make any big decisions.   I told him that I wasn’t looking for a decision either as we’re both busy with school/work but that I wanted to see if we were on the same page. Also reiterated the fact that I’m not the type to see multiple people and he said he was going to say the same thing.   I ended it with how I know we’re both busy and that I’m liking the go with the flow but just wanted to know if he was. He then says that he’s divided internally and has a fear of commitment.   Is it a fear of commitment in general? Or to me?    I’m quite an anxious person and while I’m working on this aspect of me, I tend to have my guard up once I’m put into these situations. I know that I would love to be in a relationship with him.   How should I go from here? I’m scared to set myself up for pain.   Let me know if I need to add any more details!
40fbeb7d04622a4c3b12a4c8a025b1109210f304ad8811c789d6dd71b6c3d2c1;;;A winning streak;;;My (nt) boyfriend (adhd) has been on a winning streak. He has done the washing, the first time I ask, washed dishes, gone to his appointments and to day we even got to eat out!  He also has OCD and was just diagnosed with aspergers, so you can imagine when I say things have never been easy.  But right now I feel so proud; he is on meds and I can actually recognise that he is trying his best.  Both to partners as well as afflicted; things do get better if you keep on trying. Communicate and love each other and always be honest; even when you haven't done the dishes or feel ashamed or belittled. I know that everything that for nt's can feel small, feels huge for you. Pat yourself on the back for getting up this morning, going to work or even just for being you. Praise be, honest to God. I love my boyfriend to death.
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;Blowup, then acting like nothing happened?;;;I've seen this on here a few times and I'm curious to see if it's a common dynamic: does your partner come back 20 minutes/an hour/the next time you see each other after a fight and act like everything is fine (but without resolving anything?!)   For me this is something I experience almost every time we have a huge crying yelling fight and let me tell you, it is CRAZY MAKING. I'll spend all night sad, hurt, thinking of ways to work on whatever went wrong, and the next day Partner will be making jokes and telling me about something funny that happened over the night shift. It's like I'm walking around with a broken leg and he's ignoring it.   Is it a 'let's drop this without confrontation' thing? Is it that they're over the emotions, even if we aren't? Is it avoidance?? Most importantly, what's a good way to handle it without rekindling the fight???
f248daf46d34da4230a351fe05a9a1df6c9b826577c9722f50e9abbc1a8d5fb3;;;Taking breaks from adderall?;;;My spouse, DX several years ago when we had already been married for a few years, is taking the minimum adderall dosage most days (I think it's 10 or 20mg), but he insists on taking breaks on the weekends and holidays so that the adderall will "work better" when he resumes it.  He refuses to take breaks while he's working because he "needs it to even function" (it's true, it's just hurtful that he acknowledges how big of a difference it makes and chooses to give work the functional version of himself while his family gets what he calls "the absent-minded professor").  I'm unhappy with this state of affairs and want a functioning partner. I've let him know how I feel about it, but before I further dig in on my position, I want to know if taking breaks is actually good or necessary or whether it helps make the "on" days better.  Anyone got knowledge, experience, or research on this?
9514c41cf8eb32248c53e41697bdfc494008b4ca182f7cf5a4f3c73623c69232;;;Worried about parenting/venting about other stuff;;;My fiancé has inattentive ADHD, so he is extremely forgetful and often loses things. So far, I've found ways to cope with this; ie. designated places for his phone/wallet/keys to go as soon as he comes home; grocery list app that syncs to his phone. It's still frustrating when he forgets to buy things we need (even when they're on the grocery list!! argh) or doesn't seem to pay attention to me. Most recently he forgot to make reservations for Valentine's Day dinner, although I've reminded him every day for the past 2 weeks. I struggle with depression and PTSD (mostly well controlled with medication), but it often feels like there's no room for my emotions. He feels excessively guilty about all this, so anytime I voice how I'm feeling, it just turns into me supporting him through his guilt spiral. All this said, we love each other deeply and I try to remind myself that his ADHD is a problem we're tackling together. /endrant  Lately we've been planning when to have our future children. I don't get too worked up when he forgets things now; it's just inconvenient or mildly annoying. But I'm growing worried how this will impact our future kids. I am on a very demanding career path, so much of the day-to-day childcare will fall to him. I worry about him forgetting to pick up the kids from school, forgetting to feed the baby, accidentally leaving the baby in a car, missing their doctor's appointments, etc etc etc. Does anyone else here have kids with an inattentive ADHD spouse? I don't know how to deal with these fears.
8a2896f52599143a8595a40c6cd563691b75e0d893d6e945b1f02b067986e65d;;;Just so tired;;;I love my husband like nothing else. He’s my best friend. He’s an incredible person who is the only person who’s ever really understood me, connected with me, been on the same plane of existence as me. He’s my life. I know that I’m his too, and that he loves me more than anything.  But I’m not getting the emotional support from this relationship that I need.  He is going through the diagnosis process, and if it’s not ADHD there is absolutely something else going on. Hopefully docs can help him get to the bottom of it.  He struggles to truly empathise. If he doesn’t agree with the way I feel about a situation, he’ll over ride me until I drop it. If I’m sad or mad about something and he doesn’t want me to be, he’ll say that I’m “not allowed” to be. This is particularly bad when it sounds like I’m blaming him or mad at him for something. Even when I’m not. This is a daily issue, to the point that I don’t know if I bring up something about my day if I’ll get a sounding board to talk through things or be shut down. Because sometimes he is capable of listening empathetically, but maybe like 25% of the time. It entirely depends on what’s going on with him, more stress for him equals less care for me. But he’ll be incredibly empathetic and caring - basically the opposite of how he is with me - with other people. He could complain about his day for an hour straight, but if I bring up one mildly negative thing then to him I’m “constantly complaining”  He is incredibly vain about how other people see him and will put me down to make himself look better in their eyes, and will honestly not realise that it’s hurtful. I’ve also been told I’m “not allowed” to talk to my girlfriends about things between us because they might think less of him. It’s his emotions #1 all the time.  If we disagree on something and we argue about it, if I don’t back down he’ll eventually turn the conversation into character attacks on me. Like that the reason I said a particular thing is because I don’t respect him or some other malicious or mean intent. It’s like he actually thinks the only reason I’d do something different to what he’d do is because I’m being an asshole in some way. He regularly tells me how he thinks I feel and when I disagree he just gets more annoyed. Once he said that I must be autistic because I was able to immediately explain what I wanted out of a particular scenario.. because he isn’t able to organise his thoughts in some way there must be something “wrong” with me.  His memory is atrocious and getting worse. He’s currently also on pain meds for a separate issue which compounds it. I’ve seen him entirely forget conversations from hours before. I’ve seen him totally misremember things and then get angry when I try to correct him. He is also a either habitual liar, or his memory is so shot that the version of a story he’s telling now will be different from what he told you an hour ago and he’ll not realise the difference.   The section in [this](https://www.helpguide.org/articles/add-adhd/adult-adhd-attention-deficit-disorder-and-relationships.htm) about “how non adhd partners feel” is 110% me every day. I’ve shown him this article, multiple times, he says he’s read it but he either hasn’t or doesn’t remember. He certainly won’t have a constructive conversation with me about it.  I honestly think that he does not see and/or remember the mean things that he’s saying. I don’t believe he’d intentionally hurt me and I don’t believe he knows the pain he’s causing me. This is all legitimately a reflection of how his brain interprets the world and he doesn’t see the impacts this has on me. It’s like he’s living in a bubble of delusion.  But.. if you took adhd out of this as a context these would be abusive behaviours and any sensible person would leave.  But I don’t want to leave, I want us to buy a house and have babies and sit on our porch at 90 watching the sunset. I want to explore and experience the world with him. I want to keep building the wonderful friendship group we have.   I shouldn’t have to choose between that and being emotionally cared for. I don’t know how to get that from him or even to get him to understand how I feel.  How do I make this work without sacrificing my own needs? If he is diagnosed and medicated and things don’t change, what then?  He wants me to see a psychologist because he believes that me being upset at him when these things happen is a me problem. He also refers to this when I tell him that I need emotional support, he wants to outsource it. He doesn’t see that that’s hurtful to me because to me that’s acknowledging he isn’t intending to, or capable of, providing me the emotional support that I should expect from my husband and so I should spend my time and money to get it from someone else for an hour a fortnight. Yes I’ve tried to explain this, but it turns into him gaslighting me, using me being upset at this as “proof” that I have “all the hallmarks of depression”. I don’t, I know what I’m looking for, I am not depressed, I just want to feel supported and loved and cared for unconditionally every day by my husband.  I will go see someone, at least to talk this stuff through. But I’m so scared that their recommendation will just be that the best thing for me is to go. I honestly am struggling to know what the right thing to do is.
8fdf0f4a31a839f63554c15e48a7de0cd9b55fad21ef79444ae9226f534c9cab;;;Am I selfish?;;;Been together 4+ years, married for a few months now. Like many of the posts I’m reading, everything was amazing in the beginning. Now, I struggle with getting him to be on the same page as me and we argue all the time.  I’ve just recently realized that he most likely has ADHD. I’m reading a book about it and it’s almost like the author was observing US.  I’ve mentioned it to him and his explanation “i think i’m just lazy” but I keep pushing him to see someone to get treatment. He doesn’t realize how on the edge I am all the time because it’s like having a giant teenager. Am I selfish for wanting him to get medicated? Nobody else in his life has complaints or has ever complained about his behavior so I sometimes feel crazy and awful for wanting to medicate him. I’m just over the very simple yet stupid arguments and disagreements that can ultimately be avoided.
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Creating Healthy Habits for ADHD Fam;;;So, I read the recent post about how many people have ADHD children as well.   My mother has it, my father might, and possibly my younger brother. MY husband and his parents as probably a good 3/7 of his siblings have it.   We have  STRONG chance of it in our kids.   It sounds so daunting. But I wonder if there are ways we can create and build healthy coaching and habits into our children, so that they are equipped for success in adulthood? My husband has struggled with adult life so much, and both sets of our parents struggle horridly too.   There's got to be ways to break the cycle and at least teach ways to handle life better!  Any success, mom/partners of ADHD?
def39e6fa6adf28ce1fa5856a4b4c51fb8485f2843cfdad7e12d8af63856ab44;;;Husband (29dx) is so difficult to communicate with - because he’s too good at it...;;;Sometimes I feel my husband is so focused and good at paying attention to details and facts, but so bad at empathy and reading situations, that it feels impossible to talk to him.   He‘ll remember exactly every word I said about something two weeks ago but won’t be able to pick up on anything subtle that might have indicated how i meant what I said.   He requires such clear communication from me... but i sometimes feel it’s so hard, cause I can’t always find the exact words and give a 1-10 priority rating with every statement and verbalize all my feelings.   But it’s so so difficult to address this issue, cause him asking me to communicate clearly rationally seems like such a perfectly healthy thing to ask for. And I can’t bring across my difficulty without having it sound like „I want you to read my mind“...   Does anyone have the same problems? Is it an ADHD thing? If so - Have you found solutions for this? Help 😢
db97290ceb440a5647d84518aa2921f189497df77b4ec5e9637bad1a9d5e5674;;;Have you used marriage counseling to cope with ADHD?;;;Husband (m/37) is diagnosed and medicated.   I'm getting to the point where I'm starting to resent my husband. He was diagnosed almost a year ago and medicated for the last seven months and while it's been mostly successful, there are still times when I feel like I'm running the entire show. As much as I want him to take on household tasks on his own, I know that he won't unless I ask him to do them or do them with him. It's exhausting and it's starting to build resentment.  The bigger problem as I see it, is that he thinks of his ADHD personally. Like if something is bothering me that is directly linked to the ADHD, he think it's HIM not the condition, so he gets offended and hurt, and then we don't really get anywhere. I've tried to explain to him that I don't see his ADHD has something he does intentionally or makes worse so I can't be made at him, I'm mad at it. But he sees it like a personal failing and source of poor self esteem. This leaves us at a stalemate where he feels shitty and I feel angry. I need help here and I think he does too, but he doesn't realize it yet. I've had creeping thoughts lately of wondering if I want to live the rest of my life like this and I dread that thinking. I love my husband, I don't want us to split up, but I feel so out of my depth with it that I don't know where to turn.  My new job's insurance kicks in this week and I'm going to ask him if he'll consider seeing his therapist more often, and see if we can find a therapist for us both. I already have one of my own but this feels more important.
ac31a11084d41deca95d0664d7b6aeb03815919eddd808b032a82edfc1eeee41;;;Weekly Victory/Success Thread;;;Living with ADHD requires a lot of hard work, endurance and trial and error in our relationships.  Maybe you have agreed on a new "to-do list" and it works, a new medication or therapy is working as intended, or the laundry has been done in a timely manner etc. Here is where we celebrate the victories no matter how small.
93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Please help me learn to nag my husband LESS and be okay with big messes that just get left there for long periods of time;;;Tl;dr What the title says. Also I just had major surgery that ended with a complication of a broken pelvis so I can't help with cleaning for now.   But for those interested in more context:  Husband is diagnosed ADHD and medicated.   I recently got discharged from being in the hospital, I'm a young adult but I had to already have a hip replacement. During the replacement my surgeon broke my pelvis. So, long recovery time.  We also have a toddler.  My husband is taking a few weeks (we think?) off of work to help care for me and our toddler. Thankfully our toddler does go to daycare during the week. I do also have a caregiver helping me on the weekdays, and OT and PT that come to my home.  So anyway, I'm stuck with not being able to clean. Stuck with an ADHD husband who leaves messes everywhere. He gets defensive if I ask him to clean up a mess.  Basically I have no choice but to wait out this recovery period until I can be the main one cleaning and keeping things tidy again.  In the meantime, how do I not go crazy from the messes? I can't have my caregiver clean his messes because she has made it clear it is her job to take care of ME and not clean up after my husband.  I want to just let go of the stress and be at peace during the 5-ish weeks of messes. (Estimated recovery period)  Talking to him about it has failed so many times. I guess I don't know how to approach it, and his emotional dysregulation makes him react poorly to any criticism. In fact he is so overwhelmed he said no more criticism.  So...how do I just....suck it up and deal with the messes? I had a legit anxiety attack earlier when I was doing PT and I saw how messy the kitchen is. Pathetic I know of me, but it is truly what happened.   Has anyone else felt like this?  I love him so much, but I feel this messiness is causing a drift between us.
8a11e022be4e2bdcc2ee7c3d400c3e422d80a158dcc51d2075ec8d3e4053acee;;;[DX] I feel like I am not good enough in my relationship and the only way I will be good enough is if I take medication and go to therapy;;;My girlfriend is recently diagnosed with ADD and I have known it for two decades. She got on medication almost right away. She says my tone is important, the way I speak is important, that I don't do anything without being asked, that she is managing me. She says I am half in conversations, I'd agree I can't listen well I want it written down I forget a lot of things.  "No individual is their behaviors you can change your behaviors" she says.  She's pushing me toward therapy and medication, I didn't really enjoy therapy, I spent a lot of time in therapy in my youth. She's pushing me toward taking medication and I had tried it before, I'd only want to use it for focusing on work and studying but she wants it to be a whole day thing so I can be the best boyfriend.  It seems really weird to me, it doesn't feel right and I wonder what your take is on this? I just want to live freely and be in an organic relationship without the weight of all these expectations. These conversations are the worst part of my day and they are frequent.  In general I am happy and successful, but it brings me down. It really drags me way down.  So yeah I don't know, what do you think?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;What just happend?;;;Ive being done okay doing this whole virus thing but today I had a panicattack. He sat with me for awhile and comforted me, gave me a drink but then he just left to play computer. I was still having a panic attack, and shortly after began to hyperventilate. He came back in maybe 10 minutes after and sat with me again to comfort me. I was upset that he had left me at all to go play computer when I was clearly having a really hard time, but I wasnt mad and just glad he was back, to sit next to me. I told him about how I was feeling. He seemed annoyed with me so I asked him if he thought I was being dramatic, because that is something he has called me alot in the past if Ive gotten emotional. He told me he thought I was being a little bit dramatic.   I really hoped he would just be empathic about what I was going through in that moment.  I told him it made me sad that he said I was being a little dramatic because I really needed him to validate my feelings. He then said that I was the one who said I was dramatic. Then continued to say he didnt mean dramatic, he meant i was overreacting.  Then it got very confusing, and he kept saying that I was the one who called myself that, which I know I didnt do. Instead of hearing how that upset me, he became defensive as he does and continued to say I was the one who said it about myself, which doesnt even make sense. I know its not because he heard me wrong.   He has been gaslighting me before, and in that moment (i was still having a panic attack) it felt like he was trying to do that again. I told him to stop it, and went to the other room to call my mom instead that quickly calmed me down and validated my feelings of being afraid which was really all I needed.  Now he has closed himself into the bedroom which he does when he wants me to apologize because he is "very angry with me for what Ive said and he has done nothing wrong" etc, .. and I still just need a boyfriend who is empathic.
d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;my fiance had no idea what ADHD actually meant;;;he knew he had been diagnosed as a child, but nothing was done or explained. he has been totally unaware of everything. his entire life. he (up until now) has had no idea why he struggled with certain things.  we were having a conversation about online shopping and he said that he just couldn't handle that stuff and ends up buying the wrong thing. I mentioned it might be due to how much information there is so he can't focus on what's relevant / important.   he stops me and goes "you know what I think a large part of it is? I think it's because there's no immediate consequence for what I'm doing" (i know right!!) me: yeah so, you know that's a big part of ADHD right? him: no I did not. is it really?  it was kind of bitter sweet, as if not for r/adhd and some other resources I wouldn't have known either, and he would still be clueless. it did make me smile that he is able to make connections with things now that there is an open dialogue about it.   every conversation helps :)   I just thought I'd share, it was nice and kinda cool that he thought of something that leading experts explain, and now he knows why!
2c4b25483e84166641a2f427cb656a57db23693ec1db077e9ed6bc11be41ee0d;;;My DX Partner Cant See My POV;;;This is my first time posting here, I’m not quiet familiar with how things work on this sub, so please excuse me if I make any mistakes.  I (NT) am in some sort of a disagreement with my partner (DX), I feel very disappointed in the situation we’ve gotten in because I feel like it shouldn’t really have happened the way it did.  A little backstory of our relationship: We met at the end of 2019, started off our relationship really quickly and soon after moved in together. At this point he wasn’t diagnosed yet and we had a great run at the start until we didn’t, our relationship ended because it was getting really unhealthy for both of us mid 2020. We broke up and went no contact for 6 months before we connected again.   When we reconnected the first time things didn’t go so well and ended poorly again, then 3 weeks later he reached out again and we spoke about things, multiple lengthy conversations that really helped us understand what went wrong the first time around. I’d like to think I grew so much as a person and gained so much in life in the time we had apart and with the conversations we were having I could see how much accountability has taken and growth he has made. He is now diagnosed and on medication, is also working toward a better life and better routine. It’s still a struggle but most days I can stand by him and not be effected by it.  To now why I’m writing this post, I am now on a short trip with my family, before I left I spoke to him about how important it is for me to have a text/call relationship with someone I’m building a relationship with because ultimately it is unrealistic to only always physically be together. He has been putting in more effort to call and text me more and I am not belittling his efforts he has put in so far but I do think this is something I consider the bare minimum.   This just happened yesterday and I was feeling a little down because I didn’t hear from him all day but in his defence I knew he was going to be so packed and busy with work all day and night due to his multiple jobs and also sorting out his new puppy. I completely understand the stresses and busy schedule he did have, I do. I spoke to a friend about it and knew this was something I should speak about because how emotional I was getting. So I sent him a vague message to hopefully speak to him soon about how I was feeling. There‘s so much into what I said and did so the last part I’ll keep short:  I ended up telling him how I felt as calmly and as rational as I could, got told I was being unreasonable to ask sorts of things because I should‘ve known better to how busy he was, that I should’ve been more patient and just should’ve known he would‘ve called me at night.  Do you think it’s fair for me to have to put aside the things I feel and that are important to me for someone else to have whatever and whenever it is more convenient to them?   I think I’m going off topic and spiralling a bit but does ADHD play into the fact on not being able to see other peoples POV’s and that their needs are more important than ours? Does anyone else partner seem to do this too? How do we overcome this and is it worth it when they show you that what’s important to you doesn’t matter? Or am I suppose to give him some time after the conflict so he can reflect on it? Because at the end of the day there’s not much else I can do... Right?  Please note that what I’m saying is very vague to what our relationship is, in no way do I despise him or do we have a terrible relationship, I love him and have always known I wanted to spend my whole life with him but I just need some help and support. He is in no way a bad and inconsiderate person, this is just a situation that somehow turned bad. I’d really love some help. Thank you in advance to those who took out the time to read and hopefully respond.
5accf0b1ffd0a8047866b691a142a9e85191881dfe4b2f7355229d3ebe1ba31d;;;My ADHD partner lowkey caused me to have low self esteem// I'm sorry. ADHD sucks;;;I dated a guy who had ADHD for almost 6 months. I wanted to understand him better to help him and our relationship. But all the time I spent reading articles, listening to podcasts and spending hours on the internet. I didn't realize the strain the relationship was causing me. Toward the end of our relationship I realized a lot of things that were not right. His emotions were all over the place, he had no patience at all, he was constantly distracted and finding something new to distract himself with. In the end, he told me that his love for me wasn't constant. He felt it sometimes but not every time. I have read about people who have ADHD usually over analyze everything about their new partner and it was so true. He told me things about myself that no one ever told me and it made me self conscious and caused me to watch everything I did. The last month we were dating it was very emotional. I now see that he was just confused on what to do with our relationship and he felt stuck. He told me a lot of truths toward the end that sort of stung but I'm over them now. He decided that we should take a break and I agreed, we could clear our minds and come back together. We ended up breaking up a few days later.   After we broke up there was a month of us texting on and off but it was awkward. I felt like we were both trying to hold on but we couldn't commit. Or well he couldn't. I wanted to try and date again but he was constantly changing his mind each week. To this day I still wonder if he regrets us breaking up or not.   I am doing much better than I was in the beginning but it for sure sucked. He wasn't patient and I'm someone who can be too patient. It was a disaster waiting to happen. There was nothing wrong with him and I don't want to blame ADHD. I just hope that he finds the right person because I was not it and that sucks but whatever.   My advice to everyone dating someone who has ADHD. You both need to want to work for your relationship. It doesn't work if one person is trying to make it work and the other isn't that interested. Also read up on it. It helps a lot. Hope everyone is doing well and staying safe.
5a93eaf760a635fed82c71261a114ac0263e7bfd5bd988814cfb4c93db9a164c;;;Newly diagnosed SO and I'm the one doing the work to get him help!!;;;My husband (45) was diagnosed with ADHD last year but he brushed it off, it wasn't until our daughter was diagnosed that it hit me that he is ABSOLUTELY 100% adhd.   But this is just yet another task for him to do which requires more nagging from me.  All the barriers to getting help according to him: 1. He has no time to call: yes, his schedule at work is packed. But he goes in after dropping the kids off to school, I'm more than fine being late to my job to handle the kids so he can make the call in the morning before going to work.  2. He has no time for appointments: he works 70 miles away (yeah he's never home pretty much, always in traffic). I told him that if he can get a morning appointment before work, I'll take the kids. Alternatively my psychiatrist takes patients on weekends, it's out of his healthcare network but I will pay effing $325 just for this to get handled!!  3. He can't find any psychiatrists nearby in his health network: I googled. I found them. I sent them. Twice. Apparently I need to send by email or else he won't find them.   4. Medication doesn't work: he has taken meds to treat depression, not adhd. And he has to actually make an effort to find the right one, not just quit when he doesn't like one and throw his hands in the air.  In the end, it's all just more half assed attempts with me having to continuously mother him to do it.  There is zero chance he will do CBT therapy. The best I'll get is medication but for him to work with a psychiatrist to try something out, continuously work till the right drug is found...that's like a pipe dream that he will do this unless I'm REALLY on top of it.  I work full time. I have 2 small kids, one with autism and one with adhd. I barely do my own job because during the day I have to do administrative household stuff to keep everything afloat for the family.    My mental load has hit the max ages ago.  Is there hope? Am I an asshole if I give up? I want to tell him he has one year to get his crap together (or at least, be making serious efforts for more than just a week) or else this marriage is done. I'm only still here for the kids and because losing this house would devastate me.
4ba59f638f915462c43016a80a2b78241b25c40b28a73b75394fbb5420e15d7b;;;The chore imbalance sometimes feels sexist af instead of just an ADHD thing and I'm getting bitter;;;I'm non binary, but I was raised as the only female in a very Christian conservative household. My brothers were all very sexist and put ALL the chores on me. My nuclear family consist of 6 people and we were all SLOBS. It was horrific and very stress inducing to be the one blamed for it all.   Anyway, I've been with my partner for 2 years now. We moved in together, living together around 1 year. His inability to clean was a point of contention, and we have argued about it a LOT. He agreed I was doing a majority of the chores/food shopping and whatever else, and tried to work on doing chores daily.   He has significantly improved, and I'm so thankful for all the effort hes putting into this. Esspecially because hes not medicated right now, so it's all on him to find ways to remember. Even though it's been getting better, I still do a fair amount more. I know it's not a sexist thing, but sometimes it feels that way bc of my childhood. It makes me so angry, moreso than doing more of the chores.   I'm moreso venting bc I dont want to discourage him when hes improving. Anyone else perceive the chore imbalance as sexist even though you KNOW it's due to ADHD?
d2484fc0e6c309e5c89840dbbd6047dec773e32deffdf3bdb6873e773308ff50;;;Worried it is too little too late;;;I posted this elsewhere and realized that ONLY other ADHD partners will get it. Frustrating but so it goes.  My husband is a wonderful human. He loves me and cares for me and likes to do thoughtful things for me. The big problem, though, is that is surface level. Lurking under the surface is his constant need for sexual fulfillment and lack of impulse control. He has unmedicated ADHD.   I discovered he was contacting other women outside our marriage by accident the year after we got hitched. I then realized he had been doing it from the beginning. It didn't matter what I did, he still needed this zing.   So being the person I am (for good or bad, not fucking sure) I said we should try opening our marriage. For me it wasn't the sexual acts that bothered me, it was the lying.   Well, chronic lying goes hand in hand with chronic fucking up (in one's mind) from ADHD. He lies about dumb shit, big things, whatever.   So we are on this cycle where he cheats, I find out, I tell him I can't take it that he keeps breaking my trust, and he says he won't do it again. I do believe he THINKS he won't do it again. But the ADHD brain is a seriously rough reality when it comes to this.   So in our open relationship our parameters were that we needed to always loop the other person in, and that we were starting out just with physical needs and fantasies. We are both pansexual and pretty kinky, so talking about our desires was really freeing. We started communicating better than ever before. We had ground rules that if one of us started to develop feelings for another person, we'd say so and decide what would make sense going forward.   We have been open for 5 years and in that time had an MFM (so hot!) and I tried doing the stag thing once. But also in that time, he went to other women several times behind my back. Argh.   So the rubber really hit the road a few months ago when I decided to try out the hotwife thing. He'd been fantasizing about it since our MFM and I knew he'd find it hot. I also felt like fuck it. I am going to meet this man and see what I think, fuck him if I want to, and then tell my husband after for his enjoyment, too.   All of that went really well and everyone was into it. Until my husband found out (I told him and he saw my texts - this is allowed, not snooping, because of the broken trust) that I was falling for the other guy. He freaked out. He sent a very hurtful message to the other dude, and then started getting really close to another friend, disparaging me and saying very hurtful things.   Well. Apparently the combination of seeing me love someone else and my putting my foot down launched him into action. For the first time ever he has personally taken the step to get a therapy appt for his issues. This is huge.   But now I am feeling like a person that has been picked up by a twister and repeatedly slammed down. He says he loves me. I know he does. We have a kiddo together, and he is our world.   But I now find myself just wanting to be with the other person. Who hasn't hurt me and who feels like this missing piece. Hard to explain. But he is a soul mate or twin or whatever you'd call it. He has backed off wanting to give me space, but has said that he will be there in a heartbeat to try if I want to.   My husband has even said I can see how it is to date this other person, too. This was an amazing breakthrough.  I worry that this is too little too late. But the worst part is that even though he has been the one to break our trust, I am now the one who would be breaking up our family. It is awful.   I am on a waiting list for a sex positive and ADHD versed therapist in town. So. Here I am.  I know how this looks on paper, but living it and the 1000 great things about him are the reasons I've stuck it out. I just may have run out of my patience, finally.
06d1e39bb9cbad6bda578705dec0213e00226bbf3a0af2e2726c1bc5c5df1eda;;;Things my husband used to do that now make complete sense;;;Now this is back in the early days of our marriage, when I still was very much in love and eager to please, and as such crushed daily by the negative attitude and aloofness of my husband... I just thought about it as I am slowly finding my habits and what makes me happy from underneath the heartbreak.  So I have been making pancakes again every Sunday, to the satisfaction of my kids, and it has become a family thing that we are looking forward to. Well it reminded me that I used to do that when the kids were little, waking up early and cooking up a storm, pancakes, eggs, a nice breakfast on Sunday. My husband and kids loved it... until he actually started to make a face and looking disappointed. When I asked him why, he said it was nice, but just the same every Sunday... Boring and predictable... Not that he did anything to suggest something different or take any initiative. And the fact that it was a predictable, nice thing to look forward to, was the whole point for me. Because I felt hurt and disappointed at his lack of appreciation I ended up not doing it as often.  Same for the parc that was next to our house. This is easily one of the nicest parks in the place where we lived and many people would come from a distance to spend some time there on the weekends. We lived just across, which was one of the main reasons why we moved there in the first place. We had two young kids who loved it, and we usually went every day on the weekends, for a jog, a walk, to the playground, etc... (it's really big so you don't have to stick to the same area at all).   Well after a few months he just started going "oh no, not... Park, we ALWAYS go there...". Uh, yeah, it's the nicest Park in the region and a two minutes walk? The kids and us love it, or at least used to...? We could go to a different park but we would have to take the car and it would be less nice, more crowded, etc...? Not that he, once again, had something different that he wanted to do or suggest, just the wish to piss all over our simple pleasures and habits and complain apparently.  Of course it changed things for me, what used to be a nice family activity was now tainted, either I felt like I was forcing him to do something he didn't enjoy, or I was going by myself with the kids. Also since he was railing against how boring the Parc was, then our oldest started to declare it was boring too, making it harder for me to move everyone...  So now I understand that his adhd brain was craving novelty and that even pleasant activities he once enjoyed registered as the biggest bore on the planet but as I was making my pancakes it made me reminiscent of the small, subtle ways in which I had let adhd and this marriage ruin pancakes, then my favorite parc, etc... And ultimately my happiness. And I had no-one to share these thoughts with but you precious people.   Now I am out of this relationship and I am not saying that this is the only way, but please, whatever your situation, don't let your partner's limitations take away your joy. Keep doing what makes you happy, if they want to be sad sacks let them but you don't have to become one. Happy Sunday!
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Is this an ADHD symptom or?;;;Or is my boyfriend really just the asshole he keeps telling me he is?   I've posted on here a few times about concerns I had around his symptoms causing complications in our relationship that were met with comments on how it wasn't an issue of ADD, but an issue of a poor partner.  Because of this I am never sure anymore what's in my head and what's not, what I should be understanding of and what I should not tolerate. Any insight would be much appreciated.   He has a way of always phrasing things as demands. Even when his tone is pleasant, he makes demands of everyone around him. Making a demand is the fastest way to get me to *not* do something you'd like me to do. I often do it anyway to keep the peace.   It has been brought up in varying degrees of patience/anger and the conclusion seems to always be that he has a lot going on and that he will try to. Idk what try means to him but I have yet to see it happen.   Most recently you can literally see in a matter of 6 text messages that I mentioned making demands of each other is an unwise way to go about talking to each other to him making a demand to start prep for the meal we are about to cook together when he gets home.   If he *asked* I would have gladly done so. I did it anyways because I am so sick of my refusal causing him to have a negative attitude (possible way he shows guilt or shame?)   He is unmedicated because he doesn't like meds and hasn't gone to therapy since HS a decade ago because he doesn't like that either if that makes a difference.    Possible relevant info but not necessary to read:  He had a not great upbringing that gave him MANY awful coping mechanisms. I'm more than willing to stick it out with him while he works past this, especially since the same can be said of myself. I just never know when enough is enough.  We are trying to work on many communications issues at once between both of us. I worry about striking a balance of effort that keeps him from becoming too overwhelmed but also produces real life results. I fear that doing too little will end our relationship before we even get a real chance to change our behaviors.   It all feels much much worse when I am PMSing but even so, having constant fights one week of every month isn't working too well for wither of us as you can imagine.
5da16d1e997c5ae476c5fa0360cc4a60ca31e8871f0166e781fa6a8b198d4bed;;;Musings: Memos from an ADHD Wife with a non ADHD Husbands (or any other non ADHD partner).;;;Hello world!  As an ADHD wife, with a non-ADHD partner; I have recently decided to get treated with medication again. Although the medication helps on many levels, it doesn't do everything. *Because it is only of recent, within the last few weeks that I have learned how deeply ADHD behaviours have affected my marriage - I just want to share my thoughts and understandings at this juncture*. Of course this is just from my point of view but it may shed some light on what's going on inside our minds and at least help me get this off my chest.  **ADHD : no medication, when the meds wear off**  * We are constantly changing our minds and that's just us * **We don't intend to hurt you** or others by what we say, forget or don't say * We are very **emotional and overly reactive** \- but I assure you, once when we get upset and say something we don't mean, after some time - after we actually are able to cool off - we will usually see somewhat rationally again and say what we do mean. The intensity on how deeply we feel emotion is about 10x-20x how deeply you feel an emotion. * **We have no idea how much we live in awareness we have**  \- we are literally constantly distracted or daydreaming even if we think we are focusing * We are great at putting the **mask on of "normality"** and although we may get used to it - we are struggling inside in ways most cannot imagine. It zaps us of energy * **We are operating on auto-pilot**. We literally are a series of conditioned reactions. Not because we want to, but because until we are diagnosed and take action for some sort of treatment (medication, behavioural or both) - we have no idea that this is happening * When we are crying, upset or in a emotionally vulnerable state, **please don't give us advise - just listen to us compassionately.** Wait until we are calm and better to offer any advice. * You may feel like you don't really know us because we can't properly communicate our thoughts * **We may text you or interrupt a lot** **in conversation**\- but that's because we want to share something before we forget it. * Self confidence is usually low for us - and a chronic condition. Just as are negative thoughts.  * **We aren't lying** If it seems like we are lying, you have to understand that because our emotions and thoughts change so rapidly - we often have a different perception when answering your question the first time than the second time. Or we just freaking forgot. Our perceptions, and therefore related memories, change with our moods (which are related to our changing thoughts)  **ADHD :** **with medication/recently began being treated**  * **Give us some time to get used to our new working brains**. We are now processing things differently and beginning to see things with fresh eyes. * **ACCEPTANCE**. Please also give us some time to accept this entire ADHD diagnoses and the treatment. There is so much social stigma with it that it can be hard to swallow. For me, I have spent time looking back and seeing how many people I inadvertently hurt and have gone through periods of grief too. We may be relentlessly researching to understand ADHD, but understanding and learning is key for us to move on to acceptance * **Meds are only part of the solution** \- and that's if we can get them right. We also need to re-learn some habits that may not be addressed with medication; procrastination - how to organise - how to communicate - how to listen and a zillion other things. Your support is also invaluable and I ask that you all take the time to educate yourselves. * **The meds wear off** (psycho-stimulants) - and when they wear off, our ADHD comes back immediately (see first part of post). Until we get used to this and find/learn coping mechanisms this will happen  and/or the proper treatment has been found (duration of optimal efficacy with little or no side effects). It has to wear off sometime, or we may be up too late at night. * **If we behave differently** please let us know.  * **Remind us to be patient with ourselves.** Even with meds we still have this hardwired need for perfection and to get things done NOW. We aim for that even harder with meds sometimes. Remind us about this. * **We may re-evaluate life and see things from a new point of view because we are finally able to truly be self aware and introspect for the first time.**  There is so much more, but this is the info I felt like I wanted to share - some of the key points.  In short, depending on the person - we are often grappling just as hard as you are with this - and have been our entire lives. It's a struggle for both sides and it's best to do it together.  &amp;#x200B;
17401dbdeab5a6c7cee6c58fda6edd6916d7c7447ba74b5ed710a1ccd1f1847c;;;My therapist helped clarify my feelings about support;;;Last week, my ADHD partner and I had a long, difficult conversation. He felt like I wasn't being empathetic or supportive enough with all he's experiencing with his new diagnosis, and since I've been aware of the issue for years and am trying to work through my own anger and disappointment, a lot of empathy is not available at the moment.   I expressed to my therapist how frustrated I feel as a wife and partner, that I can't just put my arms around him and tell him it will be ok - because I can't muster it. She reminded me that so much of the time we've been trying to identify and work with the ADHD, I've been doing 100% of the work. I found the articles and seminars, booked the class and put it on his calendar, even found his therapists through the insurance my company provides. He's done so little so far but to feel bad for himself about all this, apologize to me as if it's intentional, and frankly, feel a lot of self-pity. She asked if he'd thought about all he's been asking of me. Planning, maintaining household and financial order, providing resources, AND empathy... and if it's even possible to give 100% of all of those things at once. I realized that no, it's not possible.   I've been backing off the mothering and reminding, letting him make his own mistakes and forget important things (as long as they weren't dangerous to the household), and he's aware that's happening but without the tools to help himself, he's not able to take full control and I know this. He's going through the steps of formal diagnosis and is already medicated, but now he has to find a therapist to work on cognitive therapy. I found that resource for him too.   She asked what I'd need in order for the frustration to take a back seat to the empathy and I told her "effort". I just want to see him find his own resources, make his own lists (that don't just affect his hobbies or interests), set timers for all the things I normally just handle because it's easier and I know it will get done, etc. and she suggested that his need for my empathy and support is equal to my need to see his effort. That took so much pressure off of me to hear, up until now I thought our house and my needs simply weren't as important as this big thing he's going through. But I'm going through it too and have been for years without him.   Because we had a good day yesterday, I'm holding onto that thought until tonight when we sit down to work on the homework for our ADHD &amp; Marriage class, when we'll be in a place to have that exact conversation.  So I'm forgiving myself for not feeling as much empathy as he wishes I would, and reminding myself that - I hope - this is just a really rough start to a very long process.
38db9a5af115be00d29978e68ac81d88408a13a27e0c260d389f738acb51edd3;;;Needing opinions/advice;;;Okay where to begin I (f 24) met my partner (m 22) nearly three years ago when we started uni since we were on the same course. From the beginning we were joined at the hip. He had a rubbish phone with no credit so I found it easier to just pop round rather than call etc. I was living with him from day one. Over the last two years we’ve argued about things like no being able to reach by phone (always on silent mode) and not listening to me etc. He also had trouble sleeping, concentrating in lectures constantly fidgeting. This lead me to research into adhd and I encouraged him to start the process of getting diagnosed as it being untreated was the root off most of our arguments. Fast forward to just over a month ago we finally got his diagnosis of inattentive adhd. We were so overwhelmingly happy to begin a new chapter in our life with treating his adhd. This was particularly important as the lease is ending for our house share and we want to try just living together us two. But I had to go home due to quarantine so we never got the chance to get his new medication together and he didn’t pursue it alone. I wanted to quarantine with him at our unis town but I found out my mum has breast cancer the day after we got his diagnosis. He was never very good at messaging when we’ve been apart during the holidays so I’ve learnt to wait for him to message me as that takes the pressure off him to reply to me as soon as I’d like. I asked him before I left to look after himself and let me or his family know if he needs money for food (bad with money as you’d expect) or just help in general as he has lost weight while being on his own before. During the first week he was on his own he missed his deadline and only realised as I constantly asked him to please write down when his deadlines are (as I have extensions). So fast forward to the point where he’s been on his own for two weeks he’s told me he’s back at his mums house because he was struggling so much while alone.He ran out of money and even when he got money from his family when he went to the shops he wasn’t buying stuff for meals. Also his shop was enforcing a one way direction through the shop so if he forgot something he couldn’t go back and get it. He had been rationing his food to keep going to the point when he got home he couldn’t eat a normal sized meal and felt sick. While I was worrying he had covid 19! A huge argument starts as he’s adamant he’s done no wrong etc and we’re currently on a break with break up being highly potential. I love him so so much and are very desperate for this to work. But now knowing he can’t function on his own makes me hesitant to move in with him. I’ve read many posts on this subreddits and they all say the same things as how I feel. Except it’s further down the line with marriage and kids etc. I don’t want him to resent me and me him especially when he’s so resistant to receiving help from me. I want to suggest not living together for a year so we have a chance to grow more independently but I also don’t want to throw him in the deep end. But then if I never give him the chance to live without relying on me or his family I worry I’ll be stuck looking after him my whole life when it’s something I can see myself doing out of love. Do you have any opinions or advice that might help? I don’t want to make a decision I’ll regret
bafda2c8e12894c335301c2f89f8f21400d83dfd083be2271293e1ae2ea0f95c;;;Starting to question if it’s worth it to keep pushing through the pain;;;DX You can read my post history if you want more background, I just need to briefly vent right now and ask for some advice. I love my boyfriend with everything in me but I can’t stand his flaws. I’m so miserable and the fact that nothing he does wrong is necessarily his fault makes me want to vomit because if I leave him for things he can’t control I will never forgive myself. I have no friends in real life and I don’t talk to my family about my relationship so I have nowhere to turn if we do split up. We have been together for nearly 6 years. I’ve never loved anyone or anything more, but I’m beginning to feel as trapped as I felt when I was a teenager living with my emotionally and verbally abusive parents, and yet all he does is love me. He makes mistakes but I know if the adhd was gone he would do nothing but love me entirely. How do you silence the growing resentment when there seems to be no real solutions to what’s truly eating at you? Are things just dead in the water? I want kids one day but Is it possible to be successful parents when the father is incapable of caring for himself properly? How can I expect him to help care for me and a child? I’m just exhausted.
ca80221521daae39a50d4f518325cbf943d30054d9bfb96445900cc52c9cbf5f;;;Just realized how much I spend on groceries;;;Just went over my expenses this month and found that I spent $800 on food between groceries/takeout/alcohol. I’m in shock. I prefer going shopping because my partner never remembers the things we need/I ask for and when I give him a list he still doesn’t go by it. It’s just easier to do it myself. I had no idea how much his ADD was literally costing me. He does shop sometimes and we take turns buying dinner but holy shit. We live together and his child from a previous marriage is with us half the time so we’re buying food for 2.5 people. If we were in theory paying equally for food we should NOT be spending $1600 a month. I want to ask to look at his expenses to see if we’re anywhere near equal. I’m scared of what I’ll find...
1c577de525ebf5db6deb7c9e2ff15891f02f890735e7b3b94f5e97b1a71471b9;;;I, non-ADHD spouse, am really, really, reallllly struggling with my DX ADHD spouse and my marriage;;;I am really struggling in my marriage. I share a lot camaraderie with others on here, and know this is a safe place to share experiences. I'm going to sum this up as best I can, so here it goes.  I have resentment. I have anger. I have sadness. And I have a lot of anxiety (recently put on anxiety meds). My dx ADHD husband became unemployed two weeks before we got married, which was in October 2018. He found part-time work in May/June of 2019 and became unemployed again due to the pandemic. He refused to take unemployment both times he became unemployed and I basically had to beg him and seek an employment attorney's advice so he would file for unemployment. I am self-employed and my business started to boom right around the time he became unemployed in late 2018. Of course this was good timing, but I effectively became the breadwinner (which I hate being) and it was the first time in my life where I could enjoy the money I made (I didn't make much starting out in business for myself at first), but this feeling of enjoying the money I make is kind of squashed with my unemployed husband and our bills. I forgot to mention that he would NOT discuss his unemployment and how it affected us, he'd refuse to talk about it and get short with me. I would acknowledge how difficult it must be for him and ask how I could help, yet he could not acknowledge the toll it took on me.  I do want to say my husband is trying, and I know he's trying in lots of ways (I do tell him this). But what I've come to realize is that while he had a good (ish) handle on his ADHD for him personally, yet it's affecting our marriage as we are a unit together now and I don't think he's considering how his ADHD affects our marriage. I find him to be selfish (I can list reasons), I find him dismissive of me and my needs (I can list reasons), he can have anger issues, not that I've ever felt unsafe physically, but I've certainly and often feel unsafe emotionally. This evening he asked what was on my mind. I shared, and he got defensive, basically told me I didn't remember correctly, I challenged him, and he became silent. I asked if he wanted to talk about what I brought up and he said "no" and shortly walked away and proceeded to get on a call with friends and laugh and act like everything is fine while I'm upstairs balling my eyes out feeling so unheard, so unseen, and frankly miserable in my marriage right now. I know the kind thing to do is be direct and I try, often (just like I did tonight), but am often dismissed and invalidated.  The good news is we are in counselling together and I am very grateful for that. We do not have kids, but I am terrified to have kids with him (these terrified feelings came after we were married seeing different sides to him: I'm nervous about his anger, I'm nervous about me having to be even more responsible in our relationship than I am now (I've tried to avoid the parent-child dynamic, but definitely feel it come out somewhat often, and I'm terrified that will only magnify when we become parents).  Long story short, I feel lonely. I am becoming distant to my husband. I am on anxiety medication. I am sleeping in a different room (the last few days and am crying myself to sleep each night). Our sex life is really dwindling. I think he is in denial about how we are as a couple even though I tell him I am really struggling.  Any advice (good/bad/in-between), and even encouragement would be awesome.   TLDR; I have anger, resentment and lots of anxiety in my marriage with my dx ADHD spouse. I am becoming distant out of resentment, I'm on anxiety medication, I sleep in a different room and am crying myself to sleep often, our sex life is dwindling and I think my husband is in denial even though I tell him I'm really, really struggling. We are in counseling together though.
d8b5fd8b455be5492c370a3d78b4e59db637ad07a193f232731cb97da90cbf06;;;Supporting someone with self worth issues;;;TLDR; My partner suffers from feelings of low self worth and dismisses his achievements. How do I help him recognise how well he's done?  He is very clever and has a masters degree and a job he enjoys but feels like he could have done better if he'd been diagnosed sooner. He was diagnosed part way through final year of university, before diagnosis (BD) he struggled with his degree, A levels, and GCSEs - achieving good grades but below what he should have achieved based on ability. After diagnosis, his performance at University increased dramatically. For example, he achieved a 2.1 degree overall but would have been able to get a 1st if he'd been able to perform over the 4 years in the way he could perform with his meds in final year.  He's actually achieved a lot. His ADHD is severe and his grades BD are testament to how hard he worked but he felt he was a lazy person BD and still feels that way sometimes now. He has a job he enjoys and they think highly of him, he has good friends, is well travelled, and has had some athletic success. He devalues these achievements with thoughts of what could have been if he'd been diagnosed sooner and by comparing himself to NT friends who have done better academically and professionally without recognising that they didn't have to fight for a diagnosis and treatment.  I think he's overcome a lot and done very well, but he doesn't see it. How can I help him recognise how well he's done?
65e8ba74684e150bdd85b2eeb0fcd5b06a89347d5237a9e8bd59e8441be43716;;;How do you work together?;;;Okay, so I'm in a bit of a pickle currently. My partner (Dx M31) sometimes comes with me to work so that he can get some volunteer experience (he's switching career paths so he needs some relevant experience before he applies). He's kind of like our office intern I guess. The latest thing I have asked him to do is help clean out storage. He told me sporadically what he needed from me leading up to this, and I made it very clear that I would not be able to help out today because I had back to back meetings all day. This turned into a fight today and he ended up leaving.   I'm not sure how to handle this situation - it keeps happening any time we ask him to come help us out with anything. There's definitely a weird dynamic between us when he comes to work with me... he wants me to help but then not micro manage and just let him figure out how to do things on his own. I don't know what he needs. He says he tells me, but maybe I'm just not getting it or reading through the lines well enough? Help! How do you get anything done when trying to plan ahead with your ADHD partner? Chores, events... anything! I'm frustrated and confused.
4d0adc37ce2a0b2ef40ab316763c16e4575f26a6f26279317abbd7021616c1b6;;;Partners ADHD Worse After Quitting Nicotine;;;After a few years together, my partner (32F) agreed to quit smoking cigarettes (previously a smoker for 20 years). Her health has improved, we are able to do more physical activities which is great and she's less likely to die a terrible death from cancer (all good things!)  However, I've noticed there has been an increase of ADHD symptoms since she quit that neither of us had thought about or prepared for.   Has anyone experienced similar and found any solutions?    My partner used medication growing up but due to side effects as a teen, is very hesitant to use any now. It's been about 2 years since she quit smoking so I don't think withdrawal is having an impact at this point but I could be wrong.   I do think she used smoking to escape anxiety inducing situations and give herself a break so replacement strategies may help that aspect.
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Disappointed ADHD testing results (that were wrong)- UPDATE;;;[This was my original thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/f2acgr/disappointing_and_confusing_adhd_test_results/) about my husband's ADHD test results that seemed very wrong and very lacking.  Turns out, they were. He just returned from his first CBT intake appointment, and as the Doctor went over the results, she was shocked at how poorly the testing was constructed. She marked the seven tests he was given and only one was relevant to his needs as an adult but the whole test she felt, was completely wrong and very inaccurate, more geared towards children and intellectual abilities with only one for ADHD.   She also explained that the medications he's on are working against each other directly, and he will need to be weened off of the anti-depressant before they can see the true effects of the Adderall XR, which is likely prescribed at too low a dose for his body type anyway. This explains his terrible sleep and mostly poor results from both meds.  If we get a bill from the testing I'm going to call the doctor and tear him a new one while refusing to pay, and hopefully this new doctor will also talk to his prescribing doctor to find out what on earth she was thinking with his prescriptions.  We started this process in November '18 and that it took this long to get to any kind of result is so, so frustrating. We both feel positive that his CBT Doctor is a great match with a ton of excellent info, and we're hopeful while also being really irritated.  PS - we found her on the [ADDitudes website](https://www.additudemag.com/) so for those struggling to find docs, start there.
06c2766a1d625b1372b7670df8f8982fedf46977028ec80108312a4306fd4215;;;Exhausted;;;Do you every just get tired. Like really tired....... Sometimes I look at other relationships and envy how simple they are. (I feel horrible saying this :( Sometimes I just really not in the mood for my SO to have a melt down or be grumpy. Sometimes when they are having a down day it’s literally like dragging another human around all day, like a led lined jacket. It’s exhausting. All I do is worry about wether they are okay. If they took their medication. If they got enough sleep. Have they eaten. I love my SO very much but sometimes I wish we had a normal relationship and I feel horrible for saying that.
bc4c09564ae6f75e0a148fffc7728d528ddd2263078f38ede86aec37afed4654;;;Better support or something else?;;;New to community.  Here’s my background 37F married 13 years (together 16) to 35m, two children 10M, 13F.  I adore my spouse. He makes me laugh, listens, and has seen me at my ugliest. He’s kind. Sensitive. Good father (although I do have to remind him to put down the screen.)  He’s medicated and has had a diagnosis for a half dozen years. Met with therapist this year, but stopped following up at some point during the year.   This year has been really hard. He was out of work for 6 months and I work in public service so I don’t make enough to support us. He has struggled with depression, which is now (knock wood) managed. That being said, we’ve talked SO MUCH this year. I feel like we’ve made huge strides in communicating and I think I’ve grown a lot in my understanding of what he’s going through.   Right now, we’re running short of money and he’s doing a small amount of contracting work. 3-5 hrs per week. He’s only sporadically applying for more work, so I feel like I don’t know what he does all day. He works from home. He doesn’t volunteer information about work, money, what he’s doing, how it’s going so I have to ask specific questions.   My question is— where do we go from here? I need him to work. I ask “do we need me to get a second job?” to which he says no, which is a reasonable response, he doesn’t want to say yes to that question. I hate even asking it, because I know he’s in a fragile place right now.   We’re trying a thing starting Monday where he is going to talk to me about the specifics of what he’s doing by midday or he’s going to come to town and work in a different place to hopefully break whatever cycle is happening in his head.   I’m really dedicated to this person, but I can’t lose my house.
ec352f5ba99202f8defb2f6a2ff6ef473d3a19592886b8d898856cd5b5d98d72;;;I’ve noticed my partners started using a kind of ‘gaslighting’ thing;;;He’s started kind of twisting reality, saying he said things when he didn’t like after I say I’ve cooked dinner again this was your day ‘but I said I’d cook and you said not to’, making up that I shouted when we were talking but I didn’t? Then when I say that didn’t happen ‘yeah well I feel..’ it’s starting to really confuse me.
79e45622dcbe68780b80799cec41a5ceddab8ffd6b202871b6d715c42051c325;;;I am getting really sick of this;;;My husband has aspergers, adult ADHD AND depression. I cannot say or do anything that will trigger him. I can’t disagree with him or tell him that he’s wrong. When I have a bad day, I just have to suck it up because his feelings are more important than mine. If I say something wrong or show him how I feel, he would get so angry and destroy the house (physically) or he would sit and cry. Sometimes I don’t even know what I did to trigger him, it’s all so random! And if I give in, he’ll stop and act like nothing have happened. Or if I lose control and started crying, he’d immediately stop and started being very chirpy.  I am slowly loosing myself. He blames me for everything, he takes his anger out on me, he keeps telling me how useless I am and how everything is my fault. He even told me that I need to take responsibility for his emotion because he has ADHD.  He started reading books about ADHD and learning about the symptoms. Then he started exhibit those symptoms is if he is copying what the book (he’s never done those before but he does it so much AFTER reading the book, even his coworker notices) I don’t know if he really does have the condition, or he’s ‘pretending’ to have it so he can blame everyone on the condition. I am struggling with anxiety and depression. I’m in med school and I am really stressed right now. He doesn’t make it easy for me. He add onto my stress.   He keep wanting me to change because ‘oh I have a mental condition and I can’t not hurt you’, or ‘oh this is my mental condition so you’ll have to deal with it’  I am suffocating here. I am afraid of him, I’m afraid that the next time he destroys the house and I happens to be in his line of sight that he will kill/ hurt me by accident.   He forgets that I, too, have a condition. I have ADD. I have anxiety, and I am depressed. But I am trying to not use those as excuse and to better myself,  but it seems to me like he is trying to victimize himself so he can say he’s like that because of the condition.   But when we have fun, we really have fun. When he wanted to be sweet, he can be really really sweet. But I just feel like I cannot go on like this any longer.   Am I missing something? I’m trying to be supportive and trying to ignore and forgive his behavior, but it feels like he just keeps taking and taking. I don’t want to leave him when he’s struggling with this, but I also don’t want to live like this anymore... do y’all have any advice?  Thanks in advance.
9301fb08b09045a288f15b9030d85afbe4b413871de2eaedb07a1217c196ae8f;;;Am I kidding myself that it will get better?;;;Hi, this is my 1st time ever posting on here and I'm sorry if its a bit long, I've never really gotten everything out before. I've been with my partner who has adhd for 10 years. Although we have known he has had the condition for a long time he was only recently diagnosed after years of me fighting on his behalf. I am always the one who contacts doctors for urgent intervention usually meaning some sort of short term medication to help level him out, I have advocated for him with professionals to get him the attention and care he needs which I absolutely do not mind as I know he can't get his brain to think about appointments or how he can help himself but the problem that I have is that he has very frequent meltdowns. They have gotten progressively worse over the last few years particularly this last year. When he is in a bad meltdown he destroys our house, so many tvs broken, mobile phones broken, holes in walls, glass, mirrors, wardrobes. It is awful to watch and I feel like I'm living on edge. He has never hit me or even made me feel like he could possibly hurt me, its all on himself. He becomes frantic and will scream and its really hard to pull him out of an episode. When he does come round the regret and feeling like his whole life is over comes so that's more talking around. He will become suicidal but not in the way where I worry he will do something it's more like he wishes he would die, he wishes he won't wake up etc he can't hold down a job. He forgets everything and is extremely impulsive. He has said he has no control over his emotions and the feelings of impulsivity. I know he is struggling massively and I see the pain in him when he's going through the bad moments and I want to help. My problem is its becoming harder and harder to cope with. When I feel like if I say the wrong thing if might trigger him and evolve into a massive meltdown, I feel responsible for him and I close of from family who do sort of know some that is going on. He has no relationship with his own family so it's all on me and his behaviour can be so so selfish. I deal with all the bills at home, sort out any car issues etc sometimes I wish I just had more of an equal relationship. When he is 'normal' he is the best partner ever and so supportive and helpful to my needs but that side of him is becoming less and less present and I don't know what to do. Does anyone else have a partner who suffers the same style of meltdowns? Any advice is welcome.
b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;It’s been a bad week. (Vent);;;My Dx’ed, medicated husband goes through periods where he’s really good. And then he goes through periods like this week, where I feel like I’m going to have a mental breakdown because I’m so tired of dealing with the chaos.   Let’s start it off with the money issues. We’ve always had problems with him overspending, but he’s overcome a lot of that. Not this week. I checked the bank account a few days ago to find that he’d spent $200 on a mobile game he plays in the past week. I was furious, and he was apologetic and promised to not spend another penny on it. I checked the account again today, and he’s spent another $50 on it, then denied that he did.   Then his job. Apparently he signed a contract extending his job today, a ceremony I was supposed to be there for. He didn’t tell me. Didn’t even mention it. We never agreed that he would sign the contract, how long it would be for, or which state we wanted to put in for. He just went ahead and made all those decisions himself and didn’t even tell me. I only found out because he called and told my dad. When I told him why I was upset, that this would affect my life heavily too for the next decade, he said he couldn’t see why I was so upset.   On top of that, he’s been in such a bad mood the past week, and he’s been taking it out on me heavily. I get being stressed out, but I get to the point where I dread him coming home and avoid him at all costs just so he won’t snap at me.    I’m going to stay at my mom’s house tonight before he gets home. I’m so upset and furious right now and I can’t believe how selfish he can be sometimes. Usually he’s so sweet and caring, then he gets in this moods for weeks at a time when he’s so selfish I barely even recognize him.
682b3f210fc907628daad376c7c0a75da38f91ef1fb145ff28108e0ac918390e;;;A guy I had been talking to pushed me away;;;I met this guy through the language exchange website. We live in different countries but we clicked, enjoyed talking and decided to talk and see what will happen until we meet in real. He was planning to move to study in my country this year but he could not do it because of corona so I'm not sure when he will come here. We had been talking for 8 months.  A problem is that he was really busy because he had 2 jobs so he messaged and called me less and less. It made me insecure and I asked him if I annoyed him a lot even though he said I didn't.   Until last week, we enjoyed talking but I got insecure so I told him sorry if I did something wrong. He said that I didn't but it annoyed him when I asked him that. And he said that he didn't understand why I think he hated me when he's busy. I said I felt bad because I asked him too much if he can call me. Then he said maybe we should have some space if he kept causing these problems. I told him that he didn't cause problems but no replies from him so I messaged him again if he wanna talk about a problem we had two days later. He said that he wanted to have some space because he's really struggling. He started drinking more so he gotta make himself together. I asked him if he seriously sees a time in the future we can work. He said maybe but he's really struggling with what the future looks like so he's not sure. Then, I asked him if he wants to keep talking to me. He said that not for now but maybe in the future. It made me upset so I decided to block him to move on.   I still don't know if blocking him was the right choice (I didn't block him on the language website but he didn't message me so I'm sure he doesn't care anymore) but I had to do it to move on... I wanted to wait for him but he said that he didn't wanna talk to me anymore. I still don't know why this happened suddenly like he changed his attitude. Maybe he likes someone else...  Has anyone experienced something like this? What should I do now?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;Adhd or narcissism - wondering/rant;;;I find that in my life Ive met two versions of adhd diagnosed people. Those who are highly empathetic, constant worries and more on the anxious side. And then those who are apathetic, avoidant and selfish.   Is the last version just all dicks who happens to have adhd or is it possible that personality disorders and adhd are being mixed up? So many of the stories I read here belongs in the narcissisticabuse sub, and I really find it concerning that so many partners are being emotionally, sometimes other ways, abused in the name of "they have adhd, they cant possible help it".  Ive heard endless stories of awful adhd relationships  now, but no where does it say that having adhd makes you act like a narcissist, and Ive met people with adhd who certainly arent like that. So whats going on? Do you think adhd is being diagnosed too rapidly? I also find that many adhd diagnosed dont get checked for co-existing conditions/disorders that they seem to have.
68fe62e7874fafef1c6ae2724e0de09d005d65df7350da636d9e72f2a229ac8a;;;Question about Assigned Flair;;;Why is this subreddit assigning me flair without my input? On top of how innapropriate that is, their choice is.... rather incomplete, to put it mildly. I've messaged the mods about this, but it definitely feels like a consent violation and putting words in my mouth. If the lack of flair is an issue they were certainly free to ask me to change it.  &amp;#x200B;  I am open about my ADHD diagnoses here (and about the diagnoses of the person who is still my legal spouse )  but that hardly gives someone else permission to label my posts with a warning that I have a neurodevelopmental disorder without my input. It's also noteworthy that the choice they made was DX, not Ex-partner of DX, when both are true.   This is exactly as inappropriate as if the mods decided to add a label that said "Lesbian" to each of my posts - equally true, would be fine with my consent, but absolutely, wildly, out of bounds to do without it.
e8e04b68672d27eda1e6d28434f54b8ab70e1b06a9162e38018d08d7a532af12;;;Does it get better?;;;My husband’s (30M-DX) ADHD imploded our marriage. It took him losing his job, failing out of college, and our separation/impending divorce for him to finally realize that he needs to treat his ADHD.   He was diagnosed initially as a child, but comes from a narc family and his parents refused to let him be treated. We both have a lot of anger towards his parents as he is incredibly intelligent and his life now would be so different if they had just started treatment for him as a child.   He is finally on medication. We’ve struggled to get him consistent therapy-he doesn’t have a therapist right now and is sometimes resistant to the idea. Any help in getting him to see that consistent therapy is crucial?   Likewise, his ADHD created major anger and resentments in me for the years of our relationship where I had to nag him to do anything at all. I have always felt very lonely in our marriage. He ruined his credit, forgot to pay bills, wracked up debts and has collections out, etc.   He is trying, but I still do the majority of the emotional and mental labor in our relationship. I’m tired, really, really tired. Coupled with other issues in our relationship, I’m ready to throw in the towel. I guess I’m asking if it’s even possible for him to improve? Can he get to a point where he can function as an independent adult? I can’t do this for the rest of my life.
3a91457c07459ea220c1cf78fe3ad5bc4e9f327243e3843ee2dec009dd6dba6f;;;My (19f) boyfriend (20m) tried to break up with me;;;My boyfriend is the dx. He also has social anxiety and possibly depression. I have persistent depressive disorder and general anxiety disorder. Dating for just over a year, although we were also fwb the year prior while I was in an open relationship. He didn't know about the open relationship at the time, but he does now.   For some background, we recently got into a fight. I made some jokes about transphobic people at his house, his sister heard and decided that she was uncomfortable with me being in the house unless I promise not to make those jokes. I refused to promise that, so my bf told me that she said I was no longer allowed in the house. I got mad at him for not standing up for me, and eventually because he shares some of the same views as his sister. I broke up with him out of anger, but we got back together the next day. I am prone to angry outbursts, but I think they are always justified. While we were broken up, I reached out to an old friend that I used to hook up with. I had wanted to talk to him for a while because he has met by boyfriend's sister and they apparently talked about me, which the sister told my bf about, which caused a fight between us months ago because he slut shamed me over it. The only reason I had not talked to my friend yet is that I knew it would make my boyfriend jealous. My boyfriend and I have gotten back together and I continue to talk to my old friend, there are no feelings between us and we're both in relationships. My boyfriend is jealous that we're friends, but he is friends with his old girlfriend from high school. I think he should just get over it. Also, I like to playfully tease my boyfriend sometimes, but I don't mean anything by it.   Since getting back together about two weeks ago, we have had one conversation about it. I assumed this was just the first conversation and that we would keep working on it.   My boyfriend had been pretty much ignoring me for a few days, and then yesterday he asked me if I wanted to talk on the phone. When I did, he said that we should stop seeing each other. When I asked him why, he said that I hurt his feelings by teasing him, he was upset that I was talking to my friend again, and that he had been lying to me about things because he didn't want to hurt my feelings. He also doesn't like that I'm not friendly with his sister. He had never told me any of this or given us a chance to talk this out before breaking up with me. I asked him what he had lied about to protect my feelings, and he said some things about his sister's beliefs, and that he had lied when he said he trusted me not to cheat on him with my friend.   He also said that he believes we are in an enmeshed relationship. I don't feel enmeshed with him at all, but I think he might be enmeshed with me. He said that he feels my emotions as well. When I am sad, he is sad until he can make me happy. He is afraid to tell me things that he thinks will upset me. I don't really feel the same toward him, and I don't expect this from him either. I've told him before that I am depressed, but I don't need him to fix me and that is not his job. And we disagree on things sometimes without issue, like bdsm or astrology, but the only thing that has caused a big fight like this is our differences of opinion on trans rights. I don't know and am worried that I might be subconsciously encouraging him to be enmeshed with me. I also think his enmeshment could possibly be because of the emotional dysregulation that is common in ADHD.   I was able to convince him that we should talk and try to work this out before breaking up. I also apologized for hurting his feelings with my teasing. I did establish a boundary that he is allowed to be jealous, but he can't control who I am friends with. I'm also pretty firm in that I don't like his sister and plan to interact with her as little as possible. Other than this disagreement, she has also tried to argue with me about my racial identity (I am mixed) and say that I am the same as white people who claim to be 1/64th of something "exotic" because I identify more with one side of my family over the other. My boyfriend was present for this argument and also did not stick up for me at all. I am also the child of an addict, and she enabled her addict boyfriend to relapse. So I don't like her, and I feel fair in that. I don't verbally attack her, I just don't engage with her at all and ignore her when she talks because she annoys me.   I asked him if he agreed not to break up because that is what he wants, or if he was just doing it so as not to hurt me. He said he didn't know.   I want to work this out, but I don't know if its even possible. I am confused, and hurt that he has apparently been lying to me. Before this I considered him to be the most honest person I knew. I am grateful for any insight or advice you may have. I am mostly confused about if there are things I have been doing wrong that I'm not seeing, and what I can do to help with his enmeshment and set boundaries in that regard.
29b39f3f9c8392eded59822708cf56de4581d4d5858e1a09ed574ecfe4524e29;;;My ADHD-Partner doesn't spend time with me;;;Hey everyone im kinda new to the group and would appreciate some advice/TLC.   I have been with my ADHD boyfriend for nearly 3 years.  I do not want any advice to leave my partner, that is not happening. We have a good relationship, however I feel like he doesn't understand my feelings or needs.   He works as a nurse and when he comes home from work (around 10 pm) wanna spend some time togheter to talk about our days and do some activity togehter. When he comes home however we only talk for like 5 minutes before he goes on his computer and talks to his friends/play with them and doesn't leave his computer until he goes to bed at about 1 am   I have mentioned my dislike if this behavior a couple of times but he doesn't change his behavior. He says that he is socially tired after work and just needs to relax but I dont understand how talking to his friends instead of lets say whatching tv with me is more relaxing.   How do I make him understand that I want to spend time with him/make him want to spend time with me?
7d68709600208579c640d41e1498d4d7f9561bb0d94e3d5e045788a6fa236123;;;Spouse tried new ADHD med for a month, it didn't work, now trying a different one;;;Husband went on ADHD meds for the first time a month ago, Vyvanse. At first it seemed like a clear change, he was energetic and his work snapped into focus\*, he cleaned the kitchen and got a lot of stuff done. He said he felt (and seemed very) wired and over-medicated. He couldn't sit still and was very antsy to keep moving and doing. Until....7:30 pm when he'd crash and space out, then couldn't fall asleep at night. We couldn't enjoy evenings out because he'd suddenly become so unfocused that it was distracting for us both. When it wore off, it was like the ADHD came back much worse which made conversations frustrating and not enjoyable.  That went on for about a week but by the second week through the end of the 30 days' of pills, it wore off completely. His work began to suffer again, he'd forget why he went into rooms or start tasks and not finish them. His appetite is still affected, but the drug isn't doing what they'd hoped. He became really frustrated at the slide back down.  His doctor just switched him to Strattera, a non-stimulant, to see if that might help set a baseline for what to expect. If this does not work, she'll do some testing for him and put him on Adderall or something similar. We knew there would be some trial and error, so this is that.  \*Funny (to me) effect: When we talked about how work was going for him, he said he realized suddenly that perhaps his job wasn't as demanding and taxing as he thought it was, and might actually get a little boring in parts. Once he got his tasks and systems in order, everything went much smoother and his thoughts weren't competing for space in his mind where he'd then get overwhelmed. He described his days and to me, with my "typical brain", it sounded like MY day but for him it was a total change of pace that he's still struggling to articulate and understand. It made me realize just how long he'd be living in mental chaos.
14acecc87fab2748e0c5a356e676f091fca6f696ab39feb362ca4c573ca49c88;;;Calling all parents with unmedicated partners;;;My [34F] husband [32M] has ADHD and does not take medication nor wants to. All of the little inconvenient things that used to impact our relationship have become much more impactful now that we have our first child [1M] because they now affect our child and family unit more significantly. So my question is, how have you coped with this? How have you maintained your serenity when dealing in this dynamic? What changes have you implemented? How have you communicated about it?   I should mention that I believe he knows his shortcomings and is probably scared because he doesn’t seem to want to participate in care taking. He will hang out with me and our son, but he has guided our dynamic to a place when I take on most of the care—to the point that we (I) have to seek out a babysitter just to do something small like go to a quick appointment. Anyone with experience with this too, please share! We are both high earning individuals but he has an incredible job at the moment that doesn’t even allow me to justify going back to work (luxury problem I know). I’ll also note that this incredible job is NOT demanding of him time-wise and he acknowledges that openly.
f22c5780e8bf9cca23bee0fd92ba506546c6be7378ae52864803370f029d1e15;;;I don't want to give up on him.;;;I'm the non-ADHD partner, 36F, while he is a non-diagnosed (but clearly has ADHD) 48M. We aren't legally married but have been together for 14 years and have two kids: 12m (diagnosed with ADHD/depression/anxiety/conduct disorder, in weekly therapy, doesn't take meds), and an 8m.   The week has gone like this; I worked 62 hours last week at work and 47 hours this week at work while he took the week off, I am exhausted....to say the least... He had a "list" of household repairs he was going to complete and "ideas" to keep him occupied... By last Saturday I knew something was up. He was being weird. He had only been on vacation for less than 24 hours. By last Sunday he was telling me he was depressed. He wanted to go back to work. By Monday it got worse. It started to rain here, which apparently, he hates. It made his mood worse.   Christmas Eve wasn't what I envisioned. I made so much money in overtime I had planned (like I ALWAYS plan EVERYTHING), a nice family dinner out. The expensive filet mignon, and shrimp didn't make him happy. He mentions he needs a doctor. He needs meds...He acted this same way on Thanksgiving...  Setting out gifts for the kids seemed to cheer him a bit..but then he started to have anxiety over gifts; did he get the right ones for me? He can't wrap them nicely. He can't find something he bought me....and so on.  Christmas Day comes and of course I plan the whole thing. His family, not mine (that's another story!) come over, including his mother. Long Christmas Day story short, the dinner wasn't ready when I initially thought it would be, because apparently, our oven is broken! So his mother sends her granddaughter in to tell me, "if dinner isn't ready soon I'm leaving" ok. Bye. This isn't a restaurant! I'm a professional chef damnit, but I'm not her personal chef!!! I didn't know at the time, but the mother said this comment in front of my partner, and my partner said nothing to his mother to defend me. I didn't have to host Christmas. Everyone was hungry. Just because you're elderly doesn't give you the right to be rude in someone else's home!!!   The next day, my partner was hungover. He wanted to lounge and watch TV for the day, so I joined him. He asked me if, the following evening, I was interested in going to get something to eat with his friend who was visiting. I said ok. Then he mentioned that maybe he would cook dinner at our home and his visiting friend could come here to eat. Then, suddenly, plans have switched back to going out to dinner. Then, later on, he tells me he forgot, he made plans with his mother the following evening. His mother's college football team is playing and she will be coming to dinner as well. I wasn't interested in seeing his mother, considering her shitty comment about my late dinner. So I trudge through a puddle of water on my way to bed, because the roof leaks, because he won't, or can't, or doesn't want to call the home owner's insurance and have it fixed. We aren't married. This isn't my mortgage. I can't call. And I just get so angry. And I turn around and go back to the living room and tell him to fix up this shit hole we live in!!!! And please, please, seek psychiatric help, because the ADHD is outta control. "Ok. I will. But can you find me a doctor?"................  When I get home the following evening, my partner has completely changed plans again. His friend and him have decided going out to eat is too expensive, however, going to a bar isn't. And the mother won't be going because he isn't happy with her, concerning her attitude about Christmas dinner being late.   Having it been an extraomg holiday season, I think it would be a good idea for us to spend New Year's in the mountains somewhere, without kids. So I start searching Airbnb for a deal, until I remember that I promised myself I would stop planning things. Because I plan every event, every date, every dinner, every trip, every vacation. But I never get something nice planned for me. So I say forget it, and stop planning anything for New Year's.   Fast forward to Saturday. I go into work early and come home at 2:30pm and my partner is in bed, asleep, and my bedroom smells like a bar. He's asleep and it's 2:30pm and he's pushing 50! WTF?!?!?! Whatever. Just. What. Ever. I go about my day, cleaning up Christmas crap. He finally gets up and I offer to make him soup. I am very nice, but I'm still just so disgusted with him.   Today at work I did a half day. So I got home about 10:30. My partner is still in bed. About 11am he moves from the bed to the couch to watch football. I guess we are sitting around again all day? "Well what do you want to do?"....like I said, I always have to plan things.     I don't even know what I feel towards him right now.He hasn't done a thing he said he would. I feel like Im dating a teenager!!! I feel so many things from so many of the behaviors he has shown, they're all negative, I can't even put it into words. He asked me what was wrong and I told him I needed me to leave him alone. I told him I didn't want to talk. He got angry and told me I was emotionally abusive because I was giving him the silent treatment. Then he stormed off.   So now, here we are. Pissed off at each other again.
b6e957bb2ef22d15fba56b5aaf362e110caeed74f81c910acb1320dc2df2e3b6;;;Does anyone actually have a healthy sex/intimate life with their ADHD partners?;;;My spouse has no understanding of foreplay or initiation &amp; I feel like they don’t care at all. All of my past relationships were really intense sexually &amp; I always felt desired. Now we don’t even kiss except to say goodbye sometimes, we barely touch at all. After 4 years of marriage our sex life doesn’t even exist anymore. At this point I feel like the sex/intimacy part of our relationship is dead &amp; I have a messy roommate or kid. There was some trauma in their past that caused issues around sex but it wasn’t like this in the beginning. Now I’m wondering if the ADHD is the really issue more than the past trauma. While it doesn’t seem to bother my spouse I feel like it makes me less close &amp; more agitated by the bad habits.
d8db037ee0c4197d8db416c18f3387b3ca24958af357b7e1e2e48f6fceca0b90;;;Emotional support;;;Warning this is a bit of a rant... My husband has diagnosed ADHD and I have depression/anxiety...maybe we both have other stuff that’s undiagnosed(?) but anyway...when I am depressed I just can’t see the good in myself and feel anxious and hopeless about the future and I think I would like some emotional support from my husband, some words of encouragement, some advice...idk...just compassion and patience and kindness. Sometimes he really tries but he gets annoyed easily and if I disagree or am self deprecating he starts raising his voice and can make some mean/unhelpful comments...or like invalidate my feelings and just walks away and sometimes says things like “yeah I guess I am a horrible person” when I tell him how he is making me feel by acting that way.  I know it’s hard sometimes to deal with me but I just end up feeling so alone, like he gets emotionally detached and I have no one else to talk to that I feel would understand.  Another separate problem is that sometimes I get jealous of his ADHD diagnosis because at least he has a reason to be the way he is, and he was concrete tools, medicine and methods he can try to improve or help him, but I have a lot of the same issues ADHD people have, just don’t have ADHD so I feel like it’s all my fault and I am just a spoiled lazy brat who can rarely find motivation to do the most basic things and who is not passionate about many things and depend on my husband too much and so I partly get why he sometimes gets annoyed with me and maybe even resentful and when we fight the things he says sometimes are true, just said in a mean and hurtful way... Ok, rant over. Any advice would be appreciated. Feels nice to vent.
9b076fe339715be806b825f67811d8e151c11a072b8cc14fd5f1184de59baf97;;;Is he addicted to gaming?;;;The other day I hit a limit, of feeling like a second priority to World of warcraft. In the months up to, I have expressed many times how it makes me feel but he wont hear me at all. He plays everyday,  almost all day. He skips eating, sleep to play. When he's not in front of the computer the game is still on which he needs to check up on. He will take time off to watch a movie with me, but wont shut off the game unless I beg him to, which doesnt necessarily help either. The other day I broke down crying, and told him how lonely it makes me feel in the relationship. He became defensive, acted apathetic and immature, and told me his gaming friends was nearly as important as me. He ended up stopping the conversation so he could go back to his game... He later that night came to apologize when his game was done, ofcourse. Next day, yesterday, I was still upset yet decided to let him show me his apology was sincere. I showed him a book about adhd in relationships we could read together, and he said he would like that.  Everyday sunday night he has a game, and its fine with me. He has explained to me how these people expects him to play then. He left the livingroom and said he would get ready for the game. Two hours later I came to the bedroom thinking he was almost done, but the game hadnt even started, he had just been playing up until.  It got pretty late, he was still gaming. I was starting to get upset again. I went back to the livingroom to have a cry. Surprisingly he came to me and told me he would stop playing and be there with me. That made me really happy. He told me he would take a week off gamimg and focus his attention on me. I felt hopeful. We watched a film, talked, cuddled. It felt better.  This morning I wake up early, have to go to school. And there he sits, infront of his computer again playing. I point it out, and there is absolutely no sense of shame or regret in his voice.   He seems completely in denial about his behaviour. Ive told him its making me rethink the future of our relationship, yet still he picks his game. He says Im his first priority but thats just not true. This denial, defensiveness, lying to only play more, reminds me of the behaviour of an addict.
2ee23a9ecbc7a01176c3c5899e1115cbe9f6b621721aa54177936652fdee97f7;;;Spouse and Kid are killing me;;;I married what I thought was a together, motivated, semi-organized person 20 years ago, and we had a kid 13 years ago. Kid was diagnosed ADHD about 6-7 years ago, at which point spouse announced they also had ADHD.   Every speck of ADHD literature I have read has one piece of advice in common: structure and routines. I am the breadwinner, spouse stopped working when the kid was small, and is now stay at home parent. Which is to say, my own ability to implement structure and routine is limited, as I am literally not present from early morning to early evening. Kid is late to school a couple of times a week, homework doesn't get done, house is a disaster. I come home and spouse is usually sitting in the middle of the mess, kid running wild, homework not done. Most times I just swallow it and start cleaning up the mess, trying to get the kid to do what he needs to do, other times I ask spouse if there's something I can do to help. I go back to the familiar refrain: structure and routines. I can't make you do this but I will help in any way I can. Everything will be easier if you can get into a rhythm, I promise.   This is met by one of two responses. About 25% of the time, it's "I can't do it, I need help, let's work on something together, I promise I'll follow through, please help me." The other 75%, it's "FUCK YOU, BACK OFF, I'M AN ADULT." Either way, nothing changes. I work with spouse to create a routine and it gets ignored. We discuss house rules and they are forgotten within days. I point out that kid is breaking a rule Spouse thought of right in front of them, and Spouse acts as though a) they have no idea what I'm talking about and b) I'm an asshole. I've tried every version of helping I can think of: getting super involved, backing way off, everything in between.   And that was before covid. Now Spouse is homeschooling the kid (I could not believe Spouse wanted to do this but I figured it beats paying for super pricey ADHD school that will likely shut down again, and Spouse used to be a teacher), kid is running wild, they are getting maybe an hour of work done per day, kid entirely setting the agenda, while I work from home in the basement. I can see what's happening, and I'm trying to help as best I can, but getting a lot of resentment for interfering. It's like I am parenting both of them, and I don't have the best control of my temper, I find myself doing a lot of yelling when I'm repeating direction (that started out gentle) for the fifth time. Spouse seems to feel that the whole problem with our family is that I'm angry. And I am angry, but I'm not angry at nothing. Kid talks back in a super shitty way when I ask them to do super basic things, it turns into an argument, spouse watches in total silence, and then wants to tell me everything I'm doing wrong.   I saw an article in an advice column recently that said, if I had been able to see my future with this partner I never would have married them, and since then I can't get it out of my mind. I don't want to break up, it's the only thing I can imagine that would make things worse, and believe it or not I really love my spouse -- except as a co-parent. We are a great match, a great couple in most ways, but a terrible match as parents. I am well aware that I have my flaws, it's true I get angrier than I should, but I deeply resent being treated as though the whole problem in our house is that I'm not sucking it up well enough.    How do I get back to sanity? I am finding myself feeling that I hate them both, and like my only recourse is to stop caring -- stop caring if the kid gets educated, stop caring if anything gets done around here, stop caring if the place is a mess.
0d42fffdd34639926fa01f31a91c8560906dc1e0bf43b9f67bcaee223455b3b9;;;how to save friendship with ADHD friend Questions/Advice/Support;;;Hi :) I know this is called "ADHD partners", but I thought that maybe someone could help me with a friendship too. Hope this is the right place to post :)   &amp;#x200B;  TLDR at the end :)  ***Relationship dynamics***   My best friend has ADHD; lives in Japan. I am Austrian. We've become really close during my stay in Japan and due to the pandemic and our work/university circumstance remain in close contact via Skype. Maybe we've spent too much time together lately.  ***The general problem: I cannot rely on an agreement or time commitment that was made***   Most of the times we agree to something at a specific time, it ends up being later. Sometimes I get a heads up, sometimes not. Sometimes I get a repetition of "wait 15 more minutes" a few times. This basically keeps me in an indefinite waiting loop until she is done with what she's doing. It makes me anxious and prevents me from doing other things.  ***An example - Yesterday's fight***   We both agreed to watch a movie in 30 minutes. After those 30 minutes it was a constant "I'm sorry, just wait a liiittle bit longer" until 90 minutes have passed in total. I was not doing anything during the last 60 minutes, because it was always "just wait a bit, I'm done soon". After those 90 minutes I was quite annoyed and told her. The last thing in those 90 minutes was a work email she had to reply to. Now, because she thinks breaking the agreement was "out of her control", I should not blame her. Summary of her words: "It's nothing I can control, so why are you blaming me for unavoidable things? Why are you not accpeting my valid reason (--&gt; had to send a work email; that was only 10 of 60 minutes)??? You disrespect me by disregarding my reason. Why am I always the only one being blamed? You are late too, so why do you always blame me?" I try to be understanding. I am trying to actively take responsibility for my part, try to understand her view without blindly agreeing to things I don't think are true. I am only met with blame and disregard. Didn't get even a "sorry"...   ***\*\*\*First question: How do I NOT blame her when calling out HER mistake. Telling her what part of her behaviour I didn't like is basically blaming her, right? Did I understand something wrong? How do I not blame someone if I think at least part of the problem is their fault?\*\*\****   I already admitted the parts that I didn't really do well and apologised for them, I decided to improve them --&gt; should've chosen my words more carefully, friendlier tone, should've stated expectations precisely and communicate more directly. (It is also partly my fault because I try to be understanding, so I've let is slip very often. It's probably not called being understanding, but being enabling.... I haven't told her this)  ***\*\*\*Second question: What strategies can I use to not have problems like this happend again? I feel like this is quite a big problem that might cause great harm to this friendship...\*\*\****   Being in the constant waiting loop stressed me out, makes me anxious and annoyed. It wastes my time. This in turn makes me angry at her, which then slowly degrades the friendship....  TLDR  My long distance best friend's (lol that sounds funny) ADHD causes her to break many commitments we make e.g. watch a movie at 3. It feels like I am kept in the indefinite waiting loop until she is done with all the "just 10 more minutes" things. I feel anxious and and like my time is wasted. This sometimes leads to big fights. Could you give me any advice or strategies of things I can do so these things happen less often. I'd be sad if the friendship ends. I am trying to be understanding, but in turn I become enabling, I think... I am not good with boundaries, what is acceptable or not etc...  ***I am thankful for any practical adivce, actionable startegies, hints or just kind words***  ***Thank you so much!***
3627ecc5388e2cddcc05114dc6a8b196b36b3f96fb457392b2d8b8244d033a4e;;;Feeling like a Monster;;;So my partner has pretty undiagnosed ADHD. The psych tests thought maybe Bipolar but were inconclusive. He doesnt have bipolar cycles, and in was so confused. Until a good friend told me to look up ADHD and OH. MY. GOD.  So, we got married last summer. Our first few months were HELL. He quit 3 jobs, nearly ruined our marriage by signing up for military against my beliefs, blew rent money I had earned, etc.   Finally he calmed down and got this amazing job that allows him to use his strengths daily.   I dropped my career and living in California, to moving to the cold midwest where I made 3 times less. I had to support us both ok $10 an hour for a couple months.   We just moved again. We had 2 weeks notice before his job transferred him to a new city, I had to quit my job, find a house, and a new job.   He got the responsibility piled on him at work, and worked 13 hour days. By his choice. He could have worked 8, but he chose to do the 13 hour days.   I was alone, job hunting, in a new city. Idk, I just snapped. It's been 6 months of hell and chaos, and I feel like a monster. Getting married to this made all my ugliness come out.  Hes late to EVERYTHING. by about 2 hours. On a miraculous day, its only an hour. He ignores me, doesn't ask about my day. He can't focus. Cant get the necessary life things done.   I finally get it, if he is ADHD. He gets so hurt, saying hes trying his best, and this is the hardest hes tried in all his life.   I feel like a terrible, terrible monster, because all I do lately is snap.   I want to love him in all his loveliness, his scatter, his tardiness. But i have been terrible in doing that.   I feel like a failed wife.
63bd696f6207fa857344e88a6b462e90b3c3ef0782877138088ea4b44238f2d8;;;My (21F) partners (22M)(DX unmedicated) drinking habits seem too relaxed;;;I understand with lockdown/quarantine that life is more dull and boring and my partner is struggling the most with this. His hobby is the gym, more specifically lifting weights which he can't mimic at home, so we've been sat mostly watching TV, playing video games and at the weekend - having a drink.  We used to go out most weekends to the pub and then clubbing so we drink fairly regularly outside of quarantine. I think in these situations it's acceptable to drink a fair amount and feel drunk...but not doing the same thing at home each weekend.  Every weekend he's gotten more excited to drink and seems to want to more often. I'm tired of it and want a weekend off. He also says things like 'I'm going to have a break this weekend' but then the suns out, he's having a good day and decides to have one, two, three, four.  He doesn't drink to be tipsy, he drinks to get drunk and that's my issue. It doesn't feel relaxed enough for me at any time that we've had a drink. He also likes to have a joint before bed and struggles to relax enough to sleep without it (ADHD brain).   We've spoken about it and he's tried to reassure me that it's because he's bored and it's just a nice thing to do at the weekends but I fail to see how it's not healthy.   Do you guys have any tips on how to approach this differently as I think he seems to feel I'm boring and not letting loose but on the flip side, I feel like he's too loose?  Am I being too uptight? I just feel like we want different things and my ideas are more mature, possibly.
ae6d38ac965960afe84f580fe351266668b00cbb24eb24cd47d6c0bac8b2d094;;;Hard time with NDX ADHD boyfriend;;;I've been with my boyfriend for a bit more than 2 years. We met online and got to know each other effortlessly, since every interaction seemed straightforward and there wasn't any friction at all. But it was also at a time of change in our personal lives, as he was going to start focusing on his master's degree and I was going to start my second bachelor's degree in a city far from my hometown. Since we don't share the same hometown, we planned to hang out together every now and then to enjoy the time we had left until I had to leave and stay far away for some time, so we met each other's friends, showed places to each other from our hometowns... but then I had to go and as soon as our distance grew large so did our troubles. I probably won't remember many details of the troubles that arised from this, but I'll try to select and describe the relevant parts.  At first I was adapting to a new environment, didn't know anyone in this city and being a bit older than the real freshmen in there I had some hard time bonding with them. This would result in some worry, uncertainty and stress on my part, and there was this problem with my boyfriend during this "start" that I remember: I asked him to let me know he had arrived to his destination on a trip he was going to with his college friends (over the weekend probably). I remember clearly calling him during my lunch break (not sure if it was the same day or the next one) while crying on the phone outside of the campus so nobody could see me like that, because he hadn't reached back to me. He also cried on his side and told me he had forgotten to check his phone as he was just enjoying the trip, which I can understand at some level. His college friend got into the room to ask him to help with preparing the salad for their lunch and he said he had to go. We had a phone call at night and everything was better (not sure if it was the same day or the next one).  Most of the issues arising after this were about me not handling being all by myself properly, as I have yet to figure out the hobby I really appreciate do to in long term and a hard time starting and sticking to different/stimulating activities to do. As a long distance relationship, we tried to dedicate some time to ourselves through calls and plan out what we could do together at a given time, as we had to check with each other's schedules what was the best moment for us. I ended up clinging to my boyfriend for all sorts of purposes, probably a bit too much that it stirred a lot of troubles. Most of them were me complaining about: him not feeling interested in watching series' episodes or playing games together out of the blue during those specific times, him not telling me that he got home safely after a night out of drinking, him complaining and sighing about general situations in life that displeased him but having a passive approach to them, and so on.   At some point I searched and found there were psychology appointments in my college, so I signed up for it and hoped I could get help on not clinging on my boyfriend so much and adapting to my new reality - being alone in a new place seems to be much harder than I initially thought. My psychologist digged a lot into my early life/personal scars/traumas and sometimes I feel like some fascinating discovery to her in a weird way (although she really likes to talk to me, help me and has taught and motivated me in mostly everything I present to her).   More issues between us were piling up and a somewhat common solution became to talk to my psychologist about it and see what would her opinion be on this matter, as we would start to agree to disagree on most of them. She advanced that he could benefit from professional help aswell (based on problems I have with his close group of friends (not his college friends)), and even suggested that she can invite him over to this city and have us speak to her presently if he agrees to it. When I got the information to him he refused to consider professional help as "they will only prescribe pills that won't do anything", while I would explain that psychologists cannot prescribe pills and that nobody can force him to take them.  These problems I mention about his close group of friends is about them not being the most welcoming bunch while I was trying to fit in and get to know them since they play video games together and my own group of friends was going through a rough patch. They have known each other for years and it's basically impossible to change their own ways, so I gave my best shot at it and once it backfired I stopped trying and preferred to stay out of that additional trouble. I asked my boyfriend to keep private things with him but he shared with them, my boyfriend seems to have much more fun with them than with me, like I'm a bore, and I heard from my boyfriend that they would mock the way I am when I'm not around and excuse themselves by saying "it's just a joke", but I cannot help but feel sad to know that my boyfriend had laughed with them about it too, like I'm a joke for being the way I am. This close group doesn't know anything about my boyfriend's issues, as they are "just for fun" and "won't really help him because they'll probably make a joke out of whatever issue I tell aswell.  At a certain point, after starting and ending a discussion again, he would become insightful and slowly began somewhat open and showing me there could be some other problems with himself. These problems were ADHD, anxiety, alexithymia, BPD, maybe others too but all surrounding mental illnesses. I found it hard to believe there was any chance this could be true, as not only he does a lot of reading on various topics daily (usually starts on Wikipedia articles or online boards and then would research deeper into several topics or keywords) and every now and then he would show me a different illness, but I also vividly remembered the first months of our relationship and I said many times "you weren't like this when I met you". Plus, there was no official diagnosis, he refused to consider professional help right away when the problems started dragging, so I couldn't really feel comfortable reinforce the idea of having him seek professional help as I would risk getting more invalidation or rejection.  So in the end that leaves us with a lot of limitations on the way we interact with each other, for example me feeling nervous and a strong pressure on my chest just to know about some new silly story about his close group of friends, fearing on the thought that they might be mindlessly causing any kind of (emotional) damage somewhere else; or me not being able to let him know exactly how I feel about certain things, fearing he would reject or disregard that. Or for example my boyfriend complaining he feels suffocated or like he has to walk on eggshells when talking to me.  Over these 2 years we had to manage our visits to each other, except when I was on vacation and would come back to my hometown for a longer time and was physically closer to him, and usually being in person with him is completely different from what happens over texts and calls. He clearly says that his attention drifts away with just a voice that doesn't have a face to it - from what I see, him being close and present with me somehow keeps him calmer, more attentive, less silly (in opposition to the silliness of his close group of friends), and so on. Basically everything looks better when we're close.  Because of coronavirus all schools and universities shut down and students like me went back to their hometowns and had their classes online. Not only we were physically closer, but we were also restricted and could not see each other until some time after march. Over the next months until summer break we would gradually start to see each other more often, and because we had planned a trip together on my university's city, we changed that to somewhere close to us in my hometown right when our vacations would match (he has finished his master's degree and has started working since the last year). We were really excited for it and spent the previous weekend together planning that and having fun together... but on sunday he goes home, and the next morning he wakes up in a moody state, for no apparent reason, and I find it hard to believe this is really happening. "We had a great weekend, we were making plans, and this is how he feels the next day?" was my constant thought. He decides to hang out with his close group of friends to lift up his mood. This problem escalated to a point where we couldn't speak to each other anymore, and his best friend from that close group had to intervene and talk to each one of us to understand what is going on and find how to help, concluding that "even though my boyfriend has good intentions, the way he shows and manages it is hurtful to me as it invalidates me", but also adding that I'm a very nervous person and that anxiety won't help on this either, but mostly telling him to behave better. She told me aswell that she has been on her long distance relationship for much longer than 2 years and that they aswell have been through some rough patches but through communication and "codes" they manage to sort it out. As far as I know this was probably the first time that my boyfriend spoke with any of them about his personal issues, since he had told me he never did that before.  Another time I learned that the best way my boyfriend would describe me would be "as the bridge between the real world (with all its difficulties and stresses) and the close friends world (with all its goofiness and silliness that allows him to escape from whatever is bad)". This made me feel like a complete tool, useless as a person, so I cried, as if my whole dedication and effort to this relationship only serves to this sole purpose of allowing him to manage his own life and not break apart and not getting a thing in return - he said "I'd give him all the reality checks he needed to prevent him from drifting away inside his thoughts/fantasies/ideas (but when I gave them, they'd be rejected or frowned upon), but also allow him to have some space to goof around at some degree (because I wouldn't allow myself to be like his friends, but at least there's something about me he enjoys I guess)". It was somewhat around this time I believe that he managed to schedule a psychiatry appointment for the next week after this post.  And finally... up to this day it has been increasingly difficult to talk to my boyfriend without thinking that whatever good intention I try to show it might go to waste, that it might be in vain, that the effort I believe I'm able to provide will not be completely mutual. It seems that I really put my expectations on relationships really high, about how we treat and help each other, basically to have someone that will understand me, understand where I'm coming from, and someone I can trust on and not feel embarrassed about any possible silly doubt or concern I have in mind that needs to be cleared. I truly find it difficult to be pleased with anything less than my self-imposed capacity, as I always try to think of the best things for each and both of us.   Last weekend we had another discussion that started with three small situations that bummed me and I kept silent, fearing he would not like hearing at all what is annoying me, but that easily started another problem. My reference to explain my perspective this time was "Peter and the Wolf", in the sense that after so many delusions that I've had with him, it turns out to be hard to believe his intentions are true even though his actions come off as harmful. He only tells me that he has said he's sorry and that he has been trying to put effort into fixing this, but I keep explaining that this small portion of time of fixing does not compensate for the last 2 years of troubles, mostly especially about how he rejected my initial advice about professional help and only now being actually a possibility. The problem kept escalating until today, and now it became nearly impossible for me to believe I will ever be able to speak normally again after this. He himself showed me this board and some previous posts about other people and how they are dealing with their loved ones' ADHD, so I learn how to cope with this but I ended up feeling even more hopeless seeing how some comments show that this will be it for the long run. It just feels like an unexpected turn of events which I don't know how to deal with. At this point I just want to hear from the professional so we can exactly know what is going on.  &amp;#x200B;  I would really appreciate any words of advice you might have, after all I tried to describe the most I could remember of this journey, but I sense that I might really feel calmer only when I know what the psychiatrist will conclude from his appointment.  Thank you for reading thoroughly, and I apologize for any possible error on my writing.
49810b9d918625cdcbdf91f5b030ede3ff95f52f3a6882a47f7deae3ff8f368a;;;Am I being unreasonable?;;;I feel ungrateful but I feel like my frustration is justified.  Taking care of our credit card payments this morning, I saw my husband (adhd) had made a purchase at a local store which is known for knick knacks. When I asked what the purchase was he said it was a gift for me.  Instantly I got mad.  5 months ago we (I) did a massive clean out of the whole house, got rid of all knick knacks, dust collectors, junk that we never used etc and we started to adapt a minimalist lifestyle to help ease the stress of being new parents. It has been amazing and helped us both immensely.   We also have an agreement that we won't buy any gifts for each other unless we know exactly what the other wants. Mainly because we can't afford to go throwing money away on something we won't use or can't return.  We have both already bought each other one small gift for Christmas each and had agreed that was it.   He's always so impulsive and doesn't think before he acts. I mentioned the money and the fact we had gotten rid of all knick knacks and he agreed with everything I said and said I made a good point and he'll return it (he can't get a refund so we're out either way)   Part of me feels like I should just let it go. Its Christmas and he's trying to do something nice. But the other part of me just can't let it go. That money could have gone towards groceries, or clothes for our son.   Thoughts?
4b327c623380c992d524a728639db373dd90e55468449097bd4d429183b22193;;;Not sure if I belong here.;;;A few years ago, a therapist suggested my husband might have ADHD after me casually mentioning he had taken ritalin as a child. He is in his mid 40’s now, has no recollection of a diagnosis or discussion about this. At some point he came off the meds and when I met him he was (still is) a responsible, successful adult.  But...it hasn’t all been sunshine for us. His memory is terrible. (or is he gaslighting?). His short term attention span sucks to be honest and in this marriage I have never felt heard; or if he does listen it takes a great deal of preparation and ‘set up’ on my end so he knows what I’m about to say is important, otherwise I’m interrupted with stupid shit every 60 seconds. (did you flip the laundry/so-and-so called me today/I have to go to the library later) When I challenge his listening/attention, he can repeat VERBATIM what I have said but never paraphrases which makes me feel unheard, I know that sounds crazy when he is clearly listening.... but it’s like he’s watching a movie with audio in another language so he only gets the overview. I can see that analysis and focus takes concentration. Give him a task though, he’s off to the races! I won’t see him for 12 hours and he’ll have whatever done and done well!  Conversations involve me having to sit next to him, touch his hand, ask him to turn off the tv (pause isn’t enough to focus) and set the tone.   I suspect his dad was much like him, and his class clown attitude encouraged making him more physical and hyperactive. Most days I feel like I’m living in the movie dumb and dumber. The idiotic jokes. The constant childish and attention seeking behavior at home is exhausting and so offputting. He often can’t be serious unless I preface things by indicating something is important and maturity is required. I get no advice when I ask because I feel he cannot put himself in my shoes having a low ability to relate and empathize. He constantly has random dancing/singing episodes for attention and it’s not limited to home, either. He revels in making a public ass of himself too, I’m often embarrassed in stores and restaurants. The physicality for an adult male is astounding.  My marriage feels lonely. He’s a wonderful man but I couldn’t tell you I feel that I’ve been heard much over the last fifteen years. Someone said “talk to me” last week knowing I wasn’t my normal bubbly self and I almost cried with relief and joy that someone at work was sensitive enough my feelings enough to read my face and take it a step further by asking out of genuine concern!  Ironically; hubby is very needy with me when it comes to affection; also exhausting at times. As well a constant need of acknowledgement for tasks attempted or completed.   He seems have an emotional unawareness of others. He will take jokes too far with our kids, sometimes until they cry. He doesn’t see them escalating. He is often clueless about others emotions. I know it’s not on purpose, he’s not an asshole for the sake of acting like one, the remorse is real once I explain what happened and why; but I feel like I’m raising a third child. I’ll be totally frank - it’s not attractive and that’s a whole other issue. The impulsivity he exhibits is in his mind harmless enough...but the other day he pulled up beside me and blared the horn while I was driving, I almost hit the brakes in the middle of an intersection. He will turn on audio on his phone right next to me when I’m asleep in bed...again, no awareness of others. Once made obvious he feels badly and apologizes but the next week will genuinely forget we had the convo.  My biggest worry is my children are starting to mirror this behavior and I don’t want them thinking that being obnoxious is normal and okay; and I’m not seeing any organic behavioral issues in them so I’m pretty sure it’s just mirroring at this point for approval from dad; he encourages it just like he was encouraged I guess. Also doubting this is an ADHD trait but if anyone else experience this please let me know...sometimes he repeats short phrases or sounds several times until I redirect him. Earworms are a very real issue for him.   I feel like I need to say I love to laugh and not some cranky wet blanket. I’m naturally more serious than he is by my upbringing, but I am always laughing and joking with friends and colleagues when the jokes are on the same level. I have to be careful what I laugh at at home though, if I laugh at a movie for example, he’ll just recycle the same joke a million times not seeing I stopped laughing after the second or third time and that it ceases to be funny. I’m constantly trying to bring the tone of the household back to adulthood. Part of me wonders too if there is something asperger-y at play too, therapist surmises same.   So takeaway here is I see some things that look and sound a lot like ADHD; but minus the irresponsibility and big impulsive behaviors (spending/gambling) that are very common. I’m sure there are other behaviors I’m forgetting but just wondering if I’m barking up the ADHD tree when it’s a different issue. I probably sound  like a miserable human but honestly I am not; I’m just exhausted by the constant noise and jarring sounds, the frenetic energy in the house and the immaturity. I’m frustrated and sad, and looking to feel some validation. Maybe I’m the impatient, demanding asshole here? I have no idea what is reality anymore. So...do I belong here in this sub? Or is there more going on? Or am I way off the mark?
3627ecc5388e2cddcc05114dc6a8b196b36b3f96fb457392b2d8b8244d033a4e;;;Rough Seas, Better Sailor?;;;So I know I said I would keep away from this sub, but the past week has been so rough.  My non DX husband started wokring at this company 10 weeks ago. He's now store manager! I'm so proud of him, and all he's accomplished.   But I'm exhausted and worn out. We had to relocate for this job. My 4th move in a year, my 37th move in 31 years. There's a price to pay for such mobility: no steady friend group or support system, a numbness to it all.  He is chronically late to everything. He will work on communicating why he's late and it lasts about a week at a time. Then it slips and we're late to everything and theres no explainations given until hes in person.   Our house is a disaster at all times. I try to stay on top of it, but he's boarding on hoarder and it's just treading water.  He won't listen to me, even if I beg him for help. Even if I tell him we can do the chores naked.   He says people at work need him more than i need him, and i should be able to take care of myself.  He has been lazy about getting car registered. We bought it from a guy out of state and theres some paperwork he needs to do. It's been 5 months of nagging, and I've gotten pulled over twice. I could get in serious trouble.He was supposed to take care of it on his day off Friday but guess what? He went into work instead.   I flipped shit. I raised hell. I screamed. I cried. Now he's finally taking time to do it, grumbling the whole way.  We've been fighting constantly, and it's mostly me who starts it. Because lack of follow thorugh, lack of consideration , lack of communication, lack of time awareness, lack of attention to my needs, lack of empathy.   I feel like a monster. If i ask sweetly, he promises to do it and then never does. If I ask sternly, he doesn't. If I pitch a fit, he pitches one right back.  He's unwilling to get help at this point. We've only been married 7 months and it's driving me over the edge. I almost left him today.   I feel like a raging, giant bitch, and I've never reacted this way before. I'm not a stranger to mental illness, but for some reason I cannot handle this well at all.   &lt;3 Need some love here
0cd55289e5c0ccc89d00a6255d48df68b2daacc9cef8ba1c9b41d86d6a8ca465;;;Actions have consequences, but the lack of action does, too.;;;We've (I've) been planning on moving out together since late January/early February. We both ended up leaving our jobs in April, and I quickly found a new one that would be enough for my portion of rent at the places we (I) were seriously considering.   He's been out of work since April, saying he'd apply places because he knows we need to move out, etc. We had a long talk after I posted here the first time about how I cannot take on the "mother" role and I refuse to baby him and tell him to do everything one by one. He said deadlines really help him, so back in the beginning of May I said, "I need for all of the moving out and job stuff to be figured out by June 30th. Otherwise I'm moving back to my parents and we will just have to deal with an hour distance until you get your stuff done. This does not mean put it off until June 20th, because it takes longer than that to apply places and gain proof of income."   Low and behold...June 30th is approaching and he's JUST started applying like crazy. I told him I was already planning on moving back home because he showed no signs of trying to get a job and get it figured out until the last minute, and I knew it wouldn't work out because of that. I hate being right in this case, but here we are. He said he just doesn't get to "panic mode" until the last minute. I said I feel like if he genuinely loved and cared about me, seeing me in a panic over not knowing whether I have housing for next year for the past 5 months should've kicked his butt into gear. It didn't.   Now I'll have to stand by my word and move back home because I don't want to renew my lease another year and can't qualify for a place by myself yet. I'll be an hour from school and will have to move jobs again to accommodate the move.   Actions definitely have consequences, but I feel like the lack of action can have even worse consequences. I'm not even mad, I already knew it wouldn't happen when I set the deadline and he didn't do anything. He now fears I'll resent him and offered to pay for us to live in a hotel (an idea I brought up months ago as the absolutely LAST RESORT because it's so expensive...I guess he just thought that would work so why bother) but I said no because that is a waste of 1600/month.   Standing my ground is so hard. Distance sucks and I will be more stressed than anticipated being that far away from school and work. If I give in and give him another month to find something and help me find a place for us, I'll be letting it slide.   I don't want to be a mother figure but I feel like I have to treat this as I would a child. It sucks and I'm hurting.
a5e90cb5b5a04245bb55fee56d8103db5dee9fa323c97cd169cad8fd00d3c2d3;;;My DX partner canceled our Vacation?!? Is my sadness valid??;;;My partner (DX, Medicated) and I had a 9 day vacation planned for this week. We planned it 2 months ago.  A couple weeks ago, he found out he needed to be at a work event this weekend. I’m being purposely vague, but the event is unmissable.   Not wanting to cancel our vacation, I rearranged a bunch of the locations and turned it in to a different vacation, surrounding his work engagement.   This meant I would be in the same city as his work engagement, but arranged separate accommodations and plans for myself. He has previously had anxiety around work/life balance, and I didn’t want that to be a distraction for him.  However, from when I came up with the new vacation plan until now, he hasn’t given me the time and focus to go through it with him. Every time I have tried, he gets distracted and needs to stop, or we end up arguing about something else. Truthfully, I don’t understand what the arguments are about.  I put it in to a calendar app, a mapping app, and a notes file to make it easier to digest, and he didn’t look at them. The closer the vacation came, the more he would show frustration in response to me bringing up this vacation.  At one point a few days ago, he got really irritated because I was hurt that he was more excited about his work engagement than our vacation. He said that we’ve been together this entire pandemic, so why should he have to care as much as about this new, exciting thing?  Anyways. The day before we were supposed to leave, he said that he would like to skip the first 4 days (so every day leading up to his work event) because he thought it would be best if I took some time to myself, because there was no way he could come, and not make me feel shitty....so I should go alone?   I know sometimes he has trouble expressing himself, so wanted to be supportive and rearranged the trip again. I booked the first 4 days at a new location by myself.   He would bring me there (I don’t drive) , and then go back home for those days. Then he would pick me up, drop me at another solo location 2 hrs from his work event, and go to his event where he would stay for the duration (2 days). The idea was he would pick me up after the event, and we would continue with the last 3 days of our vacation.  On the drive up to the first location, he told me he probably wouldn’t want to do those dates anymore, as he was likely to be too tired after the work engagement.  When he was dropping me off at the first location , he started crying because it was emotional for him. I said we would see how we felt after these days, and maybe instead of going to the other town 2 hrs away, I would still come to the town of his work thing with him.  Today, he texted me asking if I needed him to pack me anything for while I was at the other town 2 hrs away. I asked him to confirm that was what he had decided, because I hadn’t heard any updates since the crying about the plan. He responded that this space has been really good emotionally for him, and he would rather see me for a “brief, catch up in the car” and then I can continue on my solo adventure.  I think even through writing this, I’ve realized that this behaviour is not okay. Am I being naive by continuing to play in to this? Or is this just normal ADHD behaviour, and my standards are exceptionally high?
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Not Who I Am;;;Does anyone else feel that since being with your ADHD partner, you haven't been able to show how you really, truly are?   I have never been an angry person, or a person that cares about details. I personally, am not good at the details of daily life, and prefer to live in a rosy world of beauty. I am sweet and kind and gentle, with a passionate flair.  BUT, living with a partner with undiagnosed and untreated ADHD has turned me into this monster that I have never known.   Because I also hate domestic things, but have no choice but to take over all responsibilities, I am now overwhelmed with spite because I have to spend my free time doing all the terribly unfun parts of life. Cooking, cleaning, bill paying, errand running, scheduling.....all stuff I did before, but just for me. But now I do it for both of us, and theres a whole new pressure.  I was never one to fight with partners, but since marrying someone who disregards every form of normal partnership (mutual responsibility, time management, financial responsibility, scheduled things) I feel like he cant even get to see the real me.  When he complains that I am not who I said I was, I feel so awful. He's right, I CANT find my way back to myself because I'm bogged down with all of these life things, and feelings I never had to deal with before.   Even my friends have commented on how I'm not the happy person I used to be.   I'm afraid the woman my husband sees will never be who I really am, or who I want to be, because I have to strain so hard to uphold our life on my own.
a31ac1f34478ab73eaa19af36ba596f96e13830728cd66afe369674a1a55e755;;;I've realized that it isn't just ADD, it's also the marijuana.;;;We just started marriage counseling, and at our first session I talked about how I've told him (DX medicated) that our marriage was ending. He called me a liar, that I never said that to him.    How does someone forget their spouse saying "This is the end of our marriage" and the entire conversations surrounding that?  I'm talking about two, separate, in depth conversations full of tears and emotion.    I started to really think about our history of fights, and his disconnectedness, and it all started clicking.  Every time we fought, I would cry and beg him to step up and be a husband, and then he would make promises, and then he would smoke a bunch of weed and act like nothing ever happened. Now I realize that he really doesn't know what happened. He smoked away every fight and every uncomfortable conversation. I had been blaming our problems on the ADD, but this kind of complete amnesia goes beyond ADD.    I had a one-on-one with our councilor and she brought up his weed use before I even mentioned it. She recognized it's affects on our marriage...probably because he thought we were there for a casual chat on communicating while I was bawling that I was exhausted and couldn't take being in our marriage anymore. (He already forgot everything about our counselling session.)  The councilor wants to ask him to stop smoking. I don't think he will.  I'm having a really hard time reframing everything in terms of ADD and, well, being stoned all the time. So, I'm asking if you can share your story. Do you have experience with your partner mixing ADD/ADHD with weed? I'm open to any discussion on the topic while I try to wrap my head around this. It would be great if someone could tell me that their spouse quit/ cut back on their weed usage and how that turned out. Or if you observed how marijuana has an effect on your partner's ADHD/ADD symptoms.   And honestly, I'd be happy to hear from anyone about now.
2ec257cc59ede65fa8bf649d2c083a87a5e77072c2d58427ac8bd77daf3b01d9;;;Does your partner get hyper right before bed??;;;I don’t function well without 9 hours of sleep. I feel like a million bucks if I get to bed by 830. Every night, I head upstairs around 815, but I never get to sleep before 1000 because as soon as the sun starts to go down, it’s like someone gave him speed. *The sun sets after 915 most nights in the summer where we live and it’s still light out at 1000, sometimes later* He starts turning on all of the lights and getting hyped up like a child who doesn’t want to go to bed because they may miss something. I’m not kidding, it’s 945 now and he’s downstairs signing the wrong lyrics to random 60’s songs cracking himself up. When he’s switching songs, he’ll pause and yell something up the stairs to me. 95% of the time, I think this is hilarious because he’s having such a good time being himself. 5% of the time I’m cranky and haven’t had enough sleep all week and I may choke him if he doesn’t shut up.   Anyone else experience this?
ca5185ba1c523051a41adae16733f31f8c65739e93e77975e4a424308e9bff1d;;;Partner applying newly learned psychological terms to our conversations...;;;This is my first time posting here, but I think I've read just about every post in this sub.   Anyway, my (29F) husband (Dx and medicated 29M) and I had quite an explosive argument last night. Lately, I've been feeling very neglected in our relationship. I feel that there is a severe imbalance and that I am basically here to meet his needs (i.e. manage his ADHD when he doesn't, cook, clean, manage the household, etc.). He doesn't deny the imbalance in his more rational moments, but his RSD makes it extremely difficult for me to discuss any of my concerns with him. I explained to him that even though his actions are often involuntary or unintentional, they can still cause me to feel emotional or upset, especially if they hurt my feelings. He often in these moments accuses me of trying to make him feel guilty, or bad when in actuality I am just sharing my feelings. This leaves me feeling like I have to accept the consequences of his ADHD quietly, which leads to more resentment.   I feel like he takes up so much room in our relationship that there is very little space left for me. He finally started seeing a therapist who specializes in ADHD about 8 months ago, and this was after years of me begging him to be more assertive in his ADHD treatment (i.e. medication, therapy, ADHD tools, etc.). I feel like we have so much potential right now because I too have a good therapist that I am working with to try and sort out some depression and anxiety that I have developed as a result of being in this relationship. I am so happy that he is getting quality intervention, but he has recently started applying terms from his therapy to me and I can't help but feel that he is most times missing this mark on his assessment of specific behaviors because of his gaps in attention, social awkwardness, and overall lack of observational skills.   We had a conversation and he told me that he believes that I mind read a lot. This is a term that his therapist brings up a lot with him, only he thinks mind reading is occurring when I literally comment on a specific behavior that hurts my feelings. An example of this is when we are having a conversation and he tells I am upset and tearful, he will shut down emotionally and become very curt and short in his responses, and he might even interrupt me to say "ok", where a neurotypical person might apologize or offer comfort. I'll comment on this being hurtful to me, and he'll tell me that I am mind reading and assuming that he is doing something that he is not.   These moments are especially frustrating because I am already upset, but also because I feel invalidated, and it seems like he's attempting to shift the attention away from what I am trying to share with him. At some point tonight, he asked me why I am emotional about behaviors that occur as a result of his ADHD, and I used the example that if he were to forget my birthday due to ADHD, I would understand that ADHD was the cause of him forgetting, but it would still be very hurtful to me because I wouldn't feel acknowledged on a special day.   I'm not even sure what I am writing this for, I think it's to speak to people who can relate but to also maybe hear feedback. Please be kind, as this is my first post to Reddit and it's a little scary for me.
3caa19e27f4558688347925c5edf9eaeeb9bc83a6070a2599d7d4a4ed380b686;;;For anyone who may not feel celebrated today;;;&amp;#x200B;  *Processing img kq3kjxsvchh61...*  It's just a silly holiday, maybe even one that you don't typically celebrate. But it can also be a reminder of the loneliness we all feel from time to time.  So today I wanted to say thank you.  Thank you for everything you do for your partners  Thank you for sticking by them during times when it would have been easier to walk away  Thank you for all of the accommodations, considerations, and daily emotional labor spent making their lives a little bit easier  You may never hear these things from your own partner. But I'd be willing to bet a fair number of them are so grateful to have your support.  And if they're not, well, maybe you can start turning that love inward. Celebrate yourself today and appreciate yourself. It takes a special sort of person to weather challenges like this and I'm so glad we have a space where we can all come together and grow.  Happy Valentine's Day
27e466c92912d63bca1518a0a4a5f178d9a60e1ed49c75181ac021e792fb9919;;;Helping my BF understand how his ADD affects me;;;Anyone have any tips when it comes to explaining to your partner how their ADD behaviors have affected you? my boyfriend DX, will start receiving treatment in May and we're now finally having open talks about how the past 2yrs of him being ADD and un-treated have affected me. During the 2yrs he wasn't aware ADD was why he was having certain behaviors and I wasn't either until about three months ago when he was re-diagnosed as an adult. So I need him to understand what dealing with that for 2yrs did to me and why it's now hard for me to just move forward as he gets help. Is there any phrasing that y'all found particularly helpful? or a certain way to explain stuff? I feel like he doesn't understand how bad he was during these 2yrs (though he's tried to) and so I just need a way for him to have more perspective.
3a91457c07459ea220c1cf78fe3ad5bc4e9f327243e3843ee2dec009dd6dba6f;;;How do you feel about your partner not being fully present during sex?;;;My partner is diagnosed and has social anxiety as well, I have depression and anxiety. He's mostly inattentive, very little hyperactivity.   He has told me that while we're having sex, he never really feels completely in the moment. There is always something else in the back of his mind. There are even times that something else is at the forefront of his mind, and he gets visibly distracted during sex and has to remind himself of what he's doing. I've also seen other people with ADHD talk about experiencing the same thing.   He's a good sexual partner and always makes sure my needs are beyond met, but honestly, knowing this does hurt my feelings a little bit, especially when I see him get distracted by something.   I was wondering if other people noticed the same thing in their partner, and how you feel about it. How do you cope with any negative feelings?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;I(f28) moved out from my adhd ex (m29) a month, now I am dealing with alot of guilt from letting it go;;;My ex had adhd he had only got diagnosed within the last year, I made him go to the doctor. He also had narcissistic tendencies (he would deny), but somehow I feel those two overlap. My ex had rejection sensitivity, was avoidant, had angerissues. He never hit me but he has clenched his fist many times and pushed me, once off the bed.  He would stonewall me, for days or weeks. Either ignore me completely or talk down to me in a codecending voice. He would bully (though he was bullied in school) and gaslight me alot alot. And he was rude around other people (spoiled kid at home). He sexually assaulted me twice in a row, and shamed me for being sad. He said "I dont have time for your feelings, I need to go to work, you wouldnt understand".  I am a freelance photographer now, I live from it on my own. He always said he was supportive but at the same time he would tell me it wasnt a real job. When i brought him to a party at the filmschool he was rude and offstandish, and ruined my night. When I dared to tell him to stop being rude he told me many mean things and ended up flipping me off. He was/is abusive in many ways and Im effected by it. In the time I was with him he made me feel like less than human and completely unlovable. He kept breaking up everytime he didnt get his way and was using ultimatums, threats and punish/reward to control my abandonment issues.  Finally I got help, that helped me to leave him. And for the first time in a really long time I felt happy and lovable again. I loved myself again, and I was proud. Then he got a catatonic depression he said. That he dont even play computer anymore (which he loved more than me). I dont know if he is lying, he used to lie all the time.   I feel he is my responsibility. I feel like he will always be this kind of person if I dont help him change.  But he treats me like a secondary thing  Im always beneath him. I want to be allowed to be angry for the things he put me through.   I know its dumb, but can someone tell me its okay that I let him go on his own now.
5001880c9b2f5450189e67c5bbbc0291ba880a7755994f31a9fb440c97c54177;;;Chat Buddy: I’d be super interested in an anonymous chat buddy or a few chat buddies for mutual support.;;;I’m a female in my mid forties with one child married to a man (undiagnosed) in his mid forties.  Please send me a message if you’d like to see if we’d make a good support match.  Thank you!
170b0c7c2a8bc3ba58107586a7ee6ac0c89c8f64f6c7ed6fa331121f6dd8b265;;;DX boyfriend shutting me out -- what to do?;;;Hi everyone!  So my boyfriend (note: we don't live together, and we've been dating for a little over a year) was diagnosed with ADD since he was a kid, but for the past few years hasn't been taking medication. He's high-functioning -- he can complete tasks (e.g., cleaning, washing dishes, etc.) that are usually difficult for others with the same condition, but he also has the same characteristics as others with ADD -- really forgetful/bad memory, frustration \[never with me or his friends, but with himself\], can't prioritize/plan things, etc. He also actively listens to me and really puts an effort (despite how difficult it is for him, now that i know more about ADD). He's a wonderful, wonderful boyfriend, and at the end of the day, I feel lucky and glad to have him in my life.   So for an unmedicated guy, he was doing relatively well, **until the past couple of days**. This is the first time I've experienced it -- and he did slip that he felt like he felt suffocated and he had a "knot in his chest" every morning (so I'm worried he might have anxiety/depression), and that he maybe needed to get back on medication. But every time I ask him about it or how he's feeling, he'll shift the conversation and/or insist that he's fine.   I've been trying to read up a lot on ADD/ADHD and how it can affect relationships, but I just feel a little lost on what I should do when he's trying to avoid me, or when he doesn't welcome my help (like offers to listen if he wanted to talk/vent). I'm not taking it that personally, tbh (which is a huge step for me -- I used to be so affected until I learned more about ADD). I'm just really concerned. I don't know what I should do, because he's shutting me out, and it's not helping that we aren't physically together. Should I just be silent and let him be, and wait for him to open up? I was apprehensive in doing that since I don't think staying silent is the healthiest way, but when I approach (i.e., text or call him) he just pushes me away. I know my boundaries and I'm working on them, but of course -- I'm still super concerned about how he's been feeling the past week, and I wanna know how I can and should help my boyfriend in this situation.   Any advice would be really appreciated &lt;3
539d5af16286227f9f8b5b522f674e43abfce1fd4711efccb2c9620dc14ed7c4;;;I just figured out why ADHD partner gets MORE done than me.;;;So, this evening I had a revelation of sorts. I was feeling frustrated / resentful that my ADHD husband has been tackling so many projects during quarantine (WHERE ARE THEY COMING FROM!? He's taken up woodworking, y'all. I don't even know.) and yet, things that have been on my own personal To-Do list for ages are still there, taunting me, even with all the "extra" time. It occurred to me that, *of course* he's getting more done than me. His ADHD brain only sees the things it wants to see. Whereas I can be working in the yard and think, "I really need to mulch the garden too. But, it's getting late. Not a good time to start that. Need to clean up these tools, shower, get kids to pick up their toys, prepare supper, eat supper, bathe children, put them to bed, and then hopefully have some time &amp; energy to spend with my partner before we fall asleep..." He doesn't see any of that stuff. His full attention is on one thing, the latest addition to his home office. His sole focus and concern is, has been all day: build, sand, glue, paint. I always figured the struggle was for ADHDers to get anything accomplished, but in this case, he is able to hyperfocus on his hobbies and projects, at the exclusion of all those little demands &amp; things that get in the way for neurotypical me.
521f64baa652b2433a6629a68afbadca53df82a999cef92b4ba56dbba0d5f89f;;;Is it finally time?;;;Hey guys, I (25f) have been with my partner (25m, Dx) for almost 5 years and live together for just under 4 years. He has never really talked much about his struggles with ADHD and until recently I didn’t realize how much ADHD was affecting our relationship. I started researching the affects it has and different ways it can present, especially the issues that can arise in relationships. I stumbled upon this subreddit and it has given me a lot of comfort in realizing it’s not just me. He hyper focuses a lot and that often doesn’t leave a lot of room for me and he doesn’t express his emotions effectively so it can leave me feeling unloved and questioning where we stand more often than I’d like. When I try to have healthy conversations about these things he will often shut down and not say anything. I have had anxiety and depression for a number of years and have a fair amount of trauma so I would often just minimize my feelings so as not to cause one of his shutdowns. This obviously has shutdown a lot of our communication and when I approached him about whether or not he would be willing to go to therapy, he said “Nah, I understand that the way I deal with things is different than other people but it works fine for me.” As someone who is currently in therapy trying to improve myself, I see it as a really great thing for all people who struggle with mental disorders. Even times where I can talk about it and I tell him I need more affirmation and quality time, things get better for a few weeks and then go right back to where they were. I’m at a point now where I am growing very tired and all the effort I put in feels unmatched. I understand how hard this can be from his perspective but at some point I think he started wearing it as his personality and has made it inseparable from himself.   So where I’m at right now, I’m going to have one last conversation about whether or not he is willing to seek treatment in the form of medication or therapy, preferably both, and if he isn’t willing then I need to accept that and move on. My main issue is that we haven’t really talked much specifically about his ADHD and while he was diagnosed as a child, I don’t think interventions were taken. I’m going to try in this conversation to approach it from a standpoint of how the symptoms are affecting our relationship. We either grow together or grow apart. Any insight, advice, consolation, etc. you can offer would be appreciated.
cf113a66f58f654cc9c2d0fe3dd5e61feac329b515ca49e3057a1a2ed820b33d;;;Is it my fault?;;;Hi. Married to ADHD, medicated spouse, dx 10 months ago. I don't know if I'm often miserable because it's my fault. My husband has great qualities--I've seen a lot of improvement in him from before Dx (it was insane before), but I don't know if I'm expecting too much now, because change is really slow now.   &amp;#x200B;  I usually feel like my relationship is bipolar. My husband can be amazing sometimes, terrible at other times. He's had a full personality test--only + for ADHD, despite Aspergers being on my therapist's mind (he lacks facial expression and tone often, not very emotionally intelligent).  We go to couples sporadically.   &amp;#x200B;  My husband loses his temper a lot and cusses at me and raises his voice. He says it's equally my fault, because I incessantly whine a lot about things (true). I'm also very sensitive--if something goes wrong, I want to sit down and talk about it (which you can imagine, makes someone with ADHD very restless). When I confront him about issues, he becomes defensive and hates apologizing. He argues with me intensely--I feel like we are in televised, high-stakes debates.  These talks should take 5 mins (I just want to be validated and apologized to), but he says they happen too often, they take too long (end up being 30 mins-1 hour). He's naturally avoidant, but even moreso during talks, because he doesn't want to get sucked in. He basically blames me for why they take so long, and it's frustrating because during the talks he will not yield. I have to convince him that what he did was wrong/socially unacceptable/hurtful, and then I have to walk him through how to apologize. It's exhausting because each step of that process takes a long time for me to explain.   &amp;#x200B;  He also has this thing where he declares/demands that things are going to happen without transition, regardless of promises he has made to me. Ex: He promises we would talk about him yelling at me earlier (to sort it out), the day didn't go according to plan, he's very tired now, he declares we are not talking about said thing anymore. He gets angry at me if I try to disrupt his sleep/plan. He's very protective of his sleep. He breaks promises a lot, usually seems unapologetic.   Sorry for the long, rambling post. I feel lost.
f1ff4e7e08c7b12fa5aa1a896f13fa3b2f7b85d5be66f0102e731df64bfe2578;;;I think my husband may have ADHD;;;This is a x-post because I wasn't getting much feedback in the main ADHD sub. My husband and I have been together for 10 years, married for 8, and in therapy for 2. After seeing our therapist together for awhile we also began seeing her separately, although he goes sporadically (due to his job he is only able to see her at certain times). Today as I was sharing some of my frustrations she mentioned to me that, while she was NOT diagnosing, she thought he may have ADHD and so I started researching it. Here are some things I've noticed over the years.  1. I have to repeat things A LOT before they sink in and I feel heard. 2. One thing I've started doing at the suggestion of our therapist is touching him to get his attention. Otherwise I could be talking to him for 5 minutes before I realize he isn't listening. 3. I can tell him to take out the trash multiple times over multiple days and he'll forget every time. 4. He works MUCH better with lists. We now have a large calendar to write down our to do list because he will forget things we've discussed doing. Still, some days he'll look at the list and see what needs doing, but still get distracted and not accomplish anything on it. 5. I've definitely felt like I've taken on the parent role over the years because I constantly have to remind him of what needs doing for the above reasons. 6. He gets hyper focused on things. One day he decided he needed to look for a piece of paperwork before we had started unpacking from a move and literally went through every single box until he found it, despite not actually needing it that day. Another night he decided he needed to fix something on the car and wouldn't go to sleep until it was done, even though it wasn't urgent and it was raining. 7. Once he has his mind set on a project, he will only focus on that project until it is finished to the detriment of things around him. 8. He is really bad at reading. I'm an avid reader and have tried to get him to read with me before and he literally cannot focus on it. I gave up on that years ago, though. 9. He experiences grief in a really excessive way. When our (young) ill dog died over the summer while he was away (he works away from home for stretches of time in an essential role), I was literally scared of what he was going to do. He had to take days off of work and cried for weeks. He was completely inconsolable. I've never seen anything like it and reading that people with ADHD can experience excessive emotion makes it make sense. 10. He gets frustrated at surprising things. A year into our relationship he got the hiccups on a camping trip and I had a "wtf am I getting into" moment because he was SO angry at the hiccups??? This sometimes happens with other situations. 11. In school for his job, it took him much longer than other people to do nightly assignments. I lived with him at the school and I barely saw him because he spent so much time studying since it took him much longer to read than others. 12. He had a learning disability as a child, although I'm not clear on what it was. 13. Generally when we watch a movie he is also on his phone. He seems to have a hard time doing one thing at a time. He also fidgets with his hands. 14. Some nights he has a hard time sleeping. If he gets it into his head that he can't get to sleep, then he won't get to sleep. 15. Despite him working away from home, he is terrible at talking on the phone and always has been. He does much better if we talk while playing a video game together (a new discovery). 16. Even though he's great at his job, he does make small errors at times that make him very frustrated. 17. He is impulsive with money. I took over budgeting when we were engaged because he couldn't do it. Even with a budget he very impulsively buys things, big and small. 18. EDIT: He lies a lot. Small lies about unimportant things, which turn into bigger lies. It's an ongoing issue we're working on in therapy.   I don't know, I'm just listing everything that seems like it could be remotely related. Does this sound like it could be ADHD? What is the best way to bring this up to him without him feeling attacked?
c56e0a05ac726b68252053627bccc1aa9f087737e356a41f569922dd646ae172;;;Forgetfulness, ADHD, &amp; Recurring Issues;;;How do you as the ADHD partner handle forgetfulness with your spouse? I’m not referring to quotidian things like forgetting to take out the trash but bigger communication issues.  Before my spouse was diagnosed, he could be incredibly emotionally cruel to the point where it’s deeply affected and altered not only my self worth but my goals in life since day to day success became contingent on not having a breakdown over pursuing life goals. He’s improved in some ways but basically when we have any serious discussion, he completely and totally forgets everything we’ve ever been through.  We now have more stasis in our lives but if any problem surfaces, he takes it out on me for being weak and sensitive rather than helping to fix things that he himself broke.  It’s at the point where he is delusional about what’s unfolded between us and I’m put in a position to recount the past even though I would rather not do that and then he uses it as a reason to get angry with me.  It seems like he has genuinely forgot everything that’s ever happened and then he refuses to take my word for it that these feelings are coming from a genuine place that deserve consideration. He really can only comprehend the pain he’s inflicted if my attempt at healthy communication spins way out of hand. First it’s a fight, then I’m crying &amp; begging which annoys him and makes him meaner, until I’m eventually packing a bag. Only then does he seem convinced of the problem and our past. He gets rational and nice and understanding. But then of course this loops all over again in life ad nauseaum.  Has anyone faced this issue with a partner and come through it? Like many people on here have experienced, my partner is erratic with his treatment and were in another iteration of him swearing more therapy will help. I think it will and he finally has more money to spend on therapy, but how much can it really help?  I come here for the community. I feel alone and need help and can’t rely on my partner for it. I’m wondering if there’s anyone here that’s experienced this and come out the other side or this is just something I have to accept or walk on.  The comfort of a relationship is being with somebody that understands you. You touch a stove to learn not to touch it again. It feels like by now, we have enough of a difficult shared history that my partner should know not to touch the stove. But he still touches it and then berates me that it’s hot. I have soft spots that are a direct product of him treating me poorly and he forgets this and just treats me like a burden for having them. It doesn’t seem intentional. It’s a stupid way to live. But is there any hope it will change?
59ffb00da0fc080794ab36c7278d6c7b4952c7a74566ebf666666574b9bd29f9;;;Abusive or ADHD?;;;Been with my boyfriend now fiance for 4 years. We took a year break in between from year one to year two because so many things did not make sense he did. He has been dependent on me both times to provide housing. I'm 48 and he is 42. I had financially stability where he had zero. He came to live with me and start a relationship again in 2017. He promised to help pay the mortgage and other Bill's. He promised to make a commitment to the relationship. He did neither and had to be repeatedly told to pay his half of the Bill's. He kept saying he was going to ask me to marry him, told his friends specific details that he was going to ask me to marry him, told me if I planned a vacation he would ask me to marry him on the vacation. Well, it never came. Eventually months later after an argument, he popped the question when I refused to talk to him. I was too stunned to be happy. Too emotionally wrought to positively accept the proposal. I just said, we need to work on stabilizing this relationship which is what I have done.  A year later, its still not stable. He has emotional outbursts on literally every vacation we go on unless I plan it from A to Z and take control of the whole thing, which isn't very relaxing. He repeatedly "drops" me for other people (family, work) and acts hostile towards me so he can spend time with other people. The worst is when I'm being nice and open and giving this man love and an excited to make life good, he finds a problem. This past valentines day, we were supposed to go on a trip, we got to the hotel and within minutes he got mad at me. I've come to realize he is best chasing after the relationship versus actually being in one. He doesnt like happiness and joy and seems to kill it when he can in order to stay miserable. Problem is, I'm not built like that, I'm built for happy positive connection. Do I love this man? Yes. But I have realized he cannot accept love other than when he is chasing it. Not when it legitimately is there in his arms. His family enables a childlike behavior versus treating him like a 42 year old man. He doesnt take meds and I respect his decision. He has been finally seeing a therapist and taking tai chi for mind body connection and regulation. Yet I'm not seeing any effects. The repeated cruelty of his mood episodes every few weeks has done me in. It feels abusive. Not in the traditional way but in a way that says, hurt for no reason, lose their shit even more then say I love you and spend the next few days making up for it. It's the pattern and its unhealthy because I have learned to continually modify and downgrade my happiness in order to keep in his zone. It sucks I am trained to withhold love. And firs time I ever wrote or posted about my relationship. I feel its safer to do this here versus breaking his trust and speaking to a friend about it.
38db9a5af115be00d29978e68ac81d88408a13a27e0c260d389f738acb51edd3;;;We broke up and I’m devastated;;;For some context me (f 24(M) and my now ex (m 22) broke up last night. We have been dating the past three years of uni. The last time I saw him we were together and have broken up while not being able to see each other due to covid. I helped him get his diagnosis just before kick down started and I went home to be with my family. We broke up for a number of reasons, we hardly talked during lockdown because of the pressure (for him) to maintain contact and remember to do so. When we did talk we argued, mainly about not communicating well/enough. But now we’ve decided it’s probably best given the circumstances and the fact he needs to work on his adhd treatment without the added stress of being a partner to me. I am devastated to say the least. I have tried so hard the past three years and have done everything to help him including getting him diagnosed. He said we could potentially get back together once he figures it all out but honestly I don’t see any drive in him to do so. E.g hasn’t contacted his adhd doctor about medication in over two months. I still worry and care about him but now no longer can aid him in the way I used to. I’m so worried that I’ve helped him this far for him to not Carey on moving forward in a positive direction. Or worse he figures it all out just to end up with someone else. It’s probably selfish to think that but it’s how I feel. I don’t know if anyone’s been in a similar situation but I’m not sure who to turn to right now. Would a normal therapist be able to help me considering it’s so adhd focused? And help would be greatly appreciated, I’m in bits
01e2d500f2983e2ddc75f1e0be21bb201ee0dd172d96e9d07dfa730b39505e89;;;Does being ADD have something to do with overthinking or is it the adderall that makes you over think;;;Iv been diagnosed with ADD/ADHD since iv been in second grade and i'm now 26 and have been taking medications for ADD since diagnosed. started off with strattera when i was younger I recently graduated college and now have a job in the medical field. I also work nights at a hospital  as well as on call every night i work and work 45 minutes away from my boyfriend. My boyfriend wants me to stop taken adderall because he feels it makes me overthink, and want to drink or smoke. And im not sure if he is right or not right?
1bfc737d4837eb001495b76ea9a9abe905dd68e347842245327a860ba714e805;;;Afraid of the future;;;I am 28F, my partner is 31M, diagnosed not treated ADD. We have been together for almost 9 years. Daily life together is not easy, as most of you, I take most of the responsibilities in the house and whenever he does something, it is because I kindly reminded him to. I am trying my very best to be gentle, patient and loving because I know his ADD makes him miserable sometimes. But, some days, I cannot shake this feeling that I am only delaying the unavoidable. That one day it’s just going to be too much and I am going to be too exhausted of always measuring my words so that he doesn’t get upset, too tired of doing the work around the house or having to gently remind him of his household chores. We are approaching this age of eventually having kids and I cannot express how unbelievably terrified I am of it. For all of you who deal with the same feelings everyday, how do you stop being afraid of loving the person you love and how do you manage to get rid of the anxiety and sometimes resentment you feel?
4d10ce817a2147c9f7e04294a5613b0f16668aa4c5a1d79764ca2c751fb09762;;;Feeling neglected by ADHD parnet LDR;;;So my partnert is not diagnosed yet as he wants to wait the 2 year long waiting list for the NHS. He's also in denial that he could have ADHD when it's obvious there's something not right about his behaviour. Even his parents pointed it out he could have it and I was the only one close to him honest enough to say he definitely had it (as I got close friends who do too). His prents have offered to treat him but he said "it's not affecting his life so why should he invest on it".   Anyways, we've been together for 8 month now. Like everyone here I felt the hyperfocused love at the beginning but when summer ended he stopped suddenly stopped. It was really hard to understand what was happening but then I started looking at reddit post saying that it was quite common to feel the adhd neglect from a partner and the "out of mind out of sight" played a big part on LDR. I started learning that a videogame will always be more important than me.   I told him several times that I was feeling neglected and he kept apologising but I honestly feel it's getting worse everyday it passes. I am starting to lose intrest and I find myself crying at times just by thinking about breaking up with him because I love him and I want the person I feel in love with back. But I am tired of not feeling like a priority anymore. In addition to this he doesn't want to start planning about closing the distance and when we talk about it he just says "we'll figure it out at some point".  But I'm starting to feel like that point will never come.  All of his girlfriends have broken up with him for the same reasons as they all felt unwanted.   I don't know what to do anymore. I feel like God is punishing me because I had a great boyfriend but I feel like he's slowly slipping away and there's nothing I can do. Mind you when we are together I don't feel neglected at all and he waits for me with a glass of chapain and dinner ready. But yeah we live 5 hours away from each other and we're in lockdown at the minute and it is really harming this relationship.  How can you I get him to focus on me again? Has anyone been through this? How did you make it work?
b6b06a264c16e36ac054f75a358d122b6952c8830f8ebd8d91da1fd05071b4cc;;;“I can’t” vs “it’s hard for me”;;;I (M29) am getting pretty tired of my partner’s (F25 DX) attitude that she just “can’t” do things because of her ADHD. That mindset seems self-defeating. How can you ever grow or improve if you simply “can’t”? Maybe I am just being a naive little neurotypical, but I believe in the brain’s plasticity and ability to change.  My issue is really that whenever I try to talk to my partner about something she is struggling with in an attempt to find some way to help manage or strategize, she deflects and avoids. Just today we were talking about getting up in the morning and how she “will just go back to sleep” if I don’t turn on enough lights. Her language and tone are just so 100% positive that she will fail at getting herself up. I just wish she could shift her tone more towards, “ADHD makes it harder for me to do some things”. I worry that her ADHD diagnosis has given her an excuse to stop trying. As if she has reasoned that, “Oh I guess I have no control since ADHD is behind the wheel and I’m just along for the ride.”  Am I silly for wanting her to fight for herself more?
1bfc737d4837eb001495b76ea9a9abe905dd68e347842245327a860ba714e805;;;Here's a little help for my Non-ADHD fellows;;;Hello r/ADHD_partners,  I come here many times. Even if I don't post, I come here to read your posts, so that I don't feel so alone and misunderstood at times. Sometimes I ask for help and others, I try to give my "five cents" on your posts.   Today, I came here to share with you a resource that probably most of you know already. But if you don't and this helps you as much as it helps me, then I am happy.   [How to ADHD](https://howtoadhd.com/) started as a Youtube channel, created by Jessica McCabe, who was diagnosed with ADHD as a child and has been dealing with it her all life. Me and my partner found out about her channel, after watching her Ted Talk: [Failing at Normal: An ADHD Success Story](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiwZQNYlGQI). It was actually because of this talk that my partner ended up being diagnosed with ADHD. If you have never seen it, please do.   Jessica's videos are incredibly helpful, in my opinion. First, they are very educative and, foremost, research-based. There is a lot of misinformation about ADHD out there and I honestly think she does a very good job fighting it back.   Her videos also help me on a whole other level though. As non-ADHD partners, we take on a whole lot:  it is not uncommon for us to end up taking most of the family's chores and responsibilities. Frustration, impatience and resentment build up and it is incredibly hard to not take things personally. After a while, it becomes difficult to be patient or to feel empathy for our SO because most of the times, we are the ones dealing with most of the shi#$y downsides of ADHD.   Our feelings are justified, and that is why her videos are helpful to me. Personally, having someone else openly speaking about the ADHD struggles, somehow makes me feel more generous towards my partner. Maybe it is because he himself doesn't share most of his feelings/frustrations regarding his own ADHD, I somehow find Jessica to be his voice sometimes and it becomes easier to understand his behaviour.   I am sure some of you will disagree and that is okay. Each one of us finds our own way to cope with our partner's ADHD and to fight for our relationships, with its ups and downs. I just thought that, nevertheless, this was a nice source of information to share with you and, again, if it helps one of you, as much as it helps me, then it is worth it :) Have a great day!
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Adjusting to life with spouse on ADHD meds for the first time;;;My husband finally found an great doctor who got him on medication after so much headache. He takes it right when I leave for work in the morning, he works from home, and it wears off around 7 or 8 at night. He's discovering that it's making him more organized and he has clear thoughts now so he's able to get through his work in a much better way. That's great because that's what the medication is for, but when it wears off at night he hits the wall.   Friday night we went out for a nice dinner and evening out but halfway through dinner, he said he could feel the medication wearing off and suddenly he got very distracted and felt like he was crashing. We finished our food and just went home, which was disappointing. He said he's felt like this every night that he's taken the drugs, when they wear off it sets him back a few paces.   I'm hoping this is an adjustment time and it won't be like this forever, but between him being a little speedy and kind of annoying if I'm honest, and being successful with his job, I feel like I should probably just shut up and let it all play out.  How did it go for you when your spouse started on meds?
40fbeb7d04622a4c3b12a4c8a025b1109210f304ad8811c789d6dd71b6c3d2c1;;;I have a hard time navigating my partners emotions;;;Not in anyway negative, i just wanted to hear you guys what you experience with this? I am very confused to say the least, about how to actually deal with my partner. I feel like no matter what i say or do theres something wrong with it; either i said it in a wrong way or i acted irritated or the likes. He tells me what he dislikes (we have a great communication, despite), and then i follow through and that can even piss him off! I know ADHD makes you younger emotionally than your peers, and he does have some other diagnoses, i just dont know how to handle it. He isnt vey talkative about his emotions or his thoughts, and so i always end up feeling it was my fault we had an argument, even though it may have been about something he had said or done. I try to be understanding and follow along his wishes to the degree that it is possible, but it seems impossible to please him in this regard. He can seem rather cold and unfeeling when upset, which upsets me and escalates the situation further... How can i better myself?
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;No sexual satisfaction for me.;;;I was basically humping the mattress behind him, saying that he should "wake me up" when he leaves his computer &amp; comes to bed for some fun he promised me after leaving me hanging a couple days ago.  He finished playing his video games at 4AM...  I was no longer interested in anything but sleep at 4AM.   I got myself 2/3rds of the way to an orgasm in the shower this morning but thought my BF might *maybe* want to follow through with the promise he made me that he'd give my body attention the day after he took my body without giving anything in return.   Apparently him laying on top of my body like dead weight is supposed to be a turn on. I was in the middle of a few tasks and (also having ADHD myself) did not want to abruptly stop so he could return the favor as I was quite focused on my task at hand. I hugged him and told him to come back to me later.  He has a weekly report due every Monday morning. At around 7PM I attempted to ensure he'd focus on his work so he could be freed up to spend time with me that night.   Instead, he slacked off and fucked away the time until it's midnight and I'm getting yelled at and told to shut the fuck up about anything at all let alone sex related stuff because he is busy and I'm getting in the way of his important work.   My ex moved back to the area recently and I swear I want no romantic involvement with this person again but he sure as hell made me feel loved when we were together and I feel so so lacking in that area these days.  He could do just about anything for me but it still just feels unfulfilling in a way I struggle to explain. He had been very good to me in regards to an awful living situation we are currently stuck in but the living situation was caused in large part by the dreadful unmedicated management of his symptoms.   I really just feel like I will never possibly have the security and validation I need in a partnership met and it's extremely distressing to consider right now.   I'm not even sure what I want or expect from this, I just know I needed to get it out.
138636f3661d9d88fa2b8de9aeefb8311af6554c9d8b56196839bd416a21d494;;;Feeling loved and understood by my non-ADHD spouse;;;DX and Medicated ADHD spouse here.  We've been married 13 years.  I was diagnosed about 3 years ago.  Been in marriage counseling for about 4 years.  Just here to share a praise in how my husband dealt with something that would have previously set us off onto a cycle of both of us feeling unloved and disrespected. Progress matters.    Deep Background: Our marriage counselor asked us each to give each other some reading material that would help one another understand each other.  I gave my husband Sari Solden's Book, "Women with Attention Deficit Disorder."  For my part, I am reading Barkley's, "When an Adult You Love has ADHD"  (sorry for how this disorder impacts others... yuck!)  Context:  Husband came home after being out of town for 8 days and asked why his toothbrush had lipstick on it.  I responded that if a toothbrush has lipstick on it, it is only because I thought it was my toothbrush.  I went on to explain that usually I can tell out toothbrushes apart by checking to see which one is wet (he gets ready for bed first, gets up first).  But since he has been out of town, I can't check that way.  Husband reminds me of the color difference and I again said that I can't ever seem to remember which color is which.    (Remember, working memory can be hard for us ADHD folks.  There is much I do remember... am super sharp.. graduated summa cum laude, ect... but remembering which toothbrush is mine.... IMPOSSIBLE. Yes, it drives me crazy, too).    For our first decade of marriage this admittance that I had used his toothbrush and couldn't remember would have set him off into feeling disrespected and unloved, which meant that he then treated me as a child and set us off into a downward spiral.  BUT THIS TIME and perhaps for the first time, he didn't take my forgetfulness personally and just PUT A STICKY NOTE ON OUR MIRROR that has our names and which color toothbrush we each have.  I love it.  I go in the bathroom and before grabbing a toothbrush I just read the sticky note.  No condemnation from him.  No telling me I should just be able to remember. He just quickly gave me a tool that would help me..... 'cause I promise, every time I brush my teeth I want to be using my own toothbrush.    I don't know if this will be helpful for any of you -- just wanted to praise my neurotypical spouse for dealing well with something that I KNOW had the option of being super frustrating for him.
94510efc0c6cf37925e12a31f99103614c5d721cc5aed893d716f8117dff5128;;;NDX - Need help with possible ADHD partner issues.;;;1 year old relationship 38 M 34 F  I’ve been thinking for some time that she is possibly ADHD and we’ve discussed it and she says she probably is but at this point it’s undiagnosed.   Then today I came to this subreddit and started reading and I’m thinking some of these issues sound very common.   She ends up on her phone A LOT. I don’t feel like we are able to have deeply connected conversations because she seems to get distracted by either her phone or other thoughts. At dinner she will sometimes enter her calories before eating or use her phone during dinner instead of enjoying the time together. Sometimes even mid conversation I’ll keep talking and ask a question and she’s off somewhere else half listening like I could almost just walk out of the room unnoticed.  After sex she doesn’t seem to want to be intimate/cuddle and prefers getting on her phone. She has some pretty serious memory issues for things,conversations or events. However is great remembering where we parked or how to get back from a hike. She is not a homebody for sure. She gets real agitated some times if we aren’t active enough. She says she needs to travel because that’s her true love, but I also wonder if it could be related.   I’m not necessarily asking to confirm a diagnosis I’m just wondering if some of these things sound familiar and it is something that I need to dive deeper into with her. We do love each other and she says she wants to Marry me and have a family together, but sometimes I feel so insignificant it makes it tough to want to take the next step.  Thank you!
d8842ededaea78a77ab571c4aa6c4b95b7e706c82634f38e98f8f687ddd013d1;;;I'm really proud of myself;;;My partner (ADD, unmedicated) and I were (trying to) discussing an issue. I disagreed with his approach, and was trying to explain my reasoning and research. Little did I know, he was in no place to entertain a cerebral discussion. Out of nowhere, he became super angry and frustrated. I just left him alone because it was clear that he didn't have the bandwidth for that kind of interaction at that time.  I am finally able to see his (very infrequent) blow-ups as an ADD issue. I gave him space, and he calmed down and we proceeded to have a normal day. I'm proud of myself for not trying to force resolution, recognizing that he needed some space to self-regulate, and not taking it personally. And I'm proud of him for getting back to resolving the issue and eventually fixing the problem on his own.
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;Where we stand as a community;;;There was a recent post questioning the input of the ADHD side and us having a place where we feel safe and heard, to some these two are not compatible. What seemed like a simple request is in fact fairly complex and us mods have discussed this to see what's reasonable, feasible and in the long run beneficial to this community.  &amp;#x200B;  **To the partners and family members (NT aswell as ADHD) that come here asking for advice about their ADHD loved ones:**   You are the core part of this sub, this place is intended to support, validate and provide information to you in the first place. We realise a big part of you have been hurt by your loved ones and have built up  alot of resentment.   **Let us remind you that if you want to vent without your concerns and feelings being invalidated, rationalised, dismissed or in any form disrespected;** ***use the Weekly Vent Thread.***    **We will keep a very close eye on this to make sure this safe space is respected.**     **If you seek advice and feedback from the community, it will remain an open dialogue between NT and ADHD perspective.** Both sides can add valuable perspective and information and need to be  heard when it's done in a respectful manner and when it comes from a place of understanding and accountability. We would be doing ourselves a disservice to exclude the very people we're talking about. It's a slippery slope to alienating and polarising both sides.   Not everyone has the same level of knowledge on this, that's why we're working behind the screens on a more extended [Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/wiki/index). It's a fairly big task, so hang in there as we're sorting through reputable sources and fleshing things out.  &amp;#x200B;  **To the ADHD partners:**   Those that contribute with valuable feedback and information, thank you. It's not always easy venturing on this side of the fence. Those of you that have made progress in your relationship and handling of the condition can provide a great help to those that haven't with a unique perspective we as non-ADHD cannot always provide.   Those that find it difficult and feel the need to defend themselves or cause a stir: maybe this isn't the place for you. Keep in mind that the content here **is not a personal attack.** You are all individuals  with a varying combination of symptoms of the same disorder, mixed in with different personality styles. This doesn't mean the concerns displayed here are invalid.    “But I can't help it” type of comments will be removed, so basically comments that display not taking responsibility for yourself. Same goes for comments that invalidate an OP's concern just because you as an individual don't portray described behaviour. If you have serious doubts as to why the subject at hand has nothing to do with ADHD, provide resources and arguments.  &amp;#x200B;  This leads us to: **the report button**   This is a very useful tool in maintaining the quality of this sub. Please use it. This sub gets checked multiple times per day so us mods can intervene when necessary. As the report button options might not have been appropriate in the past for the misconduct, we have added a new rule: **no invalidation, no disrespect**. Use it with integrity and try to see the other person's perpective first before reporting.      If you have any questions or remarks, let us know in the comments.
93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Are there any free online anger management courses that could help someone with ADHD and anger problems? And are there any good ways to get discounts on ADHD meds?;;;Title basically.  I'm asking for Canada specifically.  Posted recently about how my husband had badly emotionally abused me and was incredibly uncontrollably angry at me over something small.  I cannot handle another act of anger like that towards me and we cannot afford therapy right now or even his ADHD meds. (His meds make him so much more regulated)   I know there is goodrx.com in USA but is there a Canadian version of that?  And how about free good online anger management classes or free e-books or anything?
5061ab96f60750df49542d2a793ce1f92da78f38a0c45072f7ede4d12ecb5510;;;I'M the adhd partner..;;;And this subreddit scares me so much because i see so much of my own behavior in what you post..and Im so sorry. But it's also really important because you give me an insight into what my so is feeling but won't tell me. And how i can work on it. But still....sorry. And we love you. And thank you for your patience. And remind your loved one to eat and drink water and you maybe get a snack and some water too okay? And again we love you.
850c434c060dd3e8f9f865b9ea80488c00999e6daece53210e778dc7e7e61979;;;Met a girl online that has ADHD and I don't know if she's hinting me to leave or genuinely has that hard of a time focusing;;;Girl I met online (24f) and me (25m) have been talking with each other for about 2 month or so via online communication. She's mentioned that she has ADHD and is scattered a lot of the time. Things were pretty good for the first little while where we really got to know each other. I've mentioned that we should do a video call which see seemed happy to agree to. That happened about a week and a half ago and every single time I've tried to get one going she's either in a bad mood, playing Minecraft with her friends, or fell asleep.   I've tried getting her to commit to a time to do one but she conditioned it by having me play minecraft with her. So I bought the game and am willing to play with her and asked her about committing to a time to which just doesn't respond despite actively talking with her friends. That just makes me feel awful because I feel ignored. I've gone out of my way to buy the game despite not really wanting to until I've already chatted with her first and she just doesn't seem to acknowledge the effort I'm putting in here without any on her end.   I'm frustrated but I don't want to express this frustration to her because I'd like to work things out. But all she wants to do is play minecraft, talk about minecraft, it's everything she watches on youtube. If she does respond then it's just related to the game and her times with her friends. She says she is interested but then does absolutely nothing to work with me. She doesn't take any interest in me or my hobbies. I'll send her videos or memes like she does me and she just ignores them.  I just don't know what to do and I'm open to advice before I send her a frustrated message.
87f4fb7085afeb08689503f1a14f3262bcc27ac25ecaa550d5946aa0f14e8841;;;Do you ever just have to laugh at the situations we end up in?;;;My lovely ADHD partner had me cracking up this morning at a classic ADHD moment. I was planning on making this homemade ham and bean soup that I love to make after we’ve had a bone-in ham, since I can make my own broth and all that’s in it is ham, broth, beans, and onion. I realized I didn’t have any onion and was dreading having to run out to get one. My sweet partner offered to go to the store to get it, and I was so happy and touched that he would go out of his way. He was on his way out the door, asked me if I needed him to grab anything else. I asked him to pick up litter trays from the pet store as well, and he was like “okay! Let me know if there’s anything else!”  He left. A while later he returned, litter trays in hand, a bag with coffee creamer... and no onion. He felt so bad for forgetting but I couldn’t help but laugh. He came back without the one thing he went out for specifically. I told him it wasn’t a big deal and we had a giggle over it, no harm done. But it just felt like such a classic ADHD moment.   What little mishaps have you and your partner encountered?
457a1d6a8d1d15532d7d2411cfe86290e96f3010229db862e48ee498df5874be;;;Afraid to hurt him by telling him to take his meds;;;Hello! Hope the story is clear, sorry for the mistakes!  A dear friend of mine has ADHD and he’s medicated, it’s rather new for him (less than 2months). We study together and we always meet to révise now that we study online. He always want to maximise his work on med so he takes them only when he starts to study. Today he forgot, I noticed that he was being « weird », not concentrated, forgot to turn off the oven, to pour coffee. He was scrolling FB and not studying.  It was obvious that he forgot to take the meds but I didn’t want to tell him so he won’t be hurt.  He realized that he forgot too late and couldn’t study for the day, not only was he unproductive but also sad for not studying. I felt bad cause I could’ve avoided that and I also could’ve used some help studying myself haha  Do you tell your partners to take their meds openly? Aren’t you afraid to sound rush like « I don’t like this version of you, take some chemicals to change that »  I guess that’s how I would take it if it was me... I’ll be glad to read from you!
5d04e4a6b4bb8a36b511a2d1caa3507421b7c0ab587ecb69b0cf774a737ed691;;;My family doesn’t support my marriage.;;;Hello, long time listener, first time poster.  I’ve been with my DX husband for 5 years.  He was diagnosed with ADHD and depression around 2 years ago.  He’s never been particularly close with my family, as they don’t really have a lot in common, but they used to get along just fine.  But lately it’s become obvious (to me) that they don’t like him or support our relationship anymore. They haven’t outright said it, but I get the feeling they just wish we would divorce.  My husband is really struggling right now.  He’s very depressed.  As a result, I’m really struggling.  We have all the classic problems I read about here - chronic under employment, unfair balance of household chores, hyper focusing on random hobbies. You all know what it’s like.   My other sisters are both married, and my parents favouritism to my other brother-in-laws is so obvious.  They’re friendlier, happy to see them, etc.  They’re very cold to my husband.  My husband is not very helpful when we are hanging out with my family (I know this is a problem, and it’s one I’ve spoken to him about many times), but my mom has started making snide and rude comments.  My sister has even “jokingly” called him useless.    It’s hurting my feelings so much.  I’m normally quite close to one of my sisters and my mom, but I feel like I can’t talk to them about my problems anymore.  Anybody else in a similar situation?
e40af5114baa77d4c8941eb0ebd3f9caaf1a6516da3ae94187d113c27bf30f58;;;First time being medicated in seven years, and not able to sleep?;;;My wonderful husband, with my support, has gotten some adhd medication, Vyvanse specifically. It was a little intense during the day, I'm not sure if that will calm down with time, but he couldn't sleep. And sleep has been an ongoing issue as well.   He already had melatonin on hand, but that didn't really seem to help. He couldn't fall asleep till around 4 am. He didn't feel wired, just couldn't settle down to sleep.   We will also be discussing with his physican of course, but I just was curious if this was a common side effect that we could expect to go away or calm down over time? Not looking for medical advice, just experiences! Or if they was anything OTC that helped?
03025d290e1c7c7fe5f1d3398b7a9c0ccfdab3c520308f17e74baf5e2e4bbc75;;;Mourning the end of our journey;;;It'll be 7 years together in March and I feel like I've spent the last 4 years thinking the same things. I think it could be over and I'm not sure how to process it. (F22 &amp; M25)  In the last year I've done immense work on myself - therapy, meds, and starting my own side hustles. I've reached a whole new level of growth and independence for me. While I can tell that he has been trying very hard to pull himself up; it simply isn't working. Countless medication changes, plateauing depression, anxiety, ADHD, suspected ASD, extreme stress in his doctorate program, exhausting weekend shifts at work, and the inability to prioritize not only himself but "us" - I think I've just hit a point of complete disconnection romantically.   I can really see why it is hard for him. He has a lot on his plate. Most of us do in this day and age. But even when downtime is available nothing changes. If anything it accelerates.   9.9/10 times I initiate intimacy I'm met with his wall of anxiety and roadblocks. Initiation from his side seems to be a rare occurrence. 2+ nights a week I'm alone while he crams his exam studying in until 4am - other nights I end up alone in bed as he's playing video games until 2am. Every other weekend he works 10 hr days and comes home with his daily 6pm medication crash. He regularly picks up shifts he isn't scheduled for and his schooling keeps his mind occupied 7 days a week. He also joined a fraternity for his program a day after we had a big talk about time together. I'm responsible for 99% of the household chores, but I have my own work to handle as well. Deep conversation is a gateway to overwhelming emotions and spontaneous adventures are met with snappy attitudes.   We now have our own rooms in our townhouse and I'm slowly implementing our separation. I'm devastated and yet feel responsible somehow. It's lonely as a couple. There is only so much I can take as a partner. I feel so guilty to think these things as I see him struggling. I care about and love him very deeply. Deep down he really is a good man and a great friend, and I think that makes it so much harder. I'm always trying to convince myself that it's horrible for me to break it off for those reasons, but it's also ok to accept that sometimes as much as you want something to work, and as much as you try, sometimes, it might not end up the way you were hoping. 7 years is a long time. Letting that go will be one of the hardest things I've done.
29b39f3f9c8392eded59822708cf56de4581d4d5858e1a09ed574ecfe4524e29;;;Attention;;;Hey, i struggle alot woth my ndx partner getting annoyed at me when I try to get his attention. He is a big gamer and has been since he was little and playes computergames every minute of his free time. I struggle with having just a Short conversation with him daily. I feel like we have talked aboit my needs and want a 109 times and it seems like he understands but then the next day its like the conversation never happend. I am getting so fed up with this and I dont know how to keep going... I really love him and I know he loves me but its just so draining to always be the second choice...
db7a4a7c5cb3947f0d45449ccb7ad03e66f3efda05d20979f8bb75d53f34f895;;;Opinion: The widespread notion that we need to adjust to our adhd partners and meet them where they are is doing more harm than good for all involved.;;;I’m going to save my breath on the common complaint that we all have where it affects us personally. How we adapt in our home, relationship, etc. In addition to all that, I think this mentality of meeting them where they are is harmful in more ways even to the adhd partner themselves.   My husband (dx) hasn’t been able to hold a job for more than 6 months at a time. He’s at his current company for a bit over 4 months. He likes his employer, but up until last week he was “working” from home (bare minimum effort, playing video games). Last week he got a promotion. Similar work, higher pay, requires coming into the office a few times a week. All hell broke loose. What should be celebrated is somehow a huge issue.   Today, after one week of the new position, he met with his boss to tell him he wants to go back to the other team. His boss said no. So now he’s still at work, all mad, and texting me telling me that if he doesn’t get demoted he will “force his hand by not doing any work at all” (his words). I told him if he does that he will lose his job. He doesn’t care.   I’m stressed as hell. I’m still not back at work. The lack of stability is stressful. His rage from the situation is stressful. And I can’t help but think about how people with adhd are so used to getting what they want and people bending over backwards for them that they can’t be told no. They can’t adjust even in situations like work where you NEED to adapt to keep a roof over your head. No, the delusion is that if they don’t get what they want the first time, they will try to manipulate it into happening.  Adhd doesn’t just exist in a bubble at home. Society setting expectations for us to step in where they can’t just enables it in other settings. I wish this wasn’t the norm.
e351e7e4d8785c296a44ea6942b8c685b1a0f568b6e4ac49babf2b21ab7a8321;;;Shoe Search;;;Does anyone else have a hard time going shopping with their partner? My husband (ADHD) and I went to find him a pair of shoes today. Every time we go shopping (specifically for shoes), he gets SOOOOOO particular about every single shoe. This one is hugging my foot, this one goes too far down on the sides, this one has memory foam (WHAT). And we can just throw fashion out the window. Thankfully, today, we found a pair that’s comfortable and perfect for what he needs them for in a reasonable amount of time, but usually, we’re shopping for hours and still leave with nothing. He’s just SO picky.
b4b66fa23fe077bfff85c8d139e7d1ee53270c64eea9532c8f164f7b05cbcc00;;;Partner thinks they have ADHD - how can I help?;;;Hi everyone, super new here. My partner today said they believe they have ADHD and was planning on speaking to his GP next week. He is a wonderful human who I love endlessly. He only let me know as I was sharing some of my feelings about our relationship with him. He said he wasn’t planning on telling me but it just blurted out.   I’ve just did some research and I would say yes, some thing makes sense if he is diagnosed with it. In the meantime, what can I do to help him? I’ve asked if he wants to talk or me to go with him to the appointment but he said he wants to do it alone.  He believes his ADHD is exacerbating his anxiety and depression. Which to be honest I didn’t think were troubling him that much, I feel like he has been struggling alone with everything as I didn’t realise things were really bad at the moment until he divulged today. I feel awful as I thought he was being lazy, bored and a man child in our relationship but perhaps there is more to it.   Any help would be appreciated. Thanks!
b57c8103b299c1c2b7b4a4c2d3f69d000f522353e57956818e67dd274e1008cd;;;Can't ask partner to get anything while at the store;;;I've been reading so many posts here and it's helped me in many ways - sometimes made me feel like it could be worse, sometimes made me feel less alone in this and other times just made me laugh...because laughing is better than crying about some of these crazy-making things.  So here's my vent, and it's a tiny one! But so frustrating! When my ADHD spouse goes to the store, I can't text him to ask him to get something I think of that I know we need there. It leads to overwhelm. This drives me crazy. I hate inefficiency. End of vent. :)
4af73a2a4f1e116407cc2bb99fd546a5e7d6b535bd89339fc88f6d72ea1d51fd;;;AITA - I don't want to have my boyfriend's kids;;;My bf has ADD (DX). The risk of genetically passing it on to a child is about 30-50%, some sources even say higher.  I've dreamed of being a mom my whole life. I think that I'd be a good parent. I think that I could handle having an ADD partner and an ADD child - but just because I can handle something stressful doesn't mean I should or have or want to. And that even depends on if they're both receiving full treatment. Of course, there is no foolproof way to know that the child may still end up having a disorder that affects executive functioning or other heath concerns - but why make the risk higher? I didn't tell him any of this.  He wants to have at least one kid with his DNA. He blew off the conversation with "well, we have time." We both want to have kids in the next few years. It scares me to spend the next few years with both of us hoping the other will reconsider.    &amp;#x200B;  I'm also questioning how he'll be with children. I mean, he's great with nieces and nephews. But he forgets to feed our dog, says the dog is his when we disagree about training, and can be a little rough with her too. (She was just his before I entered the picture. idk it was an insensitive comment and seems almost like he doesn't want my parenting, just wants the symbolism of the dog having two parents).  He's even mentioned that if we were to get a divorce (we're not even engaged) after having kids, he'd give me full custody.   &amp;#x200B;  AITA for not wanting to have kids that are genetically his because of the risk of passing on the disorder? How do I let him know now about the risk and that's my reasoning?
4149e06cfb885c8ba6e6f22b1027a5541bb60469e9fb0b7cb0895d7581173187;;;Ways to help my partner whose struggling;;;My partner (DX and medicated) really struggles with getting things done. They aren’t great at doing chores (washing up, cooking, laundry, etc.) and I want to help them get to a point where they can help more. Right now they do help out but I’d say it’s me doing 65% of the chores and I’d like to make it more 50/50.   I know people tend to think that it’s not good for the non-adhd partner to act as a parent but it actually works well for our dynamic. I really enjoy helping them improve themselves and when I help que them to do tasks and reward them, they feel better and in turn get more done and I enjoy it. In general I think I’ve always really liked caring for people and so this just feels like an extension of that. I give them positive reinforcement and make sure to remind them to eat, take breaks, clean, do their laundry, etc. and I’ve seen a *huge* improvement in their willingness to help out and it’s been a lasting change (they’ve consistently been helping out for months now!).   I’m wondering if anyone has any reward systems in place that they use with their partners, we have tried a reward chart but I often forget to fill it out and so they lose interest and it doesn’t end up helping much. I know they thrive on structure and I’m happy to help give that to them and in some ways I already do (we have a morning and night routine which really helps with their sleep and making sure they’re well rested) but I think a little more would be the push they need to get it to a 50/50 split in terms of chores.   Also, does anyone have any links to resources where I can learn more about the effects of ADHD? I know the general idea that it makes it harder to focus and get things done but I want to know more about the other impacts so that I can help them and better understand what they’re going through.
3525ca67b3202fa628719a1d765a1090636607ec52c3d2fc56559061dd846197;;;My partner sleep schedule is off rails and affecting me as well;;;First time posting here. My partner has add and high functioning depression. We are in the process of getting help for both but it will take a few months. My partner recently graduated but with covid 19 has been unable to get a job and therefore lost a big part of their structure. This has ended up with them getting pretty shifted in sleep schedule, they go to bed between 3 and 5 am, and in both cases they tend to stay awake and get quite anxious, this makes them either wake me up by hugging me, get angry at anything doing noise and wake me or fight the sheets and wake me. This has gotten worst this week, has i am yet to sleep more than 3 hours in a row. I also am the only bread winner and have a 9 to 5 job,  and feel like a zombie today. I don't want to sleep separately, but starting to feel like I will have to (but prefer not) I have been trying to convince them to go to bed early but always end up getting an very irritated reply. The waking up i have been trying to make them a delicious breakfast everytime, but they always coma sleep halfway when i am at work. So yeah, any routine advice that could make this a bit better?
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;I need help communicating that I can’t listen to my SO talk constantly;;;I hope I don’t come off as too much of an awful person here, but my SO who is diagnosed and medicated talks from the moment that he wakes up to the moment that he falls asleep.  He’s not talking to me but more at me, and it’s about a range of topics that he read about online and found interesting.  It’s getting to the point that it hurts to hear him talk. I can’t respond to emails, read cooking directions, or silently pay attention to anything while he is in the room without him talking at me.   The problem is that he finds it hypocritical when I ask for some “quiet time” at home but then start talking to him about things like cleaning, planning ahead for joint activities, reminders about things, etc.   How can I communicate the difference between him talking at me instead of to me (sometimes he’ll ask a question but then barrel on over me and thinks that it’s a conversation...), and explain that sometimes I don’t have the bandwidth to engage with his one-sided stream on consciousness but at the same time need to talk to him about adult things?   I dread him waking up or him coming home because regardless of what I’m doing he just starts talking at me.  If I ignore him and keep doing what I’m doing he gets upset and asks if I’m listening and then continues.  It’s starting to drive me crazy, and I’ve noticed myself subconsciously start to avoid him.
1d54a684abdf47a0fc8ef84e1db609824e1883c59cdb1e5bcc2ec64793236263;;;On again off again relationship. ADHD or just a dick?;;;I (26)F, have been in a year long emotional rollercoaster with a (31)F. Our relationship has always been very emotionally intense, we fell for each other very quickly. She told me she had ADHD very soon after getting to know each other but it was treated more as a joke as she has a big goofy personality and she plays it off well. She has never been diagnosed or gotten any help with it but it’s very clear that’s what she struggles with. Her moods are very extreme, she takes big risks, doesn’t know how to stay still and is always planning her next move because she needs to stay stimulated. Now for the most part I am very patient, but I take her impulsive thoughts and behaviours very personal and that’s what leads to our biggest fights/break ups.   We were slowly feeling out our relationship again after she told me she was in love with me and begged for me to be with her again, I told her my concerns of not trusting her as she is very flakey and commitment makes her freak out and I’ve been hurt by her before but nevertheless I’m the love with the woman so I fell back into her. Cue to last night, she hasn’t been in a very good headspace lately (COVID and lockdowns makes her feel very trapped) and told me she wants to move out of the country and didn’t know if she could do this relationship with me, I obviously took this very personal and got very upset. But now I’m sat here im starting to realise this might be a reaction because of her ADHD? The need to run? Does anyone else’s partners struggle with commitment/relationships etc? I need some insight because this is the first time ever looking into it.
4773e3d5162ee39ccd933719ee33f30428aaded34087a146686415360f61ac20;;;DAE ADHD partner rather insistent about things of their interest being your interest?;;;This drives me bananas.   My SO will be doing something or have an idea and then he will carry through with whatever it is (sometimes). He will then insist on a rather compulsive basis that I also be involved in whatever is he is doing/wants to do etc. Whether it is a business idea or fitness or project or trip idea or restaurant he saw driving down the road - he seems like he has an internal motor that drives him and straight at me.   I had been working all day and have a chronic health issue that is flaring up. I was also doing holiday preparation while working and mitigating my last minute to do list when I noticed I just felt icky and was swelling. I asked my partner to come check me out quick (he is a PA) and his response after glancing at me? Go for a walk. Go use the treadmill.  (Yes, I'm aware from a medical standpoint I should be exercising but Jesus Christ I could say we are out of milk and he would bring up something about the treadmill)    He has been on this kick for a few weeks now. No matter what I communicate about stress or my health or even if it is just as simple as "I have a lot to do but better go shower first", SO will bring up *something* about the treadmill or how I should work out because that's what he is currently focused on. A few weeks ago it was Minecraft. Weeks before that it was starting a business for UV light sanitation. I could keep going but he gets literally obsessed and makes sure he brings it up in almost every conversation.   God forbid I get enough after the compulsive bringing up his idea for the moment and say "No that's not happening/not doable/etc" because he immediately retreats and becomes sullen and pops off with "I'll never mention it again" and it is just so over the top dramatic. I'm not rejecting him. I'm telling him that whatever he is obsessed with at the moment isn't the answer to all of my problems.   The working out one is particularly embarrassing for me as I'm aware I've gained weight and I am rightfully sensitive about it. He is aware of this fact. It doesn't seem to deter him from making sure he mentions how I need to workout. It is just not ok. I wouldn't do that to someone. I'm wondering if he doesn't see his own behavior or thinks he is helpful or doesn't understand that while I appreciate his sharing, he gets down right obsessed with making sure whatever he is doing or wants to do, then that's what I should do too.
01c9f7cdc66e2d4e2856861285ee7eedff550e1392fa798208559e196364ad28;;;ADHD partner lied and immediately told the truth.;;;Hi all.  As far as I know my partner hasn't lies since as he seems very honest if I ask him something.  We only found out at the beginning of the year that he has ADHD so he went 40 years undiagnosed.   In the beginning of our relationship he'd get confused a lot, be careless with timing and also would forget things. I was a bit of a nightmare and am a stickler for dates past and present so if he couldn't remember something and in what time scale it happened I'd get annoyed as I could remember these things. I'm not proud of it but I was a nightmare in the beginning and have worked on myself a lot to become a better person not just for us but for me.   Anyway in the beginning I asked him something and he lied. I knew he was lying but imeadiatly after he lied he told me the truth. Literally within seconds of lying he told me the truth and said he didn't know why he lied but that he was scared of me overreacting.  I'm just curious is this something that you've noticed in your partner. Does the ADHD sometimes express itself this way?   Many Thanks Kirsty.
16722f865c51f3073856d38cae521628c32e23fec9de1f79b02a3db377aa8c1d;;;I just need opinions. Is this as big of a deal as I think it is?;;;My husband and I have been together for 5 years, married for 3. We initially bonded over a love of dogs and fostering but over the past 2ish years I've noticed he has become less interested in them, more snippy with their behavioural issues and more aggressive with me. He will snap at me and make snide comments and yell more than he used to. Around that time, he started his own business, so I put it down the the stress of it.  We currently have 3 dogs and I work nights. A few nights ago I got up a bit early to walk the dogs in the evening before I went to work. He jumped up off the sofa and stopped me, saying he'll do it so I went back to bed then went to work.  I got in at about 7 am and the house was dark so I left the lights off, walked the dogs and went into the kitchen to make a drink before bed.   He comes down and walks into some dog mess. He immediately starts swearing so I step out of the kitchen and ask him what's up. The lights are still off at this point, so I can't see that he's stepped in anything, just that he's looking at something with his phone torch.  He swears at me and tells me what's happened, I offer to clear it up and he loses his shit, saying that he can do it himself and he's not a baby. Tells me he never wanted dogs in the first place and that I need to get rid of them. I tell him no, I'm far more likely to get rid of him than the dogs. I admit this was incredibly petty and I should have handled this differently.   He goes into a full meltdown, screaming at me that I should have cleaned it up, calling me a bitch, a lazy, ugly hag and other much much filthier insults. I ask him to please stop calling me names, he laughs and said I would be able to handle it if I wasn't such a "weak willed twat".  He rips the kitchen door off the hinges and mutters about something happening to the dogs so I take them and go into the bedroom. I can hear him screaming at me about how cold I am and lack empathy and that he didn't want me to clean it up, just empathise with him getting his sock wet. In between this I can hear that he is still throwing things and calling me names.    He eventually comes into the bedroom, telling me that we need to fix this right now. He says that if I don't apologize for my lack of empathy that he's going to hang himself and I say "please stop talking like that." And he's like "or what? I bet you'd enjoy seeing me kill myself. I'm gonna do it" and I tell him that I will call the police if necessary.  He throws something at me, (I have the covers over myself and I can't see) and it smashes on the wall.  He leaves to go back downstairs so I get up and into my car.I really don't know what to do. I don't think there's any real risk of him hurting himself, he just said it to get a rise out of me.  This happened 10 or so days ago, and the next day he kinda says well, I wish it didn't happen but I should know by now that he just wants some understanding. This didn't get him the desired effect I guess because later her just said "Sorry" but since then I have not been right at all. I have ignored the other comments he's made, the constant angry outbursts.    The throwing things and breaking doors but I feel like I'm at the end of my rope. He point blank refuses relationship or individual therapy. He's already medicated. Am I bad person if I call it quits here?  Edit: fixed a few spelling.
e43073b4275e02f4e8acbcd04c43bba7a092bb5112ed71b8b295c1e1cf492221;;;Husband wants another baby..but...;;;Husband (DX/ medicated) keeps saying he wants baby #2... And so do I!   BUT...   We have a 6 month old and he barely does anything to help. He also has no patience. I'm back at work and he is unemployed right now so he is technically watching the baby but I come out every chance I get to play/ feed/ put down for naps etc. Whenever our little one is fussy, cries, is clingy etc (which is basically everyday bc he's a baby) he gets in a MOOD. I can hear his frustration and stomping around. I can hear him raise his voice at our 6 MONTH OLD. Ugh.   Parenting is hard enough and I have no idea what it's like for him. I try to have empathy but at the same time I'm struggling. I literally do everything around the house already, i do most of the baby care, while working full time. He sleeps in till noon, and all he really needs to do is play/ engage with our child but it's like "too much" for him.   So back to this baby #2 deal... I really want another one. We had always talked about 2. But I honestly don't think he's a good parent, he's a mediocre husband, and I don't have it in me to take care of both kids and him and work.   But I can't exactly tell him "I don't want another baby because I don't think you're capable of being a good father" ... bc well that would crush him.   Sigh. This wasn't meant to be a vent but it turned out to be one.
87f4fb7085afeb08689503f1a14f3262bcc27ac25ecaa550d5946aa0f14e8841;;;Personal hygiene and time awareness issues?;;;These things aren’t TOO bad but I am curious if they may be linked to ADHD. My partner (DX, medicated) often just doesn’t brush his teeth for days. His breath will be bad and I can see the buildup on his teeth when he talks. It’s definitely gotten worse since quarantine started, I think having work to go to helped him have a morning routine that involved personal hygiene but honestly the tooth brushing has been an ongoing issue whether he has to leave the house or not. Besides just being gross, it’s also a bit embarrassing if we’re out somewhere and I know that if I can smell his rank three-day-old breath then anyone else were with can smell it too. He’s had to have cavities filled a fair amount and I think the only thing that keeps it from really doing lasting damage is that he goes for a cleaning every six months like clockwork. Does anyone think that this is something ADHD related, and have advice on how to address it? I’m afraid of triggering some RSD symptoms but I really think it needs to be addressed.   Also, usually we don’t have a huge issue with this but lately it’s started to show up a little: timing skills. For example, we’ll go to the mall and we’ll only have maybe 45 minutes before we need to leave to be somewhere else. He says he wants to go to one store and I want to go to another. I’m happy to go to both but let him know we don’t have a lot of time so in order to do both we need to be brief. We go where he wants to go first but he takes so much time that by the time that he’s finally done and ready to leave, we really don’t have much time at all. He still wants to try to go to the place I wanted to go, but I’d only have maybe five minutes to look around before we’d have to leave so it feels pointless. I was a bit disappointed, and he apologized and promised we’d come back another day so I could spend as much time as I wanted looking around wherever I wanted. But I did have to talk myself off a bit of resentful disappointment that he insisted we go where he wanted to go first and spent over 30 minutes in there despite me pointing out that we only had a little bit of time.
edd035a2dc77da01bf2000b6b3b05eb68c4b7aa0e9667a4abe5b52b413350ec6;;;What do you wish you knew before dating/marrying someone with ADHD?;;;Hey everyone,   I’ve fallen quite hard for a lad with ADHD. We started off as friends so I know a majority of his little ticks. He is currently 18, but was diagnosed as a child. He was determined to do school without medication until his senior year so he’s been medicated for about two years. He isn’t severe, but when he stops his medication he gets more fidgety, train of thought is far more jumbled, and he tends to get more anxious. It’s manageable, however, I’m worried about behaviour I might not see when we aren’t together. He struggles with being totally oblivious to romantic notions and has issues reading others emotions. It’s taken me months to get him to notice that I might be interested, and now that we both know these feelings are mutually there, I can see him fighting his extreme shyness and anxiety to get to that next stage however it’s very hard for him. (He can’t look/talk to me anymore without hiding behind his friends. It’s sweet but also so many steps backwards from where we started.)  Is there an effective way to address my needs and provide consistency at the begging so he understands my boundaries?   Are there things I should be reading looking into before I throw myself into a relationship with him?
2c879e4ba6beb894cc020eb67c76c2ac1bee27703916b81ad15cc87c1b996f77;;;Hey there!;;;Hey everyone, my name is Maya.   My boyfriend has ADHD and is struggling to find a treatment that helps him focus, but still let him feel like himself. I found a website that gathers everyone's ADHD treatment experiences and then compares them all to give about data about what works best and statistics about side effects. If this community gets bigger we can actually get results about what works best. You can fill out the survey for your partner, it's not that long, takes about 10-15 minutes to complete. here's the link: [https://stuff.co/s/xptVhHFh](https://stuff.co/s/xptVhHFh)
3b665c5060d9abafc62d10e14ac0705d348cf43fe03faf52ef0df862d193c205;;;Does anyone else feel like they're going crazy?;;;Does anyone else feel like everything is in their head? Or that they're going absolutely crazy?  Some background: my husband, (m/29), is un-diagnosed and untreated for his ADHD, and as such I feel like he is in deep delusion about his behavior. I set up a counseling session to try and get him on board with addressing his mental health. Ten minutes into the session the therapist said it sounded like he very obviously has a text book case of ADHD. Since then he has done nothing to improve his mental health, and my frustration is building. I have done TONS of research, I found him a family doctor in the hopes that he would be diagnosed. But he will not seek further help, and even mentioned that he wishes he had never told me what the therapist said :(  &amp;#x200B;  I feel like whenever I point out a behavior that I think is caused by ADHD, like his constant distraction, he wants me to provide multiple examples. I feel like I need to carefully construct a business case for any behavior of his that negatively impacts me that I want him to work on. The problem is, even if I feel like I have a rock solid case, he says he doesn't see what I mean and that he won't apologize for things he doesn't think he does. I feel like I am constantly second guessing myself, and that I am going crazy :(  &amp;#x200B;  Anyone else experience this? I also have problems with self esteem and anxiety so I feel like I can't always trust my own perception of things.
e15962f28c1e488f24be2772cf99a82e6bc0fd00be63d80f5b03821b7be99a22;;;The bad days keep adding up;;;I just need to vent.  My SO (diagnosed) will not change. He will never 'grow up'. He's not going to magically become more trustworthy or responsible with age or experience. I have to stop thinking/hoping this way. I need to accept that this is always the way things will be and then step back and review my boundaries.    I am writing this from the passenger seat as we start day 2 of a much anticipated vacation.  Fuck. I say vacation but it's clear that I will not be getting any rest or relaxation. I am here to Shepard my two actual children and my adult ADHD "partner" through the joys of a trip to the beach.  Can't find your shit? Ask your wife. Don't know how to get there? Ask your wife.  Don't know the capital of the state you're in? Ask your wife and then argue when she tells you the answer.    This the petty shit. I feel bad talking about the real stuff. The big stuff like gambling away the Christmas money, or texting/searching your phone while driving and screaming at me when I call you on it, or not listening when I say no. Never ever ever leaving me alone. Never dreaming of a trip or a weekend that doesn't involve me picking up the pieces of your chaos, even when I beg to be solo. "Well i will just be in the other room" is his idea of alone time for me, but he gets weekends and whole days every week to be solo. He does nothing with his me time. He sits on his ass in front of the tv.   I've created a system where i am everyone's emotional support animal and I get nothing in return.  Whose fault is that? Just mine.   Every day I wake up and try to make the best of things.  The bad days are getting worse.  I am trying to keep it together for the kids, but I can't last much longer.    "Relax! I've got this" he says, although I can count on my fingers the number of times that you actually have got this. Relationships are built on trust,  respect,  and shared purpose, and we only have the last one.
0665b6c10e17220591a6f635aab510cc56dce43a98d578473ae5d6f8f407f962;;;How can I bring up that I think my partner has ADHD?;;;Long time lurker, first time poster here...I'm an elementary teacher and I see and deal with students with ADHD/ADD a lot. I can't remember a year where I haven't had at least one student with it.   I am pretty sure my fiance (32,M) has ADHD. He has the classic symptoms of it- inattention, hyper-focus on certain tasks, forgetful, doesn't pay attention to details, begins tasks without plans, waits until the last minute, feels worthless at times, etc...   He has sort of joked about having ADHD before, but hasn't been tested or diagnosed. It's sort of been used as an excuse for things and not taken seriously. The problem is that many of our arguments result from behaviors that go with this. How can I talk to him about him possibly having it and maybe talking to someone about it without offending him?  Any suggestions would be helpful.
9ee4983e15cb6b974cd584c9462fc20510ac779990b1d51041baf54a6fde196c;;;Trying to date someone with ADHD, don’t know if I should keep pursuing or just give up?;;;I am trying to date someone with ADHD who is hopeless at keeping in touch. He will go weeks with no contact and I have to be the one to chase him up and organize everything. The only times he’s ever messaged me unprompted is on the days of the dates to tell me how much he’s looking forward to seeing me, 3 dates over a couple of months and hardly any communication in between.  The dates have been great, and it’s been years since I’ve made it to 3 dates with anyone. We’ve gone out for dinner and he seems really into me when we’re together, he compliments me, we flirt, the chemistry is there, we talk about doing things in the future but then...radio silence.   A few times I’ve tried to see him he says he isn’t coping, I’ll give him space hoping he’ll reach out when he’s ready but he never does, then I end up checking in on him &amp; it’s like he’s felt a bit ashamed &amp; seems grateful I’ve done that and apologizes for his behaviour.  I’ve given him multiple outs to end this/just be friends but he never takes them. He’s made comments about how he thought I would have been done with him. On our last date I told him the ghosting really bothers me &amp; he needs to lift his game, he told me his lack of communication is nothing personal and to not feel bad if I have to triple text him etc. Also mentioned he was unmedicated atm.  The thing is after expressing what I needed he hasn’t made any effort to communicate with me apart from after the date telling me how much he enjoyed it (I told him if he didn’t contact me within a day I was done). I messaged him about a week later to try and make plans and got a pretty vague response about how he was barely getting by. That was almost 2 weeks ago.   I don’t know how to approach this. Do I keep checking in on him or just leave him alone &amp; take a hint he doesn’t want anything to do with me? I really like this guy but can’t figure out if he’s playing games and keeping me around as a a back up option / too polite to tell me he’s not that interested, or he really is struggling atm and I need to be more patient. I just feel like he’d put a bit more effort in if he was genuinely into me.
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Spouse's first doc appt (postponed to today) will cost $250, this is a problem.;;;(Vent) We are fortunate that we can afford it but just barely. And before you ask, yes, we do have insurance but as an hourly contractor and primary earner, the plan I have for us is a terrible one since all costs are out of pocket until we reach our deductible of $5,000. Once we reach that, we'll have a copay but I'm not sure we'll even get there before the year is over, and I'm not sure if the limitations on the mental health feature cover more than a handful of appointments anyway.  Every appointment after this one is $150. We have to max out a vet/medical credit card which was already carrying a balance I was slowly paying off, in order to make these appointments happen for him. While we both know it's so important and not a reason to not get the help he needs, the cost is simply prohibitive for so many. He's upset about it, which is making me upset about it, in spite of the hope these visits will bring. Feeling frustrated, and the insurance company is useless about it.
6f1851e17002c89f373f219a2eb2eeec40da44f432445702428108339c12ec1b;;;What is lack of empathy vs. lack of social awareness?;;;Hi there. My partner and I have been married for 6 years and he's been treated for ADHD for the last 9. He takes meds and has worked with a therapist in the past, currently doing a more self-help type approach. My question is about responding to hurtful or thoughtless behavior that is ADHD related, and what are reasonable expectations for behavior given that he has a disability. Some examples:  1. My partner has issues integrating information that get worse when there is a lot of distractions or stress. He covers for this often by using rote phrases as responses, and it's obvious to me that he's not actively listening. For example, we were at a somewhat loud bar with several TVs.  My partner kept getting distracted by the TVs and at one point said "that's cool, man!" in response to his friend talking about how their father was having some serious medical issues. I said something like "wait, did you say that your dad needed surgery...?" and my partner snapped to attention and said something like "oh sorry I misheard, is your dad ok?" 2. Sometimes he struggles to speak clearly in stressful situations and it causes conflicts to escalate. Example: I asked him to help secure some shelving that was unsteady. In the process of doing so he knocked one of my plants off the shelf and the pot broke. When I came over and asked if he needed help, he gave me confusing instructions ("Hold the thing over there"), and when I didn't respond how he wanted he got short tempered with me.  I then got really upset with him because I was still processing that my plant was damaged and then he's there yelling at me because HE can't communicate effectively. 3. He can be excessively self-focused. He will talk at length about things he cares about without gauging whether others have lost interest or if he's monopolizing the conversation. He complains bitterly about how bad other drivers are and then does the exact same things himself (example: he gets annoyed when people take too long to pull out of parking spots because they're on their phone, but then will do the same thing). He will have days where he is mostly complaining to me about the same things he finds annoying (drivers, our crappy public transit system, capitalism, etc) and I have to interrupt and tell him "you've just complained about five different things in a row, maybe we could talk about positive things for a while?" It's like negativity is so self-stimulating that he doesn't see/care how draining I find it even though I've told him many times. 4. He doesn't take negative feedback well. For example he keeps forgetting to shut off the stove, I've nicely asked him to be more mindful at least half a dozen times. Well, recently he forgot the stove was on and accidentally put some fabric on the burner and it got burned. Later I tried to talk to him more seriously to ask "what can we do to help you remember when the stove is on?"  He had no suggestions. I offered that a red light comes on when a burner is on and maybe he could pay attention to that. He claimed to have never noticed this light (plausible) but then speculated it was broken (it isn't) and asked me to stop pressing the issue. I told him it's a safety issue and I have a right to express my concerns and worries to him. Why is it so hard to say "Sorry, I'll pay attention to whether the light is on next time"?   I feel like I'm constantly setting boundaries or redirecting behavior, like "if this bar is too distracting for you to hear what's being said, let's relocate" or "please don't yell at me when you just broke my plant" or "you've hit your complaining quota for the day so let's move on" or "I am worried your behavior is unsafe and will not 'just drop it' because I am entitled to my feelings and concerns."   I think this makes him resent me for "correcting" him all the time (hello rejection sensitive dysphoria).  I just don't know what the alternative is. I think ideally he would get some sort of occupational therapy for adults with ADHD but the few centers around us don't take his insurance. I have been encouraging him to get some sort of therapy especially to learn to respond better to negative feedback and he says he's open to it and then doesn't do any follow up.
408e0181a4ef7c368fe19e9f06214c93e1f40bf194e90a811357eb750913b4ae;;;Accountability;;;One of the biggest challenges in my relationship is listening to my partner shift blame and reasoning with negative outcomes onto things, objects, scenarios, circumstances etc when in reality, it is the individuals decisions that are entirely responsible for the repercussions. It is hard for people without this diagnosis, so I do feel for people with it - and how hard it must be. Does anyone have advice on ways to communicate this without offending someone with ADHD?
820c5da5b88440a62959072c67f844963f4d05392d01e9ee8e7cb247740e0917;;;I'm going insane and I don't know what to do - please help;;;Boyfriend is NDX - partly because his parents won't let him see a doctor without their permission (despite the fact that he's 22) and partly because I don't think he wants a diagnosis. I love him to death but I can't take it anymore.   Background: because of quarantine, I'm watching his cousin's 3 kids while the parents work. Boyfriend isn't working and didn't accept a job offer to go back to the restaurant he was working at because he's trying to pursue his film &amp; photography career. I don't know how much effort he's put into creating projects or finding a job, but nothing has happened with that yet. He's also getting about $700/week in unemployment, I'm making $360 a week for 4 days a week. I'm also a student and I'm taking 5 online summer classes this semester.   Today, I asked if he could come over and help me watch the kids. He'll come to hang out with all of us once or twice a week, and it also gives me the opportunity to get some work done. He is not forced into this in any way and comes to work with by choice.  Last night, we talked about him coming to help today as well as staying until the end because I have to leave early for a doctor's appointment today. He agreed and we went to sleep. This morning, we woke up together and got ready. I left for work, he said all he had to do was get dressed, walk the dog, and do the dishes (we alternate chore and it was his turn). I'm at work by 8, he told me he would be there by 9.   I'm tired. I didn't sleep well. When I got to work, the 3 year old was crabby because she didn't sleep well either, so she's insanely needy and grumpy which takes all of my attention.   At 8:30, he says he'll be there by 10. When 10 rolls around and he isn't there, I text him. He tells me he can be there at 11. I'm trying to understand what's making him so late. Sometimes he just gets "stuck" so I'll try to help him make a list of things he has to do to get out the door. He isn't answer texts or calls. 11 rolls around, he isn't here, no contact. At 11:30, he still isn't here, he still needs to get dressed and walk the dog, and the dishes aren't done. He can't tell me what he's been doing all morning, he says he doesn't know.  He finally arrives at noon. I don't yell, I don't chastise, I just give him the run down on what's happening with the kids, what needs to happen, etc. I go into the office because I know I'm upset and I need to calm down, as well as get some work done (when BF is here I'll work for 2-3 hours, again this arrangement has been agreed upon by both of us as well as the parents).   This situation happens so often, but every time I need him to be somewhere at a certain time, I believe that he'll be there on time. And every single time, he's late. Every single time, there's no communication that he's having a hard time. Every. Single. Time.   Typing this all out, I guess it doesn't sound that upsetting, but the issue is that this happens almost every time he says he's coming over, and I can't take it anymore. I need him to do something, anything to attempt to manage his symptoms.   I know it's hard. I understand that. I know his brain doesn't work the way mine does. But he doesn't communicate, he puts no effort into symptom management, he doesn't reach out for any kind of help. I be there for him in every way that I can. I give him every ounce of patience that I have. I love him deeply for who he truly is, even on days like today.   Obviously I'm not a perfect person, but there's definitely an imbalance in our relationship. I have a lot of trauma from childhood and when we started dating 3 years ago, I was really angry at everything. He told me that if I didn't get my anger under control, we'd have to break up. Since then I've done self help workbooks and gone to therapy and faced my trauma and done some really hard things, and I'm not nearly as angry as I used to be. But he's been like this since day 1, and hasn't done any work.   I'm not asking him to change overnight. I'm not asking him to become perfect. I don't want to "cure" him - there's nothing to cure. But I can't keep living like this. Lately, our relationship has felt like we're just friends with benefits, not a partnership. Lately I've been living my life like I'm alone. If he offers to do a chore I accept, but I really don't ask him to do things for us anymore. It's just easier this way.   I've tried so many things. I've tried directly helping him - buying him books, apps, setting timers and reminders for him, setting up our apartment to help him get through his day, posting routines on mirrors so he knows what he has to do, doing tasks for him, etc. When I do this, he says I'm being overbearing or treating him like a child and asks me to stop. I've tried leaving him alone to let him deal with things in his own way. When I do this, he says I'm not there for him and he feels alone.   I've tried just about everything I can think of, every tip I could find - I've tried it all. Nothing has worked so far. He tells me he cares and wants to manage his symptoms, but it's dawned on me that he's probably just telling me what I want to hear. I know I can't make him care, but I don't know how much longer I can sit around and wait for him to start caring.   I'm asking for anyone to help, because I'm losing my mind. Has anyone else ever had to deal with this? Has anything worked? I don't want to break up with him. I want a life with him; I just don't want this to be our life.
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;It's official!;;;We already knew a couple of months as the specialist had informed us by telephone, but we \*finally\* received the official test results of his diagnosis in the mail this week!   After years of riding this rollercoaster,  holding this small bundle of papers in my hand gives such peace of mind, and a chance to leave a lot of misunderstanding and negativity behind us.  &amp;#x200B;  ^(Hooray my S.O. is ADHD-PI!)  I'm gonna grab myself a glass of wine to celebrate!
ed2222eb96cb34c827c4eb577d8e0ec58dd27049c505c40b322349eb1ad32f68;;;Boundaries;;;So I’m on the part in The ADHD Effect on Marriage about boundaries and I’m curious, what boundaries have you and your ADHD spouse set? We discussed always showing respect, even when we’re upset and using the phrase “can you rephrase that?” when we feel like the other isn’t saying something respectful. And then my personal boundary is to ask “do you want advice or for me to just listen” because it’s in my nature to jump in and help out even when it’s not asked (co dependent family traits yay). I’m also toying with some wording of my happiness depends upon me but not sure how to phrase it. Basically I’m trying to work myself back to a person I like and can be proud of again (see previous post about being my old self)   TL;DR What boundaries hace you guys set together and/or separately
c48bbc679e54bc61d8ff3f3e8cc31a63fc2a63026b638fb1899862aa9d10ab1e;;;ADHD partner catastrophising relationship issues OR am I the one with the wool over my eyes?;;;Hello again, thanks so much for your replies on my other post yesterday. I'm slowly trying to get into this subreddit again and feel confident to share what's going on as I often just deal with it on my own.  I want to know some peoples' thoughts on this:  My partner (38M ADHD DX, non medicated) and I have had a pretty rocky relationship this last 14 or so months if I'm honest (we've been together 2 years almost). We're deeply in love and have a close friendship and a very healthy sex life. But we argue quite a bit (a few times a week), typically about very minor things (the way it usually goes is he'll say something I did bothered him, I'll get defensive, he'll retaliate and say something not very nice and I'll cry). Earlier this year (mid pandemic) we had some awful arguments, probably 1 every 3 days which were absolutely emotion-filled, yelling (him and me) and crying (me). Often about things related to my past or minor things, and mainly brought up by him. They were like explosions. I felt like I couldn't catch a break, and some hurtful things were said that devastated me. I don't deny my part in that but it definitely felt like a victim (I don't really like that word) situation. Anyway after some very big conversations he agreed to get help for his ADHD and since then (3 or so months ago) we have had some real breakthroughs - significantly less arguing, very few disrespectful or hurtful things being said, just such a big change. But today my partner has said to me he thinks that I cause a lot of our issues (though he did admit it's both of us) and that I've changed (I'm more sensitive now and I blow things out of proportion). It really sounds like he's given up :( he said this is the hardest relationship he's been in cuz he's more invested. I worry his feelings towards me have changed.   He's not wrong about those things at all, but I can't help but feel a bit shit that now that he thinks I'm the problem with the relationship (getting unduly upset, being sensitive and emotional) when I do think that I've become this way because of a lack of ADHD management in the beginning (that is by no means me wiping my hands clean either!).  I feel like now he's really corrected his behaviour, I'm left with some scars and wounds and am dealing with issues just like how he used to. Like cause and effect? Not sure. It's like the tables have turned and I'm now the irritational one!? It feels so unfair :( It's like he doesn't see how he can still contribute to difficulties. When I try to tell him I'm upset about something he has gotten so sick of hearing bad shit/criticisms (I know people with ADHD can take things very harshly) that he sometimes just rolls his eyes or says 'what now' and won't even hear me out. That further upsets me then it turns into more of a thing than it needs to be! He asks "why can't we just bring things up and deal with it quickly" as if he's not got ADHD lol. I feel like pulling my hair out!   I still do feel justified in the things I bring up with him (usually my issues with him are around how he communicates or if he says something insulting or mean) but my approach is never right for him and the more he gets annoyed the more I get upset.  Also, the pandemic has been so hard on him. He gets bored so easily and says his life is so boring. He's even admitted to starting arguments cuz he's bored! He's also been more moody and has taken out his frustrations on me. Does anyone else notice that? Another reason it feels unfair that he seems to think I might be the root cause of the current issues in our relationship. Is it fair to say that our relationship is me, you and ADHD? I mean this sincerely, we would barely argue if ADHD wasn't involved or if it was properly managed. I never nag, I never speak to him meanly or harshly! I'm so easygoing is what is so perplexing. 99% of what I get upset about is when he's said something hurtful or harsh to me. I'm also just so sensitive to any criticism and I've never been like that.   I'm just looking for a bit of advice around healing I suppose, and how anyone else has navigated this. I feel a bit like a wounded puppy, just lashing out at anything and getting upset in an extreme way.    Please no comments around leaving him, I want to heal and to recover from this with him. PS I see a therapist.
3ea832dd8832529e04542e5427c07ee4e61900b554f888a8aaf8047ad7d18887;;;ADHD (ndx) SO making our life and his son’s so hard;;;This doesn’t come from a place of heartlessness but frustration. My SO is constantly making his and his son’s (9) life harder by not thinking things through or bc of forgetfulness. My SO has told me that he thinks he has ADD and I agree. He’s inattentive, impulsive, has trouble following multistep chores, etc. Tonight he went to make himself and his son dinner at 7pm and found that the chicken he was planning to cook had gone bad. He had to go to the store for more food and by the time he and son eat it will be bedtime. He always does things like this. Can’t manage time so son goes back to his mom’s house unshowered/unfed. He can’t put time limits on his or son’s activities so they both end up being late for things. Goes to work without phone or sends son to school without his backpack. I’m sick of it and I’ve stopped trying to help because when I do I get a huffy response of “I was about to do that” or “don’t worry about it it doesn’t relate to you” and it’s clear that my attempts to help don’t make a difference to SO.   If SO had ever tried to get tested or spoken to a dr about this I would be more understanding. But he has never looked into this and just lives how he wants without questioning the impact on his and his son’s life. Son is young and has his own (diagnosed) executive functioning challenges so if he is going to learn life and self management skills it’s crucial for his dad to take his own cognitive needs seriously. I’m sick of taking care of both of them and watching them fail when I don’t step in. Idk how to address this with him, in the past when I’ve tried to talk to him about managing his shortcomings (I didn’t put it like that)he’s gotten frustrated and said I’m overreacting. I want to have a conversation about him getting tested and addressing these issues but I have no idea how to bring it up. Any suggestions from folks who have gone through similar situations?
a2e9f1d7e65e3e6cf07a948c90b757ae251b9ecf00e8d75ab08d3ffc2df5aae6;;;ADHD dx (M30) broke up with me due to depression and frustrations. I need help.;;;Hi, I’ve never posted here before - I actually posted this over on the ADHD sub, but thought some of you here might also be able to provide some wisdom and comfort. I identify as a HSP - Highly Sensitivity Person with anxiety (F27) and as mentioned in the title of this post, he is (M30) DX but not medicated. I really need some insight and help as to why my bf of 2 and a bit years - now ex-bf has broken up with me...   I’m not really okay. Things aren’t great. He and I had a big chat last week and he’s decided that we shouldn’t keep seeing each other. He says he’s just been feeling very frustrated (over small things) and these emotions while he’s tried to keep them at bay, still boil over and he has angry loud outbursts, which he says isn’t fair to me and that I deserve better...   I feel this is also connected to the depression he’s been experiencing during and now after finishing a massive uni degree (where he achieved amazingly!), as I’ve read a lot that this happens especially with men and depression as they feel they are a burden and cannot give the women what they truly deserve. Even though they still love lots of things about them. He says he does still love me, which is making this so hard, we both still love each other and want to help each other, but he just cannot seem to get past these confusing emotions, and so thinks this is the best way... I’m very devastated, we have been through so much and have lots of love for each other, I’m his no. 1 support and he mine. I’ve told him I am here for him.  Q: I’m posting here to get clarity on the frustrations he’s experiencing and cannot seem to shake... has anyone here experienced this and if so how did you cope individually or in a relationship?   Q: Does/can ADHD medication help with this/these frustrations? He has tried a few different methods and has had anti depressants and all seem to have side affects that don’t sit well with him and so now he isn’t on anything.   For example, he got frustrated with me the other day, I walked one way in a crowd and he wanted and truly thinks that going the other way is the better way..., I only did this because I wanted to look at something or avoid something in the direction of travel... from what I can gather it’s these small things that get him annoyed/frustrated over time and they build up and then he feels resentful for feeling that way. Which he knows is over silly things and so feels ridiculous, which makes him feel even worse... and he says it’s genuinely nothing I’ve done or am doing purposefully.   Is this living with an ADHD brain? I’m so shattered right now and he is very confused and upset as well and cannot give me many answers, so I thought I’d come here. I should also mentioned both of us have sort and seek professional help for these things individually, I suggested we go somewhere together, but he wasn’t keen on that.  If I don’t response to all comments, please know I’m appreciative, but maybe too upset to reply.
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;Need Guidance Setting My (NT) Expectations of Partner (ADHD, Dx, Rx);;;First off, I can’t even tell the wave of relief that o felt when I discovered this community.  I’ve felt so sad, angry, lonely, and very alone surrounded by trash and stress and disaster everywhere.   I’m having a hard time figuring out what’s reasonable to expect from my partner when it comes to keeping the household running and managing himself, and setting those expectations will help me manage my resentment.  I need help differentiating between what’s ADHD, and what’s him being lazy (he grew up with a SAHM who did all of the cleaning, and he has a history of trying to get away with doing the bare minimum).  We live together, and it’s really hard.    Does anybody have advice on differentiating between ADHD, laziness, and how to understand as the NT partner what’s reasonable to expect from him?  We have also developed an unhealthy dynamic where he’s codependent on me being his executive functioning failsafe and I’ve taken on the role of manager or parent. Can we break this dynamic?
210d8eb49893db77503ce3e3afacffc3f9829c81948e872fe1c6b67dfefb7bdd;;;I think my (23f) bf (25m Dx) is emotionally neglectful and sometimes downright toxic, but I feel unsure.;;;I think I want some validation and outside perspective. Especially, since I often second guess myself because I have been abusive in the past, and feel sometimes like I can't see if I'm being treated badly as a result. I'm sorry for the long post, I'm not sure how to tell this without context.  A few nights ago I as drifting in and out of sleep in bf's bed, and kept the lights on since he likes them on until he goes to sleep. He walked in maybe an hour or two later.   After this, I recall two instances where I said to him that I was really sleepy and wanted to sleep. I'm not sure exactly what I said or if he reacted because I was half-asleep each time.  I have a lot of trouble sleeping with lights/movement. Even when he is on his phone next to me in the dark I can't sleep well.  Then once more I woke up, and saw his laptop open and he was also playing a mobile game with volume up. Exhausted, I sat up and asked "Can we please go to sleep? I'm so tired." His response was to "fucking turn around then", implying that I turn away from the lights.  I felt pretty disgusted at this point. In the past he's talked to me like that before and I used to get very hurt, cry, and wonder what I did wrong, but I've learned now that my reaction doesn't matter, because he doesn't think he needs to be sorry, and he doesn't show remorse. He has been sorry for things, but more often for situations like this, it seems like he only cares about shutting down my argument. The times I remember his sorry most, is when it has been dug out of him after hours of trying to get him to hear me out, and it never feels sincere.   I didn't say anything, and a few minutes later he finally shut everything down and then kind of touched me affectionately as if nothing happened.   The next day I felt a hollow bitterness as I tried to decide if I wanted to bring up what happened the night before. He was definitely not going to. As time for him to go to work got closer, I decide to just go for it, one more time. A little part of me hoped he would show me some compassion, some remorse. But I knew that instead he was going to double down and refuse to apologize to me because somehow me not wanting to be cursed and demanded to turn around when I just want sleep is what I deserved.  Of course, he did exactly what I expected him to. I started crying, almost half-halfheartedly because it's what I expected, but I felt shocked seeing that the person I've been with for two years is so callous. He walked out during the conversation, he did have to leave for work after all, and I heard him whistling to himself and watching a video while in the restroom.   I didn't know what was going to happen, I just mechanically started trying to gather everything I had in the house. After he left for work, I called my friend (also Dx, but he's way more compassionate and immediately reassured me, and he and his partner helped me throughout this ordeal), calmed down, and left with my stuff. I decided not to speak to my boyfriend, scared that if I tried to talk to him I would get caught up in his dismissiveness and continue being around him with this monkey on my shoulder. That same night he invited me to a concert through discord, I ignored it, and I think he understood I didn't want to speak to him, so he didn't contact me again.  Yesterday, I impulsively went to his house and tried to talk to him by writing so I wouldn't get tangled up in argument. And hearing his side, I feel angry.   He believes that the way I spoke to him was no different than the way he spoke to me. Essentially, I accused him of speaking disrespectfully and hatefully for pushing me once more to basically go with his flow and cursing at me. He accuses me of doing the same to him, i.e. wanting him to turn off the lights and do what I wanted him to do. He also insinuated that I was being thoughtless because I didn't stop to think that the reason he didn't turn off the lights was because he was too sleepy to get up from bed or wherever I don't even know and turn them off. And that alternatively, I could have offered to turn off the lights instead of pestering him with an annoyed tone to turn off the lights. He also thinks that I could just cover my face with the blanket to block light, since he's seen me do it before. But that won't fix the issue, and though I find it comforting I don't sleep like that, it's just for comfort/warmth. I don't think he cares about that though.  I feel like I have done so much work in this relationship addressing my toxic habits, and overall trying to become a more put together person. And I've learned so much about attachment traumas and adhd , and it's never acknowledged by him. I don't care if he has said he cares about me or loves me, I feel like he doesn't respect me or even see everything I do to try and understand him and to be open and respectful. I think he sees me as a hysterical crybaby because of how many times I've ended up having tearful arguments with him because he barely responds and then shuts down saying we've been talking for hours, when it has been me trying to get him to talk to me in a productive way, for not just hours, but weeks. It's as if he feels like I deserve to be hurt or treated so coldly, but I keep hoping that maybe he's just self-absorbed and he's not intentionally punishing me. I can't tell!  I feel like he is always a victim and therefore shouldn't have to apologize, for example:   * I said that in my family we all shared rooms and learned to respectfully turn off lights and sounds if one of us was ready to sleep, and he immediately said that it's weird I say that since I have kept him awake in past arguments (where my feelings were hurt and he probably was  stonewalling me and I get anxious and cried). * At one point he had a crush on a girl during a time where he was emotionally neglecting me, and when I was telling him to stop hanging out with her because he seemed to havehad poor emotional boundaries and to consider my feelings he asked me "Why don't you want me to happy?", since I was telling him he couldn't have this friend during a time where I guess he felt depressed and didn't have very good friends. * I've told him that I think he needs to make an effort to read/learn about relationships and how adhd affects them, and mentioned that I have put a lot of emotional energy learning about it and trying to manage my part of the relationship. His response was that I would read about relationships anyways. I guess saying, this is just something that I like to do and that I can't expect him to do that kind of thing? * Early in the relationship I was being annoying playfully even after he told me to stop making sounds, and I got a bit too close to him so he pushed my face away from him with his hands and then didn't say anything afterwards. I was very confused and had an extremely low sense of self so I just let it slide, thinking I shouldn't have kept messing around.   He doesn't remember those last two incidents I'm sure..  I feel like he is crazy making. I have tried to justify and validate him so much in the past, and I'm feeling like it was all for waste, because of how unremorseful he gets. Beyond this he's pleasant to be around, but emotionally I don't think I trust him anymore. I'm not sure I ever did. I have a lot of friends I'm emotionally close with that love me and feel like I am a good person, I can't possibly be the only one who is at fault for demanding basic consideration? I don't see this relationship growing anymore..
cd0360a919c7fcd8bec372c88c7dfcf6df30aecb4e1c36bc62c29d0a1a5388c2;;;For those with kids, does your children also have ADHD?;;;I (25F) (NT) would like to start a family one day with my undiagnosed boyfriend (24M). I understand that ADHD can be genetic so I'm wanting to know the likelihood of my boyfriend passing it down.  Just wondering if any of you have NT children, a mix of NT and ADHD children or all ADHD children?  Thanks ❤️
e43073b4275e02f4e8acbcd04c43bba7a092bb5112ed71b8b295c1e1cf492221;;;SUGGESTIONS NEEDED FOR HUSBAND WHO LOVES TO WORK ON PROJECTS;;;Husband (dx/ medicated) loves DIY projects around the house. However... his adhd makes it VERY challenging. At any given time there are about 10 ongoing or unfinished projects.   He rushes to start a project bc he’s impulsive. As a result he doesn’t plan. When he doesn’t plan he forgets something, is missing a part or tool, or the project doesn’t work out the way he had envisioned.   He then gets frustrated, and into the spiraling self pity. “I can’t do anything right. I’m never fixing anything again. Our lives will just be ruined forever. I suck as a man”   I don’t really care about the projects - we can just hire someone to fix things. But he doesn’t want to do that. He always says he can do it and either never gets around to it or doesn’t finish.   Does anyone have suggestions on how I can get him to slow down and plan/ think projects through? Or just be ok when they don’t work? Hire someone to do it?
2093655e24f2b30d3ebcdb95e988ff7eb417a9ba0cb057701a26748e15ada9d0;;;How can i end my relationship?;;;We have been together for 4 years now, Im 23 and she's 25 (dx). She is the first oficial relationship i have ever had because i had never let myself get too close to people because of my own mental illness (a dissociative and trauma dissorder), so i have never had any experience at ending relationships but this one just feels like a chore for both of us, i need support she cant give me and i dont know how im failing her but im sure she is not satisfied with me.  I love her and she loves me, intenselly, but our comunication is crap and any effort i do to talk to her is ignored, and i dont want/need her to be there or aviable 24/7 but when i text her  saying that im having allucinations or that someone is stalking me i just need some basic support not just "oh wow" she makes me feel like no one would ever care about my problems.  If we moved together she would see how fucked up i am and her adhd would make everything worse, this thing is not going to work, it just stopped working since i graduated university and then the quarentine and now we just send each other messajes like once every couple of days, i could reach out more and try to talk to her more but i dont trust her.  I know she wont even make an effort to contact me if i just dissapear but i dont want to just dissapear to end the relationship, i need closure but i dont know how to end everything without hurting her feeling and making her just blame herself for everything that went wrong
f7f23c82a48d5da555e2771f8fd582878aab303465bd8e31849f9405dc55ba9f;;;I like to nap, and my boyfriend loves to sing....;;;I'm a super light sleeper, and I love to take a nap in the afternoon. My boyfriend who has never been officially diagnosed with ADHD, but has a lot of the characteristics, absentmindedly sings a lot of the time. He doesn't even realize he is doing it. I've tried asking him to put sticky notes up before I nap, but he just can't seem to stop. He feels bad when I tell him that I can't sleep, but he forgets and starts singing again. Short of earplugs does anyone have any advice? We have pets who constantly move around so we also can't close the bedroom door.
5405fbb43e0f169565aac36274d68e99f2c070c5bffd7a9b215af6c048c1aec8;;;I need relationship advice;;;Hello all. I am asking for some advice. I'll start off with the background. I met this girl at work last summer, and we kicked it off and started dating. She was sweet, pretty, and smart. About two months into the relationship, she explained to me about her ADHD and depression problems. Now, as a 20 yr old in college, I have had no previous experience with people with ADHD, and barely knew what it was. I love this girl, and I want to help her out, but she seems to not want to help herself out. I have read a lot about teenage girls with ADHD and their symptoms, and most sources say it would be best to obtain a therapist, but she always makes excuses. Let me explain how it first started.  About two months in the relationship, she explained to me how she had an episode in an uber, where she was cursing out the uber driver for no reason after a night out, at which he called the cops, and she called her friends. Her friends came and picked her up, and she proceeded to try to harm herself with a knife in a bathtub.  She eventually called her parents, and they helped her out. She got prescribed these anti depression meds after. At this point, my younger more naive me thought to myself, " This girl needs help/is crazy." But I still managed to have a good relationship with her. Over the months we have had our arguments and fights, but have been able to work it out at the end, although sometimes I worry. She would get very, very easily offended, and would be very defensive of any criticism, no matter how small. It could be telling her she put something in the wrong spot. She would get very moody when I would not give her attention all the time, but yet would text back very unengagingly, while I would try to be uppity and have a fun conversation with her. One time, out of anxiety, and after I told her that she should not say negative things about me when angry to one of my good friends who then used it against me in a group message, she got really mad, started yelling at me to leave her apartment, and literally screeched at the top of her lungs, for as long as it took me to leave. All the neighbors were wondering what happened. Another time I was really angry at her since she decided to take a minuscule thing ( I told her I was coming back Tuesday morning after having been gone for a week, but then told her I was coming back Tuesday night instead) out of proportion, and just bombard me with negativity the day before a very important interview for an internship. I was so mad that I decided to break up ( I let my emotions and anxiety get in the way) and left that night to retrieve my things, which she had left outside for me. I took them and as I was leaving, she opened the door and spat at me. ( kinda funny not gonna lie, but very disrespectful ) She did this because she said I should have broken up with her in person. We were later good that same night. It would literally feel like walking on eggshells when I talk to her, for anything I say can set her off. For Christmas I got her a picture of both of us as an early present. She looked at the gift before Christmas, but I did not know. All I knew instead was that she was mad at me. She was mad that I got her a lousy gift. ( I am bad at gift shopping ) We had a huge fight over the phone on Christmas Eve, when my family was in town, and she screamed at me on the phone and told me a lot of nasty things. We made up for it later, and I decided to get her a kitten that she had sent me pics of two months ago as a surprise gift since she did not like the picture. I drove two hours to adopt it, drove two hours back, and made it a surprise. She loved it, was very happy, but she did not get me anything. I was secretly taken back at the time, but let it pass. At least she was happy. ( I found it a tad bit hypocritical, but whatever ) I would sleep at her house during school, and as an engineering student with early classes, I needed my sleep to function well. She was a late sleeper, and never respected my requests for turning off the lights early for example, but whatever. It was her house. One time, we went to a bar with her cousin and his girlfriend. We were having a good time, until the other couple were taken a pic together, and then we took one together. She then got very upset at the fact that I did not have many pics of us on social media. I do have some, and am very inactive on social media. I am not that type of person. She threw a tantrum in front of her cousin and his girlfriend, which was embarrassing. That day, I was already dealing with a potential divorce from my parents, and my mom called me, crying, after we got home from the bar. I had already told my gf earlier that day that that was happening, yet that night after halving talked to my mom, she just threw a tantrum about the whole social media thing in complete disregard with what I was going through.  When we would get in fights, she would have no restrain from calling me nasty curse words. I have said somethings I should not have said, and I am no angel. But I do try to restrain myself have very rarely called her the b word in front of her. She would frequently get in depressive moods and find a way to take it out on me. From my observations, she has no routine, little discipline, a bad sleep schedule ( she would get up at 2pm and get mad at me for leaving early to go study ), and a lack of control of her emotions. I do love her very much and I try my best to understand her, but sometimes I have to set my boundaries. I need my alone time, and time to hang out with my friends even if she gets upset. I need to wake up early in the morning every day to be successful, yet she gets upset at me for not sleeping at her place, even though she knows we have issues with our conflicting sleep schedules. She would aggressively, verbally lash out at me for asking her a simple question that she gets annoyed at, at which I ignore most of the times, although I do set my foot down when my tolerance level is reached. She of course has issues with her body image, constantly expressing her low self esteem ( I think she looks fine ), says shes going to work out cause it makes her feel better, works out two/three times a week and then stops. She loves the stimulus effect of sugar, even though I advise her against it since her parents are prone to type-two diabetes, and she takes great offense to it. She smokes pot, and I have no problem with marijuana, except that she does that more than once every single day, and has been doing that for years now. I know that has to have negative effects in the long run with the consistent usage, and on top of that she also has a vape pen which she uses every day. I get it, she is more prone to substance abuse due to the stimulus effects. She gets easily overwhelmed and when she does, she has a mental breakdown. Also, one last thing, I got her a one year anniversary gift because I knew it would make her happy, but she did not even bother getting one. ( Again, imo, pretty hypocritical, but I let it pass ) Now, it may seem like I am being too harsh, and I probably am, but I do LOVE her, and we also have GREAT times together. It is as if the good times are better than awesome, but the bad times are way worse than they should be. Both effects are amplified. I have tried to understand her, giving her space when she is being too emotional, and trying to be really patient, while listening to her, and trying to lift her up. I would advise her to get a therapist, but she would make the excuse that she does not have 50$ to spend every two weeks ( although she has a 30k car note, buys miscellaneous, unnecessary things all the time, and has horrible fiscal responsibility ). It would be a very touchy subject on which she would get offended.  I am sorry for the rant, I just have not expressed this to anyone for this whole time, but am looking for advise.  I guess as an engineering student, I try to solve problems too logically and straightforward, although I know it is not always like that. For example, I think to myself, she can easily feel better, and reduce anxiety by working out often every week ( killing two birds with one stone, considering she had said this has helped her a lot in the past ), but she has no discipline or motivation to keep on doing it. She could pay 50$ every two weeks to help her mental health, yet she prioritizes material goods and eating out over being mentally healthy. But I do know that is not how her mind works, and that everyone's mind is different. I feel like her refusal to get help is both negatively affecting her in a major way, and causing a huge amount of stress on my end. I love her, and I want things to work out, but she does not want to seek help, even if I offer to pay for half of the therapist appointments. She has great parents, but they grew up in the era were ADHD was not even a thing, so she did not get the help she needed as a kid. Any advice would be greatly appreciated, and thanks  very much for taking the time to read this,and excuse my rant.
f10cffe63f4b5c2709e1a151162165c64b83ad159ebcd192d64fd92cebdbbd2a;;;At what point is enough, enough?;;;I’ve been with my partner for almost five years now. When we met I immediately suspected ADHD. He’s insanely intelligent but dropped out of high school, university, could never apply himself along with other obvious traits. We went to a doctor who referred him to a psych who referred him to an ADHD clinic. The clinic, however, is very expensive so we’ve just been saving up for it in the meantime. He’s diagnosed but untreated at the moment.   I love him, and I want to support him as best I can but, as I’m sure you can all relate, living with someone with ADHD takes a toll on you.   There’s little things that just keep adding up after five years where I can’t take it anymore. And then I feel so guilty because I know it’s not his fault and he’s probably struggling with it more. How many times can I hear “I’m gonna do xyz tomorrow” when I know 10000% he will not. I want to snap and be like “We both know you won’t so don’t say tomorrow. Just say you’ll get to it” but I don’t want to be rude or discouraging but it’s so annoying being told day after day he’s going to do something when he won’t.   He’s been unemployed since December. He’s a hard worker but he’s not very good at finding jobs. I find I have to remind him almost daily to apply or else I just have to actually apply for him or he’ll sleep til five PM and then spend the rest of the day smoking weed or watching YouTube or playing Xbox. Now with this COVID finding a job is harder and I’m out of work so I’m really stressed financially and it’s hard not to snap at him when he sleeps until five and then doesn’t even help around the house. If I go to do the dishes it’s “I’m going to do those tonight, leave it” but then the next morning they’re still in the sink and repeat.   It’s not his fault and I know that but how much am I supposed to take before I’m allowed to snap? I feel as if I have a child not a partner. I have to ask him to pick up after himself and I have to wake him up when it’s four thirty in the afternoon and he’s still asleep. He goes to bed before me and sleeps hours in after me I don’t understand. Sorry if this feels whiny. I just have no where else to vent. If I tell any of my friends or family they’ll just call him lazy or a loser. No one understands ADHD.
095700cc4fd9707483fe462830b961115fca8ffbb7a98900fdd5bf63904acf91;;;I get anxiety in my relationship.;;;My partner and I are just entering adulthood. I never really had much of a plan for my adult life. I knew I wanted my own apartment and things like that, but there was never much planning beyond that. My world was flipped upside down when we got the sudden and shocking news that we were expecting a child in our lives. I haven't even kept a job for more than a month in a half and now I'm having to provide for another tiny human. After a patient sit down with my partner we decided that it wasn't the right time to bring a child into our lives, let alone twins. We decided to focus on at least getting an apartment together because at the moment we're still living with my parents. I'm madly in love with my partner. We have our rocky moments but this is literally the person I can see myself growing old with. After being with them for a year and a half I'm comfortable with them, you know? I'm just not always comfortable with their life decisions especially when they involve me. I feel that a lot of their decisions are "f\*ck it decision" irrational and risky af. I like making my decisions slowly and with tremendous amounts of thought. I want to move out of my family home but I get anxiety putting myself in that type of responsibility. Especially when I don't have full control in decisions. Anyways... I need advice. How do I take this leap? I hate being dependent on people because there's always that "what if....".
4e4cb02a0db8a291a56592bc2dbd9de13ad61c8747c9d9e1f50b02d00c0400fb;;;My relationship has become the major stressor in my life.;;;I lurked for a good while before posting. I feel at a loss with my relationship. I (27F) have been with my partner (30M) for almost six years. He was recently diagnosed, and started taking medication last month.  Our courtship (22F/25M) was very quick, and within a few weeks, he started living with me. He was generous, supportive, smart, sexual, and adventurous. He was exciting, fun to talk to, and mysterious. He was incredibly intelligent. But there were also red flags -  he was defensive, quick to anger, quick to yell, highly sensitive, and seemed to have a wandering eye. He wasn’t comfortable communicating with me, had dropped out of college, and was unemployed. He was always on his phone. At first, I was shocked by some of his behaviors: I felt like he wasn’t the right long-term partner, but wasn’t too worried about that - he was exciting, I was having fun, and I would break up with him when I needed to. I didn’t realize how quickly the turbulence would become normalized.  After our first year together, I confronted my partner about his emotionally abusive behavior. He grudgingly acknowledged this and made some changes, but the conversations were like pulling teeth. He was still unemployed, depressed, “in his own world.” His parent was (and is) providing for him. He was very difficult to talk to - super sensitive, super defensive. Over the next few years, I discovered new behaviors: compulsive cheating and lying. He was on dating websites, texting “matches”, flirting. I pushed for couple’s counseling, which he attended with me for several months.  Things were going well, until I learned about an account of even more egregious cheating from his friends (that he had never disclosed to me). I was devastated, but he seemed extremely remorseful, so I encouraged him to go to individual counseling. We continued to attend couple’s counseling. I helped him seek mental health treatment (antidepressants).  This year, right before covid-19 hit, I found out that he had been lying to me about his whereabouts. I discovered that for a few weeks, while I was working my evening service industry job and he claimed to be working on his career, he was out drinking and partying with strangers at clubs/at their apartments. He almost got a DUI. He was back on dating websites. It devastated me. Again, he showed remorse.  This time, I was ready to break up. I began focusing on myself and detaching myself from the relationship (while quarantining with him). He began attending therapy even more frequently. For some reason, I came across information about ADHD, and encouraged him to take a look. He was quickly diagnosed. He is working with an ADHD specialist, and has a psychiatrist.  I don’t know what to do. I feel like after everything I’ve endured with his untreated ADHD, I should give this a chance and see if he can be the person he seems to be underneath it all: funny, supportive, generous, committed, caring. But I’m so exhausted. He’s still defensive, obsessed with his phone, avoidant, and unemployed. I can’t help but think of all the hurt he has caused me and, honestly, continues to cause me. I can’t understand why he can talk to his therapist respectfully for hours, but my most respectful expression of feelings elicits anger. He is impossible to talk to. I feel alone.  I feel paranoid, anxious, depressed. I don't feel like myself. I’m waiting for the other shoe to drop. When will he be able to bring in income? Will he cheat again? When? Will we ever have sex again? How long do I need to wait? Even when things are going well in my life, my relationship has a way of bringing me down. I love my partner and I want the best for him, but I don't feel happy. The only time he truly seems to listen is when I'm so worn down and exhausted, that I'm speaking through tears. And then we have the same conversation the next week. I'm so tired of crying - I have never cried as much in any other relationship. We have a life together, but I'm so tired.   Just posting this to hear that, hopefully, I’m not alone in my experience.
b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;I’m just not going to bring up the things that bother me anymore. (Vent);;;I learned from this sub what RSD is. My diagnosed husband used to be fairly good at accepting criticism, and I thought I was very lucky he didn’t have that trait. Well, ever since he started his meds a few months ago, he’s developed pretty extreme RSD. We used to be fairly good at talking about the things that upset us. I would calmly approach the matter, and he would listen and apologize if necessary and we would make appropriate changes to the matter. Now it’s a battlefield.   I still calmly approach things. He gets angry and shuts down. Then after a little while, the explosion happens. He goes on and on about how I’m constantly bringing up his flaws 24/7, how we fight constantly, how he can’t do anything right, how he feels like such a failure. First of all, we don’t fight all the time and I don’t constantly bring up his flaws. Second, I never call him a failure, and between small criticisms I praise him for how hard I can see that he’s trying, even if he’s not. It can be as simple as him forgetting to do dishes on his night, and I can say “Hey, just reminding you that you didn’t do the dishes on your night last night, so I would appreciate if you did them tonight!” And the battle begins. Or if we watch a movie he really enjoys and he asks me if I liked it and want to watch the rest of the movies in the series, and I say “I can see why you enjoy it but personally I just don’t think this series is for me!” Suddenly he’s not allowed to like anything and I’m tearing him down and calling the things he enjoys stupid.   So I’m done. I’ll just bottle everything up inside and never bring anything even slightly negative up again. He can sit on his video games from the time he gets up to the time he goes to sleep, never do any housework, be late to work everyday, and blow all of our money. That’s just the way it has to be from now on. Starting medicine has honestly made him 10x worse but I’m the only one who sees that. He thinks it’s been a godsend.
d690237695b113002ec12ae0beaeb938813196375c07f28a4ffbf8ea61216807;;;Back to school;;;NDX (trying to get a diagnosis?)  I have never posted here before, I’m having a lot of trouble lately supporting my husband with his back to school endeavors. He was in the military for 4 years when we met and had been attempting for the last 6 years to get a degree with his GI bill. He has been in a few different programs online and briefly worked as an EMT after going to school (in classroom) for his basic and advanced EMT license. He decided after working for a while that it wasn’t for him and never finished the Paramedic program. During all the time we have had our son and he really wants to start a career in IT and be able to work and support his family.   I know this is all long winded but I am looking for advice on how I can support him, maybe help keep him accountable for his school work? He has been in the program 6 months now, it’s an online self-paced study program, and has only finished one class. His original goal was to be completely finished in one year. I have been working OT at work for the majority of that time to help make ends meet and help to pay off both of our credit cards which racked up over the summer and Christmas. I am becoming mentally and sometimes physically exhausted with this process. I’m losing precious time with my son and am starting to become bitter that he gets to stay home and “go to school” while I feel like I’m shouldering the majority of the sacrifices for our family. I try to talk to him about how this all affects me and he gets very defensive. He knows he needs to do better, he just doesn’t. Talking might make things better for a day but then he falls back into the same habit of playing video games or just napping or watching tv during the day instead of focusing on school. I’ve tried many approaches and none have seemed to work. I was in therapy myself but really can’t afford it so I stopped. I’m just down and depressed and feel stuck with no real help. I hate the way things are right now but I can’t do this for him. Is anyone in the same boat? Any words of wisdom or advice? I love him, I want him to succeed but at what cost? My feelings and well-being seem lost in all of this and I can’t tell if I’m being selfish or not.
d404762c51ac55b3a4579768af6fe1e73bb740c0dc4055304bf418ef3f3f7857;;;Hey guys I’m a 22M and I’m currently dating a 23F with ADHD;;;We’ve been dating since April and we are such a great match and I love her to bits but in the last 3 months when she has her emotional outbursts she turns to calling me names and gets real mean sometimes,  screams the house down even when I’m in bed because something was an inconvenience for her, I have been really patient and understanding as much as possible but I feel drained and I keep telling myself it’s just her ADHD, and she says the same. she says she can’t help it and that’s that... end of story. I want to keep trying but I can’t take anymore of the jealousy, the anger and the threats of breaking up, or not committing to plans because of small things. I know it’s not small things to her.. but I don’t take kindly to name calling or shouting as I’m a very chill dude in that sense, and being victim to emotionally abusive relationships it almost  gives me ptsd when she starts shouting out of nowhere and calling me names. I’ve tried to tell her that these outbursts are effecting my mental health to the point I’ve been in tears as stupid as it sounds I get scared. She’s not a horrible person she’s got a lot of love and she’s honestly a hit with my family everyone loves her! But honestly I’m struggling and feel like I’m loosing a constant battle. I try to keep her positive even at the hardest times but she’s so close minded and doesn’t see the big picture and how it’s effecting me. I know I’m not perfect and I’m sure sometimes I could be more understanding of her but she doesn’t talk to me about the issue she will just be balls to the walls pissed off over something and there’s nothing I can say or do to help, she just gets worse when I do and makes everything my fault. Days later she won’t apologise and just rant about her issues like nothing even happened ☹️
b74aa5bd7c2e270975c772a33094d5d7bc380b17823e09f5660b2cecace934cd;;;Is it really that bad?;;;I (27F) was diagnosed very young (7) with having ADHD. It has been something I struggle with every single day. However, after medication, therapy, and learning as much as I could about ADHD, I manage it pretty well. When I read other posts here it it’s usually a Nurotypical female partner describing how difficult it is to be with a male ADHD partner. When I read some of them I am appalled at alot of the behavior that men are blaming on their ADHD. Things that I know I would never do. I feel they are using ADHD as an excuse to be lazy partners. So I have to ask, is being in a relationship w/ a person who has ADHD really THAT bad? Are there no redeeming qualities? My boyfriend and I have been together 7 months now and the thought of him feeling the way ANY of the other people on this sub feel, is terrifying. Please tell me it’s all just yall picking asshole partners and not because I’m just a difficult person to be with....  Edit: a word.
3230076dbc1ce64b03aa21c978251971c87d6a8697a339f62b043f926f0053cc;;;Letting dogs out for the bathroom;;;My husband (diagnosed, medicated) and I live in a pretty sketchy area and have multiple dogs. I don't feel the most comfortable taking them out to use the bathroom at night as we don't have our own private yard, just a front yard. He knows this so he has taken the responsibility of taking them out for the last time before bedtime. Problem is that he goes to bed after me, and I wake up in the middle of the night to realize he has not taken out the dogs (I'm a light sleeper and would be woken up if he did). This results in me either having to wake him up multiple times from his stupor, which causes an angry reaction, only to either have him pass out again or I end up having to take the dogs out myself. So I end up having to take the dogs out at a time thats even more uncomfortable for me (it's 1:30am right now). He refuses to take them out earlier, it's always "I'll take them out before I go to bed" or "when I finish this game" (on his xbox). He's aware of this pattern and still isn't doing anything about it.   If I just try to take them out myself it makes him angry, so I end up taking them out after I realize he's fast asleep again, after trying multiple times to get him up. It disrupts my sleep since I feel anxious about the dogs needing to go out, it's not okay for them to hold their bladder/bowels that long.  Any advice or insight?
01c9f7cdc66e2d4e2856861285ee7eedff550e1392fa798208559e196364ad28;;;ADHD husband gives different answers to same question?;;;Hi all,  Have just gotten my Husband to join up as I think the support from others may help him as he gets very frustrated with himself and it's hard to watch.   He was only diagnosed at 41 at the beginning of this year and we're just learning about him and I want him to know that he's not alone in his thought process etc.  Sometimes if you ask him a question or about a memory he'll give you a different answer to what he originally gave say 6 months before.  It doesn't happen all the time but sometimes.  Sometimes he'll remember the information but then sometimes he won't remember the information to the same question so he'll either say he doesn't remember at that moment or try to find the answer and it might be different.  Before he was diagnosed it used to cause issues. Since his diagnosis he seems to get more frustrated with himself.  I just want some advice from others and reassurance in a way if the above happens with you partners too?
ca5185ba1c523051a41adae16733f31f8c65739e93e77975e4a424308e9bff1d;;;Diagnosed Partner’s Ability to Provide Support in Times of Hardship;;;My (29F) husband (diagnosed and medicated 29M) is having a really hard time effectively providing support to me in times of hardship. I had a really difficult counseling session yesterday where my therapist suggested that I begin taking medication for the anxiety and depression that she is noticing that I have developed as a result of being a chaotic relationship for the past 6 years.   I felt absolutely spent after my therapy session and my husband noticed and asked me what was wrong. I told him that my therapist is recommending medication at this point and I expressed that I was feeling very upset about this because this relationship is now having such serious consequences on my mental health that I require medication. I have been warning my husband for years that I would eventually reach this point if nothing in our relationship changed.  This is after years of me providing accommodations for his disability and trying to help him find effective strategies for managing his ADHD. He now has a therapist with a background in ADHD, as well as a psychiatrist, but we still have issues with his ability to remember to stay dedicated to the improvement of our relationship.   He ran out to pick up food for us after this conversation and when he returned he was visibly distraught and run-down looking. He told me that he wouldn’t be able to watch a show with me and he pulled out his laptop and put on an episode of his anime show. I perceived this as his using a negative coping mechanism to receive a dopamine boost while also escaping the issue. I became overwhelmed with emotion and started crying. I think it hit me in that moment that I do not have a partner who I can share my feelings with, without there being a serious guilt response in which he ends up taking up all of the room. His RSD just cannot handle anything that he perceives as criticism.   Every single time I initiate a discussion about the imbalance in our relationship, he brings up that his needs aren’t being met and I explain to him that the root of these issues is his ADHD and that a lot his needs not being met has everything to do with the fact that I don’t have the desire to be intimate with someone who doesn’t keep up with their hygiene, and behaves in the way that child or surly teenager would. I firmly believe that if he was able to better manage his ADHD, that any issues around intimacy would be resolved.   My husband also has some serious trauma and neglect from from his childhood. He also grew up in hoarded house. His therapist describes the aforementioned as a “double whammy” when combined with his ADHD. We’ve recently been searching for a couple’s therapist who specializes in ADHD, but we haven’t yet found one.   I guess my question is, is it unreasonable of me to ask that my husband work on reaching a place where he can serve as an emotional support to me without it turning into a severe depressive episode for him? He just keeps saying that he is tired today, and I find myself feeling exhausted with the pattern of almost feeling sorry for even bringing anything up to him.
0cd55289e5c0ccc89d00a6255d48df68b2daacc9cef8ba1c9b41d86d6a8ca465;;;I am realizing that the ADHD my partner has is seriously damaging my own mental health because of the relationship strain. How do I get through this?;;;I'm tired. I'm tired of the tables being turned on me, the arguments, things not getting done unless they're important to him, the uncertainty of whether he'll be interested in an hour, the shutting me out, the emotional roller coaster...I'm just tired.   He won't go to therapy or get help because of his family's negative views of it. He has said that when we move out (which he has made no effort to help me with, despite the fact I've been asking for help since January and my lease is up in July) he'll go. I don't know whether to count on that.   He had a bad experience with ADHD medicine a few years back and doesn't want to try it again. I get that, but I feel like he should at least be going somewhere to get help other than medicine. I get help for my depression because I know I can be a wrecking ball if I don't have weekly therapy and I want better for him AND myself.   I have been having such a hard mental day. He called to check on me, then said that he doesn't understand why I'm having a hard day and am so stressed, then said nothing seems to be getting better. Naturally, that just stressed me out more.   He told me he'd apply for jobs today to ease the stress of trying to apply to apartments. He didn't. He hasn't helped me look anywhere, even though he said he would. My renewal date for my current place has passed because he told me, "Don't renew, I want to live with you. We'll figure it out by then." He always asks what he can do, I tell him exactly what would help me (ex. applying for jobs so he can at least be taking interviews in June), and he doesn't do it and asks why I'm so upset and says it doesn't make sense.   I'm tired of shouldering the weight. I'm about to just let it all fall down and crash. I love him so, so much...how do I get through this? Can I get through this?
d5522a36c80fe83d12f3130d567ca2a9e75c002c2cb65d9f00872d029f2b9b77;;;I suspect my partner has ADHD;;;Hi everyone  I’m hoping to get some advice. My partner and I have had issues in the past around responsibilities/organisation. I often end up feeling as though I have to organise everything for us which has regularly caused arguments. My partner will do his share of the housework, but he constantly has to be reminded to actually do it, if I get frustrated with him I feel like he implied it’s my fault for not specifically telling him, for example, the bins and recycling are his responsibility and he knows this, but he’ll happily just leave bin bags overflowing in the corner or the recycling stacking up everywhere and it doesn’t seem to occur to him to actually take them outside unless I prompt him. This is also the case with the pets, it seems to always default to my responsibility to feed/clean out the fish even though he was the one that brought them (on impulse, without really researching fish, resulting in me having to spend a lot of money to actually buy things like heaters and proper food and medicine etc).  In general, he doesn’t really like cooking and seems to struggle following instructions on the pack, a lot of the time he’ll sortof just wing it instead of actually looking at the temperatures etc, or he’ll have to come and ask me what to do. Due to this I do most of the cooking unless it’s something really easy.  When we first met, he was terrible with budgeting and would frequently be unable to pay rent as he’d spend his pay check pretty much straight away, I don’t blame him for that (I’ve been there too in my younger days) and we’ve got measures in place to manage this now, but essentially I have to organise budgeting for him. When we first met I also noticed that he never seemed to really eat properly, he never had any food in the house and I assume he just lived off of cereal. It just doesn’t seem to occur to him to forward plan? We now live together and he often comments that his life is so much better now, but on my part I feel quite drained as I’m having to overcompensate by being so hyper-organised in order to head these things off. He’ll also forget really important things like his work keys or wallet etc on a regular basis. He’s a really lovely person and I do adore him, but it seems that if I ask him to do something, I have to give him really clear and specific instructions to avoid anything going wrong.   Today he was booking tickets to take us to the zoo and this involved booking train tickets. He said he’d sort it out, and when he reported back to me that he’d brought them I asked about the return journey. His face went kindof blank and he just said ‘I didn’t think about the return journey.’ I asked him to email the confirmation to me so I could sort it out and he’d also booked the tickets to the wrong station, but I know he knew which station was the right one as he’d said the correct name before he went to book them. I think he was just rushing about and didn’t really check properly? It was after this that it sortof started to click together in my head that this is possibly adhd? Please could I have some advice as to whether this seems likely?   Also, please don’t judge my partner for the above. He is the kindest person I’ve ever met, and I know he’s trying his best, he just seems to be sortof... absent minded about a lot of things
e3bba53a6c7b2995ba99a84811e86a2d0f2817e0b6d0e7a055e44c53aa74b786;;;How can I support my ADHD partner with his career progression?;;;Hi guys. My (25f) husband (DX, 28m) has struggled with holding jobs down long-term for most of his adult life. He ended up getting a masters in the field he wants to work in, which was an amazing achievement. He’s not accessing any form of treatment right now due to long waiting lists for adult ADHD services.   He graduated a year ago now and has since defaulted back to working in the same poorly paid jobs that he’s always hated. It’s making him so unhappy and it breaks my heart. Working a job you hate is horrible for anyone, let alone someone with ADHD.   He’s been applying for a few jobs here and there  with varying success, but I know he needs to really focus on some good quality applications to get to where he wants to be. He just seems unable to focus his attention on that, and will instead spend evenings reading around his field and coming up with crazy schemes to make money/save time and never seems to follow anything through, including actual projects related to his field.   How can I support him to take a more focused approach to his job hunt? I’m finding myself getting frustrated and being hard on him which I feel so guilty for. It’s burning a hole in our relationship. Sadly we don’t have enough money for him to give up work to focus on applications.     TL;DR - DX partner needs support with focusing on job search, don’t know how to support him as I’m getting frustrated. Can anyone relate/suggest strategies?
ead51e95bc3c6e0941d8a19a624cf79a4dd8f35664941b160d0272ae135818b7;;;Quick Question: Do you find that your partners are very blunt?;;;I've been with my boyfriend a few months now and he is incredible. He's very open about his ADHD (DX and medicated), how he's feeling etc. I've done loads of research about it since we've been together, as I want to be as supportive as possible and his ADHD is a part of what makes him, him. It's been a steep learning curve in some respects; I've adapted when he gets hyperfocussed on things. It's weird trying to not let it get to me when he ignores me for hours at a time because he's hyperfocussed, but I've learnt to do my own stuff during that time. Sometimes he gets easily distracted on the phone and I'll either go with the flow or bring him back to the conversation. He's also the most creative, interesting, insightful and kind hearted person I have ever met. He boggles my mind and I love it.  However, one thing that I'm struggling to get used to... he's SUPER blunt. I knew this about him when we first got together, but he just doesn't sugarcoat things and it can be jarring sometimes. I love his frank and honest nature, but I wish he was a little softer with certain things. I've spoken to him about it before and he has tried, but sometimes he still does it.  I'm just wondering if anyone has any advice on getting used to the bluntness? Which sounds silly now that I type it, but sometimes my feelings get hurt, right before I realise he's just being blunt, not rude.
14a0ddef55acbc045fad3f510aa923f3a5b6852f22f2a3e816715209256a3157;;;Update: "Don't want to give an ultimatum but can't marry him like this" - ADHD &amp; Denial mean he has stalled with diagnosis and treatment.;;;**Background** [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/jn8d12/dont_want_to_give_an_ultimatum_but_cant_marry_him/). I took a lot of the advice given in this post so thank you so much to everyone that replied. I also sent him some of the resources, and "How To ADHD" is awesome. I also got myself some resources and will be starting therapy for my own codependency soon.      **TLDR**: Basically the title. Boyfriend's denial and adhd seems to be stopping him from looking into adhd. Thinking of walking away and it's heartbeaking.   My ( F31) boyfriend (M35) was exploring whether he has ADHD and accepted that the probability was very high. I believe he has now hit a denial wall and has stopped looking into it - instead focusing all his attention on projects that I can see he is really struggling to organise. We just had a conversation where I had to tell him that he hasn't paid his rent in a very long time, and has trouble supporting and seeing his son. I didn't want to paint the bleak picture of his life to him. But I feel he is trying to hide from how much he is struggling to adult right now. Things are bad :( and I know he feels ashamed, and I really try to focus on encouraging him with everything he tries to do instead of looking at what doesn't work (because everyone has things that don't work out in life). However I see him making the same mistakes as before with projects - not planning, not costing properly, not thinking about in between steps (just focusing on the end vision), vastly underestimating timelines, not being able to sit down and produce key documents easily, but finding it really easy and energising to talk about things instead.   I have realised that he has not really investigated ADHD seriously since we have talked - he has watched some videos and read some articles, but doesn't want to take the next step. When I asked him what he felt was holding him back, whether maybe ADHD itself was making it difficult to do so, he started talking about how he just wasn't sure, and how it's difficult for him to accept that something like this could be why his life is the way it is, and maybe it's just that he hasn't been doing things right - "and what happens if I don't have ADHD - do I have to start looking for another reason that things don't go well? And we're not 100% so what if I don't have it, and maybe there are other reasons for why things are like this" etc etc. I know this denial may be a phase of grief, but he seems pretty set on this. I feel like he may need to reach a 'rock bottom'. Is that rock bottom me leaving?    I'm now at the point where I feel like I have to just step away from a relationship with someone I love very much. If nothing changed but he was at least willing to face it, and we could work out how to make everyday life better whilst taking adhd into account, then it would be ok. But he won't... it's hard to watch him resist helping himself, and it's hard to try to heal my own codependency in this situation. I feel like an impatient assh\*le.
7d68709600208579c640d41e1498d4d7f9561bb0d94e3d5e045788a6fa236123;;;Adjusting to life with spouse on ADHD meds for the first time.;;;My husband finally found an great doctor who got him on medication after so much headache. He takes it right when I leave for work in the morning, he works from home, and it wears off around 7 or 8 at night. He's discovering that it's making him more organized and he has clear thoughts now so he's able to get through his work in a much better way. That's great because that's what the medication is for, but when it wears off at night he hits the wall.   Friday night we went out for a nice dinner and evening out but halfway through dinner, he said he could feel the medication wearing off and suddenly he got very distracted and felt like he was crashing. We finished our food and just went home, which was disappointing. He said he's felt like this every night that he's taken the drugs, when they wear off it sets him back a few paces.   I'm hoping this is an adjustment time and it won't be like this forever, but between him being a little speedy and kind of annoying if I'm honest, and being successful with his job, I feel like I should probably just shut up and let it all play out.  How did it go for you when your spouse started on meds?
1d58e725ab930106cb522fee0f2150ea9efa1c724b8f28b719a9fac5f9b1149c;;;ADHD / OCD Relationships;;;After a long, exhausting bout of teleconferenced therapy sessions, I (26F, Medicated for GAD) have been diagnosed with OCD. I'm still learning what that means to me, so much of it was just my normal until someone told me it wasn't.   My partner (25F DX Medicated) is a bit of a disaster. Unemployed with no desire to change that. All she does is play video games. No schedule for sleep, food, meds. A glimpse into the life: we have divided our bedroom into "sides" so I can keep mine tidy and "just not look" at the mess on the other side. (Yeah, she got the closet - I get the drawers under the bed. An award for being tidy enough to keep my things in two drawers?)   I'm a go-getter. I'm on top of things, usually three steps ahead of them. I like to have every moment of my day neatly arranged and balanced correctly. I think that's why my relationship worked so well in the past. But lately the nonsense is piling up, and I have too much to juggle, and I'm dropping balls, and everything my partner does sets me off. I find myself resenting her, like, why do I have to bend over backwards memorizing every detail of her month and picking up after her if she can't even respect some of my major triggers? She leaves food to rot on "her side" of the bedroom and I spend a week in a spiral of being massively triggered but simultaneously in a guilt spiral for finding it / wrestling with whether or not I'm just going to clean it up myself.  TLDR Has anyone been in an OCD/ADHD relationship before, or have any tips?
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;I guess this is a little vent/ I’m not even sure what this is...;;;(Pretty long, sorry for the formats of this post)   So I’m in a long distance relationship, we have been together just over a year now and we have had our ups and downs just like everyone else.  Last month I had the worse month ever because of my mental state and my boyfriends ADHD all piled up it to arguments and breakdowns.   I developed depression and anxiety thinking about the future, the past, if he truly loves me, what’s he doing, when will I find a good job, all my friends live so far away, I’m so Isolated, just all these bad negative thoughts that I was overthinking about it just ruined me, I had gotten so use to negative ways of thinking it became a habit.     So the start of this month I had a realisation and started to take steps to help my self. I started meditating, shutting the negative thoughts out, praying (I am religious) also going to the gym. And it all really did help me it’s just maintaining and keeping it all up that can get a little hard because once I started to feel good I kinda stopped and then I started thinking negatively again.  Well it is a bad habit so just like any other bad habit I’m going to have to keep on at it until it’s sticks in my head like a mind set.   So it’s been a couple weeks now Iv been doing so much better I feel it in my self how I’m more positive and happy not stressed out at all. But now I’ve realised something.  My boyfriends adhd, Before id blame my self for argument because I was the one always acting crazy popping off at him and because I was already unstable I would really think that it was just me until now.   So I started to do some research on adhd and medication and about relationships. And I’m not going to lie over 2 weeks we have had little bickering arguments and they all start with me just asking the simplest of questions then he will always gets on the defence and then it turns into a huge argument start swearing and raising his voice.   So now that he has seen such a huge difference in how I am he called me one morning and told me he’s sorry for the way he’s been acting he doesn’t like shouting, he then proceeded to say “what’s wrong with me I push every one I love away, I yell at my mom and my brother and I don’t like it, I need help I’m going to start to better my self”.  I was so happy to hear him say that because our love for each other is so strong, we don’t want to lose each other but we are taking our problems out on each other.   So anyway the same day I spoke to him about taking medication but he refused he said he hated it so much it made him feel like a robot. I can’t force him but I also couldn’t recommend anything else because I wasn’t sure what other help he could get.  Then I stumbled up on a article and there was more than one that said the same thing. Basically saying if you have adhd and you don’t take medication the relationship WILL NOT WORK. So now I’m so worried and it’s got me overthinking again but just about this subject of is this going to work.   I’m just so scared I’m going to lose him I keep thinking what if he loses interest just, what if this, that and the other I’m getting extremely scared and sad the more I read. He said he’s going to better him self but he won’t take medication so what else could he do. ? If he proceeds to stay like this I can see my self wearing down eventually and having my heart broken because I still love him extremely and I don’t want to lose him.  So now realistically if he doesn’t get help I can’t stay in a relationship with him because it wouldn’t be fair to both of us to continue arguing and hurting.  Nothing will change because our brains are wired differently, I have helped my issues but now he needs to take control and sort his issues out because we will get no where.  I know it takes time and it may take longer for him because of his adhd and he’s a procrastinator but I’m willing to wait because I don’t want it to end I love him so much he is honestly the kindest, loving, romantic , funniest, spontaneous person I have ever met I have never met anyone like him so I don’t want to lose him.  I could sit here for hours explaining the way he makes me feel, I’m sure you get the gist.   ☹️😢😭
d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;Your experience with ADHD, is not everyone else's experience with ADHD.;;;Please bear this in mind when responding to people.   I've viewed some pretty toxic comments toward people with ADHD, and it's both unhelpful and not very thoughtful.  Everyone deserves some compassion, there is always something left out of a story, it is not our place to judge people we do not know, rather, if we are able we should be encouraging education to further the understanding of anyone going through a particularly tough time. It's also not for us to judge if that time is actually tough or not.   We are not here to compare, we are here to help.  Please be kind.  Thank you everyone.
8c9dc48b6777d09b3010eddb084f004f55ea7e6489bb8a4db048ed9545051229;;;Boyfriends ADHD is clashing w my anxiety.;;; We’re both 27 and have been dating about a year. I feel like my boyfriend has pent up energy from quarantine and it's driving me up the wall. Or his ADHD is acting up and he isn't taking his medicine not sure which. We recently moved in together so that's an obvious stress factor, along with being with each other 24/7. I've tried to bring stuff up as it happens but I feel like he's not understanding that I feel overwhelmed. Some stuff that's happened lately:  * Too much energy / aggressive with stuff - he's super rough with stuff for no reason. He pulled our blinds in our new apartment off the wall and broke them. He pushed boxes around into my mirror and almost broke it. He will just throw things around without thinking about it. He isn't aggressive towards me, and I don't think he would be. It's just kind of mindless and frustrating, like he doesn't value our stuff. He also randomly shouts things when he’s excited and stomps around. He drives pretty recklessly and I have to remind him to wear a seatbelt. This has eased up quite a bit since I’ve been reminding him.   * Carelessness - Left a burner on and left a pot top on it. He burnt his hand really bad taking it off, ruined the pot, and melted the handles off our new stovetop. Not a huge deal in retrospect and I know it was an accident but we JUST moved here and we rent. He leaves burners / the oven on often and I have to check and make sure he turned stuff off. Yesterday he was picking at threads on the side of our placemats and now they're all fucked up looking. We've had them for 2 days! Stuff like this is driving me crazy.  * Acting like things are a joke - He found out that I didn't know something that he deemed as common sense. He kept asking if I was trolling / joking with him and I started getting angry because it seemed like he was mocking me. I eventually googled it and it turned out it ISNT common sense because he was wrong about it. I told him it was wrong and I was upset he laughed at me and he didn't apologize and tried to just move onto another topic and I told him I was upset that he wouldn't apologize so he did, but he had to be prompted to.   * asking hypothetical questions: everyday he asks me at least 2 hypothetical questions. Ridiculous ones and sometimes they’re funny but usually not. “What if I dumped that hand sanitizer into my salad?” “What if we order takeout (after just ordering takeout for our last meal)? “Would you still like me if I got a mullet?” Questions like that often. I try to just laugh it off but it gets annoying.   I just feel like I'm getting more and more annoyed by these behaviors and I've tried to talk to him but I don't know that I’m getting through. I think some of it might be heightened by his ADHD and my anxiety, on top of quarantine. I know none of these are super horrible things but collectively it feels annoying to deal with stuff like this every day. His energy level is like always at a 10. I just want him to chill out. When he’s calm, everything is wonderful.   I sat down and talked to him and he doesn’t want to go back on meds, said they make him feel less human. He said he can try and form better mental habits but now I feel like the burden is on me because I have to tell him what behaviors he’s doing constantly because he doesn’t find them problematic. I’m not on meds for my anxiety (because I typically have it under bay and I didn’t function well on the 3 I tried) so it would be hypocritical of me to tell him he should take meds. Not sure what to do.
e960d102b07becdaaee53fbba91326b8d25b4004576cdfb1bbd0550227991fa4;;;Diagnosis changing the terms of the relationship;;;I don't even know if I'm looking for advice or just venting. The past week has been just absolute hell in my household. My fiance was diagnosed about a year ago and is currently medicated (we dated for 5 years and have been engaged for an additional 4, which has not been my preference at all) and it seems the the entirety of the relationship has come to a head. He has a strong inattentive subtype, and the majority of our interpersonal issues are related to his inattentiveness in the relationship. We have a 6 year old and my finace is a wonderful parent, truly. He can work well and generally manages his day to day activities, but is completely wiped out from doing those activities that there is no more mental room left for me in his day. I guess where I'm driving at is last night he said he doesn't know if he'll ever be in a place where he can be a reliable husband or save for a house etc. I can appreciate him being realistic about his capabilities, but I can't help but take it as a big middle finger to all the time, resources, and energy I have poured into the relationship thinking that we were working towards the same things. It feels like since he has gotten his diagnosis, he feels comfortable in limiting having new learn to strategies to achieve things that are important to me. Maybe that's the core issue.... maybe being married and having a house and having kids just inst as important to him. I just feel like I've wasted nearly a decade with someone who changed the terms of our relationship after his diagnosis. Maybe its a blessing that we won't get married, but man, does it hurt.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Noticed something on the ADHD sub;;;Almost none of them talk about relationship problems. Isn't that depressing? I don't know if they just don't care about the problems in their relationship associated with ADHD, or what, but it's very telling to me. It explains why so many of us hear them blame shift when we try to address something. It's honestly not on their radar as a thing that their ADHD is wreaking havoc on relationships. Has anyone else noticed this?
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;Do the emotional parts of ADHD get better?;;;I’m sorry if this is a dumb question, but I’ve been my ADHD SO (diagnosed and medicated) for a few years. It’s my first serious relationship and I feel very overwhelmed.  He clearly cares about me a lot, and has put in 100% effort into getting better about chores and cleaning up after himself. He’s made incredible improvements since we first started dating and I literally couldn’t see the floor of his bedroom. We live together now and I’ve put a lot of effort into learning about ADHD, lowering my standards and being patient while we learn to live with each other.   However, I’m starting to wonder if I can’t do this anymore. He can be very immature and it makes sad, frustrated and less attracted to him when I end up being the adult. I feel so lonely because he just talks at me about nonsense and it’s hard to talk to him without him cutting me off or disengaging. He says really hurtful things to me about the “basic” things that I enjoy doing when decides to join my friends and at and then immediately gets bored. After he does his fair share of chores he acts like he just ran a marathon and becomes a complete spoiled brat about how hard he just worked.   He improved a lot on the doing-things problems that we’ve faced (like cleaning). Can he also improve on the emotional things like paying attention when I say things to him or being less of a pouty brat when he doesn’t get his way?   I thought that learning more about ADHD would help strengthen our relationship but it’s had the opposite effect. I feel so depressed and hopeless that I’ll be lonely and essentially his parent for as long as I stay with him.   Any advice, perspective or stories?   Thanks x
b044188e9d0174ed34e89edeb0f2b41ddc5a2ab3558108d6008e650399ea1d1f;;;What should I do if my partner (DX) is trying to push me away? Is this ADHD related?;;;Hi all, I feel kinda bad posting this, like I'm going behind my partner's back for advice, but I need to know if this is something common, something we can work through, something I should be worried about, etc? (Also sorry if this isn't ADHD related enough, my partner follows r/relationship_advice)  Recently, over the past 3 months overall, and the past 2-3 more frequently, my partner has been saying I should leave them. They cite all of their chronic health issues, their struggles with getting an ADHD diagnosis, general relationship issues, almost anything they can make an argument for, to say that I'm too good for them. My response is always the same (that I love them, their issues are no more than small hiccups, and that I would want someone else because I fucking don't) but after I respond it seems to make them just more upset or sad and usually ends with awkward silence or tears.   They insist they still love me and don't want me to leave, but they seem very intent to push me away? Is this a common ADHD thing that ties into the emotional instability? Have any of you encountered this or overcome this with your ADHD partner? Is this a sign of something else that I'm missing? Thank you for any advice.
0d5d111cb4afab79ddc2a5f149ec5a0c33777dc3613687c8957c59927635f1a1;;;I need some advice: ADHD partner &amp; alcohol abuse;;;Hey everyone, I'm not really sure how or where to begin but my partner is an alcoholic. He was diagnosed with Adhd in his early twenties and is on medication for it. We have both had a very tough year (nothing to do with our relationship but other things impacting us) and he is now a full blown alcoholic. He would generally drink beforehand everyday, maybe 3 or 4 drinks. But now it's like 15 everyday (if not more!!).   My savings are gone. But I'm too afraid to cut him off because I have seen what he's like without it. The shakes, vomiting etc. I just want to get the ball rolling for his recovery but I have no idea how. He went and saw his doctor and he recommended rehab for which my partner immediately shot down but has since opened up to the idea. I don't want to watch him kill himself and I'm so afraid to lose him.   He feels sick all the time and I'm convinced it's the alcohol. How do you go about this? Does he go back to his doctor and get a referral? I'm sure you guys know how hard it is to even get them to the doctor. I'm so stressed I feel like I'm going to pull my hair out! We tried getting him to cut down by limiting his drinks, obviously didn't work. If you've been in a similar situation before, please give me some advice on what to do. I would really, really appreciate it. Thank you so much for listening to me.
7d68709600208579c640d41e1498d4d7f9561bb0d94e3d5e045788a6fa236123;;;Antidepressant before ADHD meds?;;;My husband was just diagnosed with depression and anxiety, and the doctors put him on Lexipro. Apparently it's a law in our state that they rule out depression and anxiety before giving medication for ADHD due to the potential for ADHD med abuse.   Has anyone else experienced this or have any insight? I don't know anything about that drug.
37c1463efb316588304a6c70786ba83a365c503c9013779df4a53b314c80baae;;;Sex and distraction;;;I am posting to see if others have similar experiences and for advice. My boyfriend and I are both in our 30s. He has ADHD and is unmedicated. We love each other very much and overall there is no shortage of verbal or physical affection. There are many things he does that are related to ADHD and drive me crazy, but I am really upset with how it affects our sex life....it's sort of inconsistent.   We've gotten into arguments after it seems like we're about to have sex, and then he'll get up and walk away. It leaves me confused and hurt. I get grumpy and sullen (admittedly not the best response). There have been occasions where we've moved to another room in the middle of sex, and I'll look at him and it's like all the atmosphere is drained out of the room...like he's about to fold towels or something. When I've gotten upset he has sometimes said "I wasn't done, but then you got upset", but his actions say the opposite of "let's continue this". Asking bluntly doesn't work. It makes me feel like having sex or not having sex is totally dependent on him. It also makes me feel pushy when I can sense what's coming. I tend to spiral about this, like "what could it mean"/blaming it on myself but he assures me that he's attracted to me, feels desire for me, etc. And overall our relationship is loving and secure and we work out problems.  I've asked what he likes/how he would like me to approach him but he doesn't seem to have an idea and he feels insecure/inept when I've brought this up. I may be more inclined to sex but it's hard to say... He's mentioned that he's worried he watches too much porn or masturbates too much when we're not together.   I suggested that the next time the above situation repeats itself, I say "what's going in your head?" Or "where did you go?" instead of internally freaking out about it. Also, sex seems to happen naturally when we're on vacation. Or we've had a really good day together. Or sometimes, it's like he needs a reminder- like we're in the shower. But I can't always replicate the ideal day and environment and I want sex and want to connect with my partner.   Advice? Thanks for reading.
ae062955158d42efe2b5317e6114cd4c6d7f3ceb38e2508885596c814fccbec5;;;Treating my partner's anxiety/depression has revealed an ADD (N)DX and I am having trouble coping. NEED TIPS please;;;My partner and I have been dating for 2 years. During which time he has had anything from dysthymia to major depression. After a severe bout of major depression and intense anxiety he started medication and therapy. All is going well, but the more his mood lifted and the more calm he felt, the more he lost the ability to focus.  More and more he says he feels like hes thinking about a thousand things, but cant gran onto any single thought long enough to talk about it. He said thinking about one thing is like trying to hold a live slippery fish. When we talk sometimes he doesn't hear me. I have to repeat myself a lot. He is so non functional at work that they pulled him aside and basically asked what's wrong. I get the feeling he almost lost his job.  When he was young it was highly theorized that he had ADD but his parents refused a formal diagnosis or medical intervention. They didn't 'believe in that'. He soon after developed depression and I guess the anhedonia, fatigue, and all the classic depression symptoms masked his ADD symptoms. Almost like a sweet middle spot on a pendulum. It's only now that he is better with mental health that he is dealing with this for the FIRST TIME as an adult. He is very overwhelmed, he feels very guilty, and he's generally really mad and frustrated with himself. He is making an appointment with his doctor this weekend to discuss options.  I have an honors degree is Social and Neuropsychology, and I've done counselling in the past, but none of my school really went into ADD/ADHD beyond diagnosis. I was actually the one to bring up ADD to him when the signs started. I however have never had ADD/ADHD patients for DBT or CBT, nor have I worked with someone in clinical or in my practice with the condition. This past week he has had the biggest improvement in mental health and consequentially the biggest jump in his ADD symptoms. It's been hard for us both.  I would like to get some perspective on what hes probably going through, and how he's feeling. I'd like to know if there are things your S.O. does that are really helpful to you (those with the condition), or those of you as the non-dx partner, what things do you find help your dx'd partner?  Right now I'm trying to be as patient as possible. trying to ask if he heard me or needs things repeated. I help him with organizing his weekly schedules. I help remind him or big events or appointments.  He would like to medicate, so I am looking for ways to be supportive and helpful until he gets that component sorted. I also am unsure of what the process for finding a medication for this condition involves, and what the general side effects are for them while taking it.  Any and all advice and tips or shared experiences are welcome. TYVM for all your time, help, and kindness.  **TL;DR Partner of 2 years finally got his depression under control, which revealed massive ADD symptoms out of no where. He was told in childhood he needed a formal DX and his parents refused. His childhood and adult depression had masked the condition for most his life. I need insight for what hes going through, ways to support and help him, and general experiences with medication and symptom management**
898762baedec7b65e0f90b5cfd5db8435c0fa5338d34af495ed0aa07e278df8f;;;ADHD Rambeling Behavior and Hobbies;;;I was going to comment this story but thought merrited it's own post. This post was discussing an ADHD spouse rambeling to and stealing the hobbies of the non-ADHD spouse. Which I can relate...  My favorite was a few months ago my boyfriend decided he loved interior design for like a day. It's been a lifelong interest of mine and I am decorating our new home. He talks and talks about all of his ideas, which were not realistic for our budget and time. He then announces he wants to decorate the house. My boyfriend has excellent taste, but he's never followed through on projects. When we first started dating he claimed he was handy, because his dad was a repair man. When we moved into our first apartment I found out he was afraid to hang things up on the wall for fear he would electrocute himself. So, yeah.  I respond to my spouse, "I love your taste, this will be a great help, I need something to go there, there, and there. Do you want to go with me to the flea market to pick out some pieces? Do you want to go with me to the frame shop to frame this print? I would really love your input." He never went to the frame shop or the flea market.  Months later we were doing a Gottman exercise where we said a few things that we love about eachother. My boyfriend said, "I love the way YOU decorate the house."
5f23353e69567c3cc1875b28f45bed63d102e05d497935096193bffcc26d324a;;;Grieving expectations;;;We got married at 18 and we are 31 now. I always thought he would “grow up”. After being diagnosed at 30, I realized a lot of what caused problems was not just immaturity but ADHD symptoms. It’s a year later and I’m still really struggling to accept what it means for our lives. For better or worse right? It’s not his fault. But I didn’t know that this is what it would be like. And not to mention the YEARS of misunderstanding that led to loads of resentment. It’s done a lot of damage. How can I get over the expectations I had of my marriage and move forward? Edit: he won’t go to therapy
64733371ac8777eab858e680fc59676a6aac1968d91965af85093b1e0619d008;;;Diagnosis advice?;;;This is about me- NDX So I'm 17 and for the past few years that I've been in high school, I've been more aware of what goes on in my head. For a few years (maybe longer, I can't remember) I've been kind of thinking I'm showing symptoms of something, whether adhd or anxiety, or something similar. Neither of my parents have been diagnosed with anything, to my knowledge. They also would just think it was pretty dumb if I wanted to get tested for anything or go to therapy, but I'm going to be 18 in a few months, meaning I can go for myself without them necessarily knowing (besides if I used insurance, but I'll cross that bridge once I get there). I don't know if I should get tested or not though? Would the doctor just tell me what I wanted to hear, or would they tell me there's nothing wrong with me if they didn't think so? I just don't want to go in, and then just be told what I want to hear and then given some medication that will change me and my personality. I guess I'm just nervous about the whole thought of it. What is the process like? What do they evaluate? What would they say if I don't have anything wrong? I want to know why I think the way I do, but I don't want to be given anything unnecessary and, to be honest, I'm afraid of being diagnosed with something.
8a6deb16b716658b13464be1ce84bd1795e40dd19c34264308a66a82e15ed96f;;;ADHD Boyfriend Moved Out to Work on Mental Health;;;My (30F) boyfriend (27M) and I have been together for 4 and a half years.  I have asked him to go to a therapist for 3 years for some coping skills but he was resistant to the idea because he hates talking to strangers.  He was diagnosed to have ADHD about 2 years ago, experimented with a few medications and ultimately stopped.  He was diagnosed with Anxiety a year ago, and just yesterday, he picked up meds for that (hooray!)   &amp;#x200B;  When I woke up a week ago, he told me he was moving out with a friend, and he had already moved some stuff over.  I was hurt and confused because I felt he should have discussed that with me before doing anything, and he has done this once before.  He stated he would have non-stop anxiety when he was living with me and he didn't have any time to himself to unwind.  He agrees he hasn't communicated that very well with me, and if he had told me he needed time to himself, I wouldn't have bothered him.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm really supportive of him focusing on his mental health, and I think it's important he prioritizes finding a therapist (which he said he planned on doing by the end of next week) over our relationship; however, I let him know I don't know how the relationship will be better if he couldn't communicate with me right beside him supporting him, how is he going to communicate when we don't see each other or he forgets to call me.  &amp;#x200B;  I guess I'm tired.  And while I'm happy he's searching for therapy for his own improvement, I'm hurt he's doing this after he moved out.  I'm not sure where to go from here.  He said he'd only come over once a week until his mental state improves, and then he'd increase it.  I guess I feel it's unfair to me because with this arrangement, I feel like I don't have a supportive boyfriend.  He doesn't always answer the phone, text me, or call me when he says he will.   Is it unfair to ask him to choose to be here with me so we can work on these issues together as a couple or choose to stay away and not contact me until he's ready?
2f715e83ca9040a4f5e5d3f907944635ba440e373f794745e29cea4f6cb71420;;;How do you move past the resentment?;;;I [27/F] have been with my newly husband [26/M] for three years and we have finally figured out why we are having so many issues.  He is going to get diagnosed on Monday and hopefully medication from there. I'm going to talk to someone as well  due to the amount of resentment I have.  Our relationship was amazing until we bought our house. Then he completely changed. He became lazy, starting blowing through money, wouldn't listen to me, we have a lack of intimacy and now we are in different rooms.   I want to be hopeful and work on us but I am so exhausted and there have been so many issues that have happened, how do you move past them? Can you move past them?
188d801d327b50decffaa2f86580815e57232b00f7678549b2f583fe15ef3124;;;Is "out of sight, out of mind" a thing you've noticed with your partners?;;;My ADHD boyfriend (24m) and I(24f) have been dating for around a year now and we just started doing long distance...it's driving distance, but with our schedules we can see each other only once a week or so...and he sucks at texting ugh. It's almost as if, if I don't text, he doesn't remember that I exist. Like I don't ask for much but it's so frustrating especially when you're not going to get to see each other. He doesn't forget his other hobby that he's hyperfocused on, but not the girl he is in love with.  I guess I just wanna know if you guys have had similar experiences too and if you have any advice on how to solve it. Or maybe I just needed to rant to people who actually know what it's like.
b6b06a264c16e36ac054f75a358d122b6952c8830f8ebd8d91da1fd05071b4cc;;;How to deal with feeling ignored?;;;My partner (25 F) and I (28 M) have been living together (with 2 other roommates) for about 4 years now. There have been no major issues or drama; we are all in our mid- to late-twenties. She works a rewarding , yet stressful job as a civil engineer and for the past year she has been working on a particularly stressful project that results in many late nights at the office. I work a much more relaxed 9-5 type job that still leaves me with plenty (probably too much) free time. My partner was diagnosed ADHD a few months back and has been responding well to Adderall. I love this woman very much and I do know that she loves me, but that doesn't mean we don't have problems.  That was just backstory. Here's the real issue. Oftentimes when we do spend time together I feel like my presence is taken for granted. I know that 'hyperfocus' is a common thing for people with ADHD and it is something that she certainly experiences (recently she procrastinated an art gift for a friend until the night before and ended up staying up allllll night working on it). But even in other moments when she isn't necessarily "working on something" I feel ignored. It's mostly small stuff but after a while it has really accumulated a lot of emotional baggage in my head and I'm here looking for some relief and support.   My brain is really good at paying low-level attention to many different things. When we are out together, part of my attention is always keeping track of her. Not to control her or judge her or anything, but just because if I lose track of her then my brain starts inventing all sorts of horrible hypotheticals. Hell, even just sitting here typing this out I can imagine terrible things happening to her at her office job and I have to fight the urge to check on her. I know those fears are irrational and I work to bring myself back to reality. It also doesn't help that I suffer from lots of negative thoughts and insecurities about myself. All of this leads me to seek frequent validation from her to soothe my swirling mind and remind me that everything is, in fact, ok. But that's my own problem and I have some decent coping mechanisms for handling my personal brand of crazy. I want to be clear that I am not accusing her of actively ignoring me. I do not believe there is any malicious intent. It seems more likely to me that she is simply thinking about other things sometimes and I need to get over it.   Have you experienced anything similar in your relationships? How have you dealt with these feelings? What kind of language can I use to talk about this without sounding like I trying to guilt her into paying more attention to me?
9b076fe339715be806b825f67811d8e151c11a072b8cc14fd5f1184de59baf97;;;I think it's underestimated how difficult it can be to be in a relationship with someone who has adhd.;;;The lack of empathy, the lying, selfish behavior, rejection sensitivity, actions based on impulses, tantrums, immature communication. To me its all so close to covert narcissism that I some days dont see the difference (with the adhd person in my life. Not saying its the same for everyone with the diagnosis).  When I tell someone my partner has adhd, there is no real understanding of how that effects a relationship. We all know how it affects focus and such, but not really the traits mentioned above.  I feel bad, because he does do good things. And he does show me affection. Its just so very often misplaced. He does not in any way catch up on when Im feeling down, and he doesnt know how to show emotional support. Sometimes I really just miss someone who sees me, and remember what makes me feel better. When Im already emotionally burned out, I dont have the energy to tell him yet again how to be there.
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Feeling frustrated with my ADHD spouse today;;;Venting.  We rent a house but have to pay the water bill and water fees through the district are insane so we conserve as much as we can. The owner of the home doesn't help us with the lawn upkeep or water bill, so we water when we have to but are careful to put the sprinkler on a timer and not overdo it.   Last night as I was heading to bed, my husband was messing with a new electronic toy and I asked him to be sure to turn the hose spigot off before he came up. He said, 'ok' and I said, 'maybe do it now so you don't forget' and he said, 'I won't forget'.   Guess what happened. I left for work this morning to find the garage door still open and the hose still on. The sprinkler timer had turned off and the water wasn't coming out, but the spigot was open and that likely means we were being charged anyway.   He saw a doctor who gave him a recommendation to a medical doctor so he can get on meds. That was two weeks ago. I've asked him twice to follow up with the first doctor, so he can make an appointment and start this process. He's had bad days at work this week that have some to do with his ADHD, but mostly his anxiety, both of which can be managed with meds and he knows it. But he doesn't make the calls, and in the meantime leaves housework forgotten.   I'm feeling so frustrated and angry at him, even though I try to keep that anger in check because I know the results of the ADHD aren't intentional. Sometimes it doesn't matter and I feel like a mother getting angry at a child. Sometimes my patience and understand reach the ends of their rope and I just feel pissed and unhappy at him. Then I feel guilty.
993cb74af4cd2925610a5c5f5a58ef90d17f60a7106cfbfd169c649a6f5bbe4d;;;Losing sleep over frustrations;;;My (31f) dx husband (31m) has consistently fallen through on promises. We've been married for 4 years and living together for almost 5. When we moved in together he brought a lot of boxes full of stuff he hasn't touched in years and promised he would go through them and get rid of them. Well 5 years later they are still taking over our only spare bedroom (2 bed apartment). Plus we had to get a storage unit for spillover because he buys things we have no space for.    On top of that he mostly hasn't been working since moving in together. He worked part time for a year but quit to go back to school which he ended up quitting as well. For the past 1.5 years he's neither been in school or working. Plus he hasn't gone through all his stuff to make room for our spare room to be functional (you know, like maybe as a home office during this pandemic). He refuses to let me help - it turns into an explosive fight if I even suggest it. He hired a professional organizer per my suggestion but only had them come once and then gave up.    I'm at my wit's end. I'm just so frustrated that I lose sleep over it. He's on medication but I see no difference from when he's on it vs off but he refuses to ask his psychiatrist for a change in dosage or drugs because he says he feels a difference.    Any other help or suggestions I offer are met with defensiveness and often name-calling. I just don't know what to do anymore because I don't see this ever changing. I'm tired of being the sole income earner and also having no say in how to organize my home.
709ce1622a59ec22c9721b1fd8de1fc69c48cc7b1b3ae089c85a749ecac010dc;;;Wife of an ADHD Husband and feeling HOPELESS;;;Please help:  I knew my husband had ADHD before marrying him, but somehow I was able to look past all of that. Thankfully so because he is one of the greatest things that’s ever happened to me. But at the same time, the worst. I want to start off by saying he has not been on meds since early high school. We’re 21.   Since being married, my husband has gotten into 3 car accidents: totaling my very first car and wrecking the other one enough to where we are unable to afford the repairs at this moment but still drive-able. This morning I get a call from our insurance company inquiring about the accident that took place. Confused me goes, “the one from back in June?” She goes, “No? The one from last night.” So not only did my husband get into his THIRD car accident, he also neglected to tell me. On top of this, he has lost every debit card I’d ever owned since being married and has been fired from every job he’s ever had in the same amount of time. We got married last May. As you can imagine, I am emotionally, physically, and mentally sick of the back to back shenanigans.   We have seen a psychiatrist who referred us to a neuropsychologist so that we can get him back on meds. I guess my question is, what should I expect? Is it some kind of magic pill that’ll stop all of these problems? Or at least reduce them significantly? How can I be more understanding and helpful for him?  Thanks.
45bff476c2a3786e55f566103edad7d898f5a8b61aa359dbc0f730a872407ab7;;;husband refuses to be diagnosed;;;my 66 year old husband refuses to be diagnosed with ADHD or may be Asperger .  not sure . For years he displays very strange traits but i had no ideas that thses are inducation of a mental problem .  He does not let anyone talk  he can talk forever and never listens to anyone else.   extremely disorganized in his thought and immediate surrounding, very messy.   Impulsive in his eating and spending .  he spends our retirment savings without even telling me on his own personal splurges.  He smokes marjuana et says it calms his anxiety.  He is a mess and he is driving me crazy, He drives without a driving licence for three years and when i tell him to get a drivers licences he yells at me.  We are both retired, i do all the house work and almost all the paperwork.  May be because of his drug abuse he becomes violent and abusive.    I dont feel safe around him anymore because he lies and blames all of his problems on me.  i am not sure what to do.  His sister said one day that they have asperger in their family and since them my husband think that he is a genius and god like
2cec604bca6a2daae74834b56e7eba2f14559920b68c18d1506bd633be8ecf36;;;My partner becomes a different person when she’s on her meds DX;;;My partner was diagnosed with adhd 7-8 years ago and had been on vyanse/adderall to keep it under control until recently (switched to focalin, but haven’t noticed a huge difference). Last year she was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder and has been taking medication for that as well.   I should note here that since the start, she had been notoriously bad at remembering to take her medication correctly and (very) often abuses her adhd meds (maybe a few dozen times just this year), and sometimes her anxiety meds. And by abuse, I mean she takes more than she’s prescribed and goes into somewhat of a manic episode. This has always troubled me but she always manages to convince me she has it under control. This always happens when she feels extra stress for any reason.   So last week, she came to the realization that she has an eating disorder, and when she talked to her therapist he diagnosed her with anorexia. This was a big shock to me, but I guess I/we should have realized this, she is chronically underweight and hardly eats at all when she’s medicated. She basically sleepwalks to the fridge each night and consumes most of her calories that way.   I’m not sure when this started to occur, but at some point she started to become very detached, and I’m genuinely not sure if it’s the anxiety meds, or the way her adhd meds started affecting her when she became very underweight. I only notice the “real” version of her come out when she takes “med holidays” every once in a while.   Her therapist wants me to come in and be a part of her next session so I can hear from both of them how I can help her get through her eating disorder. I’ve agreed, but I feel strongly that I should mention the prescription abuse. When I brought it up with her she said she does *NOT* want to talk about it and that doing so would set her back with her therapist. I know she’s mentioned that it happens occasionally, but I think he’s woefully under-informed about the extent of the abuse. I’d also like to ask about the connection to stimulants/stimulant abuse and eating disorders, but she’s made it very clear that she does not want me bringing up medication at all.    I’ve probably harped on the medication one too many times in the past and made it the “boogie man” that causes all her problems. She no longer takes me seriously when I bring up the topic. She’s also complained to her doctor that I think her meds are negatively affecting her and he’s gotten upset about it, basically saying that she needs them.   To be honest, when she is detached it sends me into a huge funk. I don’t want to do anything but sink in and wait for the next “med holiday.” But it’s unavoidable sometimes. She’s been unemployed for 7 months now and I work from home so I end up smoking a lot of weed and just staying away from her as much as possible. We barely scrape by financially but she’s not fit to work right now (her words).   When I want to have a conversation about her meds she blows up and asks me not to be so controlling and to let her get healthy, but I feel strongly we’re going in the wrong direction.   So what can I say during next week’s session? I don’t know if it’s an ethical conflict for me to bring up a big life issue without my wife’s approval and I feel very uncomfortable talking to my wife’s therapist without her knowledge.  Any advice would be greatly appreciated. I’m glad I found this sub.
3c398bc979c9b82d5f5bd1817f7ba4530795464231c6d74e2b8756d698b546b3;;;I shouldn’t have trusted my partner;;;My partner proposed to me last year. I gave them the task of figuring out how to apply for a marriage license. I wanted to get married this month or last and made sure to tell them.  They say that they have it figured out and that we need to go to the county office at some point to apply.  So we go in today and guess what? All applications are online only. I’m baffled. I turn to them and wonder how the hell this happened. They swear up and down that they looked at the whole website and read it closely and that it didn’t mention that at all.   I go onto the website on my phone and first thing I see is the link to apply online. I can’t understand how the heck they didn’t see it. It was right at the front of the webpage. Not to mention that this makes much more sense given the current context of the world (pandemic).  I trusted them. Maybe I was too naive to do so. Maybe I shouldn’t have left this task to them.  So, I took care of it on my phone. It took like 20 min. But now we are going to have to wait 2 months at most. I really wanted to get married this month after a year of waiting and after a total of 6 years of being together.  I’m just so upset and feeling conflicted guys. Is this an omen to not get married? Stuff like this happens all the time and all I get from them is a victim mentality. They go on and say that how useless they are and etc and what am I suppose to do with that? I was the one who was hurt here and now I’m expected to give emotional support????  I am so tired.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;A frustrating situation really hurt my feelings and brought up past pain.;;;My boyfriend(29M) and I(29F) have been together about 2.5 years, living together just about one year. While it wasn't bad every day, we had a *lot* of issues adjusting to our lives under one roof. It got to the point where we were just about broken up about a month and half ago.  IDK what happened but I guess a flip switched in his head and he showed a *huge* improvement with most everything we were struggling with. I too started a lot of new healthy habits and have made vast improvements.  Things have actually been really great but I believe the stress of him waiting to see if he got a new job he *really* wants in addition to him falling behind and struggling to understand some of his online school work got the best of him and created a situation that really hurt my feelings.   The short version is that he told me in an annoyed voice in the midst of sex that I take too long to orgasm.   The long version is that I have had serious issues around sex my whole life for a lot of reasons though I have improved exponentially this past 6 months or so of my life. He has mentioned to me in conversation over the years how he doesn't really care about foreplay and wish we could just skip it. This is also not the first time he has mentioned that he thinks I take too long.   As you can imagine these words have stuck with me and absolutely make the issue worse. He clearly does enjoy foreplay a lot of the times and really tries to finish with me or after me nearly every time. It is clear that he cares about my pleasure but just doesn't want to put the time into caring *every* time.   I also know 100% that I take just as long as any other woman to climax (between 5-35 minutes or so depending on the specific situation) but I can't get it out of my head that I'm a bother to him now even when it's generally not true.   There was a few days in a row where I knew he wanted sex but it just didn't happen. Sometimes I'm very tired and would prefer to wait so I can be a more enthusiastic participant than a lazy sleepy one. Finally there was a day that he had his job interview, he felt great, I thought he looked great in his interview clothes and couldn't wait to het home from work to show him how proud I was of him.   It was late at night by the time I was freed up to give him the sex I felt he deserved and I was *very ready* to have some fun myself. I approached him at his computer with a plan in my head but he mentioned having a headache.  I adjusted my plan in the moment to let him lie down while I did all the work for once. This is rare because he's in better shape than me and I get nervous about being in control with him but I've been working out a lot and feeling really strong and great.   He seemed to be having a great time of it and after a while I was trying to find a position where I could most easily get off and then make that headache of his vanish.   Seemingly out of the blue he seemed annoyed and started mentioning how we had no lube or condoms (we had both). I casually mentioned that we had them but then he went off about how he didn't like the brands we had. We've used these a bunch of times before so I didn't understand. Then he goes off about how ye hates just using spit and that it's gross even though he doesn't usually have a problem with it.  Then, while I'm literally still on top of him, confused and out of the moment, he very irritably says I'm taking too long and he just wants to get off already. I don't always need to get off but it had been a while for me and I was really into it up to that point and felt so awful like he didn't enjoy any of what I just did for him.    I got off him and ended up crying in the bathroom for a long time and he just fell asleep. It's still bothering me a few days later even though he apologized and blamed it in his head ache. I'm trying to be understanding but it's really hard for me considering the situation as a whole.  I'm really just here to vent and I suppose get some support. I know he doesn't mean to hurt my feelings but these words are slowly starting to give me long lasting anxiety about my sexual performance and inability to just magically orgasm everywhere without any foreplay like some super fake porn.
93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Could someone with ADHD have a comorbid personality disorder that only "shows up" extreme symptoms from time to time?;;;I have been posting a lot about my husband lately, and his sudden couple days now of severe emotional abuse. (Dx'd ADHD, currently and deeply unfortunately off his meds because we cannot afford Vyvanse right now)  I am looking back at the 6 year timeline of our relationship, and realizing that even within the first two weeks of meeting me, he had a few episodes of anger directed towards me mainly.  He calms down after he is gone for a few hours, or at least used to calm down that way, and also if I then walk on eggshells and profusely apologize for whatever it is he thinks I have done "wrong."   I love this man to death. He is usually sooo patient and kind and loving.  But I've kept track mentally...and about once every 3 months he has these HUGE UNCONTROLLABLE anger outbursts towards me, calls me names, says I'm worthless and a piece of shit, says I don't deserve him, gaslights me, comes up with made-up reasons to act like I've done the most horrible injustice in the world.  I try to give him space and not say anything back (eggshells) but his anger does still remain even with that.  Then, eventually things settle down and it is as if those things never even happened.   And then he becomes the sweetest man in the world again. And you can tell he *genuinely* cares and loves me during these "normal" times.  I'm just really confused. I wish I knew what to do, and not just break up. We have been together 6 years and have a 3 yo. He's the love of my life. He has helped me through so much.   But here I am, in the hospital, he didn't bother to ask how I'm doing until near bed time, he SHOUTED and DEMANDED (with that feeling of "or else") on the phone that I tell him "what happened today?" (not "are you okay? not "can I support you?" nothing kind like that which really hurt) and so I got scared and gave details best I could without having a panic attack, and he wasn't satisfied with the amount of details I gave and kept yelling  at me.   I try not to judge, and I am NOT ASKING FOR AN ARMCHAIR DIAGNOSIS, but does this irregular behavior sound like it could be something comorbid *with* his ADHD like a personality disorder?  Thanks if you got through this long bit!
125f2a50372f357c7298ef44d410ac5115027a8719115f579ca06f781984b16f;;;New boyfriend has ADHD, I'm afraid he could lose interest in us?;;;Hi all. Thanks for reading. I'm new to this community. Sorry for typos as I'm on mobile.  My boyfriend (29M) and I (27F) have been together for about 2 months. It's kind of a whirlwind romance that happened relatively quickly: about 2 and a half months ago I was moving out of the city where we both lived and we had a very intense connection at the end of my time there. I have known him for about 2 years prior to this, we had just never really gotten to know one another. I needed a place to stay due to car trouble and ended up living with him for about 2 weeks before I actually left the area. During those 2 weeks we became boyfriend/girlfriend and he even said he loved me. It certainly felt a bit fast to me but it also felt totally right and he didn't pressure me into doing or saying anything I wasn't comfortable with. I went through with my move, though, and we are doing long-distance for a while, with the plan being for me to join him in a few months in the city where he will be starting a new job in the new year.   He's an absolutely amazing guy and I am lucky to have him. He's intelligent, gentle, patient, kind, funny, and successful, and I really feel like we are well-matched. I feel so happy with him and I believe he may be my long-term partner (just my gut feeling). I have dated a good number of guys seriously before (I think I've had about 7 or 8 serious relationships) and none of them even mildly compare to what I have with my current boyfriend.   He has been 100% upfront with me about the fact that he has ADHD and takes medication for it. It's never something I've had issue with and I'm glad he has been honest with me about it. The more I've gotten to know and love him, the more I've wanted to understand what ADHD really is and how it impacts his life so that I can be the partner he needs me to be. He seems to manage it pretty well with medication and he is pleased with that. We frequently talk openly about it and he has taught me many things about his relationship with it specifically.   When doing research on ADHD and dating, one of the concerns raised was that it can happen for the party with ADHD to get really into someone at the beginning of a relationship and then lose interest when things cool off a little (I know this can happen to anyone, but the video I watched did seem to stress this point). Since ADHD has a lot to do with impulsivity (from what I can tell), this worries me a little. We got together and said I love you pretty fast, and although we seem to be making things work as they are now, what if it isn't sustainable? It is kind of too early to tell at 2 months. He hasn't really said or done anything that is foreboding, he will actually be visiting me next week, but I'm afraid of him losing interest.  I feel like this is a concern I should raise with him, but I also don't want to point-blank ask him if what we have is solid because I don't want him to think I doubt him. He keeps mentioning our future and how he can't wait for us to move in together, but I'm usually the one who initiates that kind of talk. I'm also usually the first to text or call him. I know ADHD can make you be off in your own world and I don't freak out about him forgetting to contact me(usually what happens), but I also have fallen pretty hard for this wonderful goofball and I would be heartbroken if things fizzled out. I know ultimately only so much is within my control, but how can I/should I communicate this concern with him in the most diplomatic way possible?  Thanks for taking the time to read my long post!
50783a1350435e4250995ad7e50a0c604704e757b2e37aa752f39d63649a1061;;;Questions and support!;;;Hi,   I stumbled upon this thread googling non adhd spouses, and I have so many questions. We have started strongly suspecting my spouse suffers from adhd (undiagnosed at this point), and tbh I’m not sure where to start/what to say, but i need support.   Reading any articles discussing adult adhd or relationships with adults with adhd feels like a direct mirror of my entire relationship timeline (9 years!). Ive discussed it with my spouse (he brought it up actually) and he is open but he hasn’t taken any steps towards finding a diagnosis or seeking out support.    I am so exhausted from dealing with it all, and i am so sick of nagging him to get things done with little to no results, but something needs to give here. Especially with covid, it feels like the issues are even more apparent and we are just continually bringing out the worst in each other. Im so tired of it all. Does anyone have any advice for someone who is starting out on this journey?
c94c1b83badfdd368386ede3b10e6db0f198836f8247c8ca6d579a499556ab39;;;I don’t know what to do next...I’m stuck;;;TL/DR: Bf is financially dependent on me and I don’t know how to leave.   Pretty nervous to write this post but I am feeling like I don’t know where to turn for advice.  I love my DX/medicated ADHD SO. He is very kind and loving and has been through a lot in his life.    These things being said- I am having a very hard time seeing a future together. I am type A personality, outgoing, love social gatherings and plans! I wanted to be in a different place in my life by this point (own a house, possibly marriage and kids) and it’s hard to feel like I would be if I wasn’t in this relationship.   Guys I’m stuck. Stuck in so many ways. But mainly- I am leaning toward ending the relationship for the sake of my mental and financial stability.  I have been dating my bf (me 29f and him 27m) for 2 years and living together for a little over 1 year.  Right before moving in together I was surprised with a puppy. Yes SURPRISED.  And not super happy about it despite loving dogs soo much - I didn’t want to take on the responsibility and yet here I am now the primary care taker.  He lost his job when we moved in and I have been the sole breadwinner as well (did not and do not want to be at all. I have no choice.)  He’s put me in so much debt it is devastating. He has gotten a few jobs since but has a lot of trouble with time management due to ADHD and was let go from each.    Now unemployed for 4 months and spending 90% of time on video games- we barely speak because he is so so focused on beating this game. I have to take care of everything: bills (his and mine.), groceries, pet care, laundry, cleaning, reminding him when his meds need to be renewed, encouraging and helping with the job search... all while starting a new job (promotion! Yay!)  I have talked to him about all of this a million times and he always says he’s sorry and ensures me he will change. I started therapy for me which has helped.  How can I leave? He has no money, no job, a dog and two cats, no family or support system, and a motorcycle with winter looming. I am afraid of leaving him alone broke with responsibilities because I do care about him.   Please help and sorry for the long sob story!
53fc9cd256d4d33aae20889aeb9e6c1ce662ea11a458ead575e51fb5c8ea9d4b;;;I think my ex had ADHD, he wanted to cut my throat.. why?;;;so I recently just broke up with my ex because I lost feelings, due to lack of attention, anger issues and unresolved arguments. He was never diagnosed and I only came to realise it might be ADHD because my friend suggested it.  We never had our issues resolved because whenever I open a discussion he would blame it on me, never understood the real point of the argument, and diverts to something else that’s completely irrelevant.   He always forgets things and we used to live together so I felt like I was always ‘momming’ him. He never listens to people, ever. Whenever we are talking he ends up talking about himself. And apparently not only I felt the same way, all our friends did too. He tends to repeat his stories over and over again too.   Also, he has major anger issues, and I only recently heard from my friend after the breakup that previously when he thought I had used tinder secretly (I never did, it was just an app I had but hadn’t deleted because I forgot it was there) he wanted to slap me.   And many more, like failure to read the room, making things all about him, cannot multitask, looked like he couldn’t be bothered whenever I talk to him, etc.  What I want to ask, is it normal for ADHD people to threaten people? Or is it because in addition to that he has anger issues?  I’m asking because when I broke up with him, he took it well initially, and then after I told him to come and take his stuffs from my house, he went insane, he said that he felt meaningless in my life and that ‘if I ended things friendly by telling one another what a good time we had with each other’ he will be ok with it. But what’s the point???? Then he accused me of cheating. With a friend I hadn’t texted or met in weeks, only recently together with a girl friend because quarantine was lifted. He said we all plotted against him, and he wants to cut our throats. I can understand everything but I can’t understand the threats, his way of thinking, etc. Breakup was between me and him but he always needs something or someone to blame.
1d950d3cd3d89c3bdb9e43fb9cb2340d8b54b04b9cf3bba2ae58b93706f7e43f;;;My DX'ed wife and I are finally making it work and happier than ever after 15 years together. We can't pretend to have all the answers, and our experience is just ours. But we as a team want to offer an "AMA" (or "AUA" since its "us", not just "me"). If we can help in anyway, we want to!;;;I know a lot of people are struggling with the relationship challenges that come with ADHD. I came to this thread about a year ago looking for answers, but found a lot of the posts weren't encouraging or solutions focused.  For more context - She has ADHD, Generalized Anxiety, Rejection Sensitivity Disorder, and Depression. I found out recently I have complex PTSD causing me to be more emotionally stunted, which didn't help our match. We were on the verge of breakup 4 months ago, but we made some giant strides as a couple and individuals that has now left us happier than ever with each other since then.  If there's any way in which we can share some of that hope and joy, or help you and your loved one get over any hurdles, we'd love to help!
245429c456939bb76b11b7d7e8ef9e7b6d127f8cfe70dc5a219daa8eb3049374;;;I am pre-frustrated with my bf’s messy lifestyle.;;;My uncle once told me you can’t change a man. It’s been about five months since I started dating my current partner, and I’ve noticed he is incredibly messy. Talking more than a bachelor pad’s amount, like clothes strewn everywhere, no way to distinguish clean clothes from dirty clothes, wrappers and bags on the table and ground, dishes piled up, bathroom a mess (unorganized), dead plants. He lives in a two bedroom by himself. His two small pets have one room. He’s great, we’re great, but I’ve lived with boyfriends before; he’s never lived with a partner before. I’ve cleaned up after one ex, and the other cleaned up after me. I can be messy but when I lived by myself I was messy a lot more. Is this something I should consider a red flag? I’m not moving in with him anytime soon but I also don’t want to waste his time. I’ve been to his parents’ and they’re way messy too, so it’s probably the upbringing. (He claims he has bipolar and/or adhd) I now live by myself in 200 sq ft so I can’t afford to be messy now. I have to unlearn the unhealthy habits and be more mindful of my space. My new medication helps me through the depression. SO is completely against medication. I... don’t know whether this is grounds enough to break up over especially since we don’t live together.
085b0064f7621c3b3dd5d403a7b68d976fa4ad7b324780324d65bf2c16d94a7d;;;If you had the chance to go back in time and not marry your ADHD (DX) spouse, or just break up before everything got too compromising,would you do it? And WHY?;;;This question comes from me F(30) being really afraid to commit even more to my ADHD partner. I love him and I am so attracted to him. He’s so loving and sweet and smart, he’s definitely someone with good ethics and a kind heart. Did I mention he’s the hottest man in the world? Problem is I genuinely don’t think I’m capable of dealing with a life together where I’ll go to bed thinking every time we fight or I’m hurt is related to his ADHD (which has happened a lot recently)  I’m extremely structured, focused and organized. I’m very independent and I always take pride in solving my own problems with no external help. I don’t mind setting up a system where I remind him of certain things and take care of all the spending done in the house (since he struggles with that) or paying bills (I never forget about them) getting groceries, etc. I don’t mind that at all and I actually like it. It’s like playing monopoly. It’s structured and simple to me. My problem is I can’t stop thinking of worst case scenarios where we keep dating, eventually get married and after a few years (if it’s that long)he suddenly will lose interest in me and I’m no longer entertaining/ fun and on top of that he just gets bored of being a responsible father and doesn’t want to help with the family/ household/ bills and other responsibilities that take a lot of planning- this is again, looking into the future. I imagine myself feeling really frustrated and desperate with the pressure of (again worst case) keeping a job -I’m an architect- paying bills, buying a house, having kids, sending them to school, traveling (which I love)etc, all BY MYSELF. Those are all things I want to do at some point in my life and for that I need a partner by my side, not toddler with a wallet. I honestly think his (medicated) ADHD is/will be more than I can handle and that’s making me re-think whether it’s a good idea to keep this relationship or, knowing how little patience I have, break up peacefully and go our own ways.  I’m sorry this seems so cold hearted, I truly love him but I think I can’t handle so much work into a life together.
bafda2c8e12894c335301c2f89f8f21400d83dfd083be2271293e1ae2ea0f95c;;;I am desperate to hear your reasoning for staying with your partner when you are struggling so badly. What keeps us all in these cages we have allowed ourselves to be placed in?;;;I feel like im going to throw up from the amount of stress my DX boyfriend puts me through. He is the most untrustworthy, irresponsible, unreliable, disorganized, forgetful, irrational, confusing, inattentive human I have ever met. I never experienced anger until we moved in together. I used to be so patient. I have completely lost myself and I will never be the same again.  But then I sit here and I read all of the things people say on this sub about how horrible their parters are which makes me realize how absolutely not horrible mine is, but i feel like it almost makes it worse in a way. I wish he was an abusive lying manipulative POS, I wish he was an asshole unwilling to work on himself and make changes who didn’t appreciate anything that I did and didn’t recognize how badly he hurts me. Because if he was any of those things I would have left no questions asked. But he his none of that.   He is patient, kind, supportive, loving, understanding, apologetic, self reflective, incapable of being mad at me for anything, always takes responsibility for his actions, makes me feel so valued and important, and is endlessly outspoken about his passionate desire to be the man I need one day, yet at the same time reassuring that if I can’t take it anymore he understands and doesn’t blame me. I never feel like I don’t want to spend time with him. He is hilarious, creative, passionate, unique, and genuinely good hearted.  I see the making of such an incredible human being in his eyes.   So seemingly this is why I continue to hold on, but why is everything so incredibly contradictory? Do the good things really outweigh the bad to the point that I am willing to have breakdown after breakdown because he failed to do something basic for the billionth time therefore reminding me that I am the only human in my life I will ever be able to rely on? I know my future will be full of stress and anxiety and disappointment riddled with shame because I feel guilty for being unhappy the second he makes me laugh again.  I just need to know why we do this to ourselves. Is this some sort of self inflicted emotional abuse? We are bleeding out and need a doctor to perform surgery, so why are we sitting still allowing a nurse to just keep putting bandaids on us?
2d99af632efc1596dfa740f7c9b2dd7ded46a3d229746d6768e3b041fb3325b5;;;tips for managing partners tendencies to talk excessively about hobbies?;;;Let me start out by saying I love my husband more than anything and he is my best friend. We’ve been together 3 years and married for 1, and I have always known that he has ADHD. He’s currently on medication and has been for years, but I’ve noticed that regardless if he takes his meds or not it still feels like he has trouble with excessive talking. This may not seem like a big deal, but it makes it very difficult for me to feel connected to him because I feel like he’s always dominating the conversation and when I do get to talk it feels like he is waiting for me to finish talking so that we can go back to talking about his hobbies rather than listen to what I have to say.  He loves cars and is also an engineer so his interest and work overlap-while this is great for him and I am so happy he’s following his passion, it’s often exhausting for me because I feel like all we talk about is cars. I’ve tried my best to take an interest in learning about different cars and supporting his hobby by going to auto cross with him and listening to his plans to modify his car or facts about cars we see on the road, but there always comes a certain point where I just feel like I have nothing to add to the conversation and I just keep saying “mhmm” until he notices that I am losing interest. Even after noticing that I’m not that into the conversation he will tend to keep going and sometimes it feels like he just wants someone to listen or to hear himself talk (but I could just be taking it personally). Bottom line, has anyone experienced anything similar with their partner or have any tips for how to communicate these feelings to my husband?
11eefe40e40a2ae30126437c6589fe2465dce2fdb4881548b5ff0b892c755a8c;;;It's not a secret, it's just not that interesting/I forgot about it.;;;I'm curious how many others here have experienced something similar. It doesn't even have to be specifically about the topic of my example, but the concept in general. Of feeling like they are keeping a secret but it's just their mind filtering it out for whatever reason.  A few months ago my girlfriend and I had a conversation after I was starting to feel a little bit out of the loop of her life. Specifically her social life. She had been visiting a friend out of town during the fall of last year and when she came home she told me all about their night out and the people they hung out with. Then a few months ago she mentions talking to a guy about her career, the guy being a friend of the friend she was visiting. She had mentioned him in passing when she talked about her night out but nothing since then. So I sat us down and asked about her social life because I was starting to feel like it was growing into this big mystery. At first she felt a bit attacked, as though I was accusing her of something. But as we talked we both realized how the other saw the whole thing. She didn't feel like she was secretive, she just didn't think to mention people or conversations unless they were impactful or interesting because they fly by her without necessarily sticking in her mind. And that making a new friend didn't seem like it needed an announcement, those things just happen. So I talked about how it looked from my perspective; it read like she was hiding something because all I saw was her looking at her phone, messaging with 'someone' and only later finding out that it was some new person she had only briefly mentioned months ago. Which further makes me wonder how many people she talks to that she has never mentioned. I explained to her that it  makes me feel intentionally left out and that her connections with new people seems suspect because they are not disclosed at all. So it reads as though they are being hidden from me for some reason.  Since that conversation, there has been a shift in both of us. She is much more proactive in mentioning people and conversations I am much more relaxed knowing if someone isn't mentioned isn't because she's hiding the conversation so much as it is she isn't finding the conversation interesting or important enough worth sharing. And that if she mentions someone new now, I expect they may keep in contact even though she doesn't specifically say that.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Procrastination and conflict resolution;;;I am trying to understand if this is part of the ADHD. When we have a disagreement, my partner gets dysregulated easily which I know is the ADHD. He gets really angry and leaves without asking for a time out. He doesn't use active listening skills, but gets mad at me for repeating myself when I do not feel heard. He tends to interrupt me frequently and makes excuses for himself about that. He also tends to have a lot of denial about his role in things, which I understand is common in ADHD (and common in men from what I hear from other women, but I digress). But something puzzles me.   He takes SO LONG to communicate any effort at repair even after I have stopped trying to resolve the issue and moved on to the icy distance that happens when there's no resolution. He seems to procrastinate until right before some other part of our life routine like I'm about to finish work or we just put the kid to bed or he's about to go out or he's found some random message he wants to send me. I can't tell if this is ADHD or just stubbornness or wanting to wait and try to force me to be the initiator of apology etc or what. Or maybe object permanence issues where he literally forgets that we are in the middle of an argument until something reminds him? If so, how do I keep it from gutting me? I suffer so much until the "book is closed" on an argument. Him taking so long really hurts my ability to bounce back and have a "normal" relationship.   Does your partner procrastinate on repair communication also?
9b076fe339715be806b825f67811d8e151c11a072b8cc14fd5f1184de59baf97;;;With recommendation from some of you I told him I need him to go to therapy. His response is that I have to go to therapy.;;;Im feeling really gaslighted by my adhd partner. 90 procent of me wants it to be not on purpose but 10 procent of me thinks otherwise. When Ive felt neglected over a longer period of time, those 10 procent dominates the rest. Now there is alot of unresolved issues between him and I. I need to speak up about some of them, and I cant tell my friends or family if there ever should be a change for him and I to figure things out and be happy together.  Awhile back I was sexually assualted by a close friend in my sleep. I ended the friendship, and my partner (though we were broken up then) wanted to support me and offered me to come stay at his place. The first night i woke up to him touching me sexually. I stopped it, next day I told him how upset I made me, that it was the absolute last thing I needed and that he could never do that again. He told me he was really sorry, and I forhave him. The next day, i woke up to him touching me again. When I got upset to told me to stop being dramatic and to calm down. Ive brought it up maybe four times since, but everytime I do he tells me to calm down, or that im abusive for saying he has abusive behabiour.  The second thing thats eating me up. About 8ish months ago I went to london for a job so I could save up for school. We decided to move in together, and when I came back we would live together in his apartment. I moved my things to his place. After I went on the plane all of our plans were shot to shit. If we agreed to call eachother he wouldnt. Im pretty sure he was lying to me in some way. He couldnt call me because he was with his new friend, who i didnt mind at the time, but who turned out to say he was in love with him. Aswell as this other new friend, that I had raised concerns about and he responded with telling me it was my fault that they had gotten so close, because I was acting like a bitch, and talking about my jelaousy towards her brought the two together. Then one night he promised to call me again but went out drinking again instead. He told me the reason was that his boss had been blackmailing him for his adhd medicin, and he went out that night because one of the guys might be able to offer him a new job. He also told me he wrote a mail to management about what his boss had done, and eventually the boss got fired  8 months later I realized this "sociopath boss" liked a photo of him and me on instagram, which made me realize they are stills friends on social media. I thought that was incredibly weird. If I had a boss who had been blackmailing me for drugs, and got them fired, i dont think I would be social media friends and/or on good terms with them in any way. I asked my boyfriend about it and he now said that he never sent an e-mail that got the boss fired, and the boss got fired two months later because of something else. I went over what he told me a thousand times back then, i was completely heartbroken. I know what he told me, but now he tells me Im just remembering it wrong.  A big part of me thinks the reason why everything makes no sense, when I went to london, is because he cheated on me and have made up all these lies to cover it up, but that he cant even keep up with his own lies. Maybe its not cheating. But something is defiently not right.  I get that adhd can affect behaviour alot, and that it can seem apathic and Im really trying to understand him and his actions, but he keeps making apathic choices. And since he cant take responsibility for it, im extremely worried that the past will repeat itself. He wont take it seriously that me feeling sad and doubting my selfworth is a product of all this. He thinks it will go away if I go to therapy alone, but me going to therapy is not going to help his behaviour.  I dont know what to do. And I dont know how to move on from this.
661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;All or nothing;;;My ADHD wife of 14 years frequently gets stuck in all or nothing mentalities.  It's gotten that way with parenting.  She is miserable and keeps talking about how she wants to be able to do art (btw, she's an artist).  I LOVE that she's an artist and wants to do art.  The problem is that she seems to not be able to do art unless she rents an expensive studio space, and is locked away in the solitude of her off site studio for 8-10 hours a day.  If she can't give her hyper focus for extended time and uninterrupted, then she just can't do it.   If she can't be creative, then she HATES her life and becomes resentful towards me and the kids as we are the reason she can't be the person she wants to be.     But she's a stay at home mom of two small children and I am the only income provider of the house.  I work from home right now, but I have to work, not do child care to afford her the time away from home to do it.  In too if that, the times in the past that she has been able to work on art, she can't do anything because she becomes paralyzed with a host of other mental and emotional blocks.  I keep asking her to help find a middle ground, but she either can't or won't.  She just stays stuck in this mental loop of everything and everyone else in her life telling her she can't.  She is constantly miserable, dealing with extreme anxiety, and on the verge of panic attacks at all time.  The fact we are living in a pandemic makes all if this q million times worse.  I'm not sure if I'm asking advice, or just getting this off my chest....  I don't know how our marriage survives this.
bbaad6af79d59f938ba6d83bc9cea3213233451b32ed22cf50c2db5415db6348;;;So ex's with ADHD ever come back?;;;Hi all my partner of 5 years (32M) recently broke up with me out of the blue (27F), we had been living together for just over a year. I'm pretty devastated over the whole thing. He was diagnosed with ADHD approx a year into our relationship, he said I should watch some videos about it which I did but we never discussed it really, as I think neither of us felt it had a big impact on our relationship, however the more I'm trying to understand our breakup I think it had a much bigger impact than I thought (happy to explain more if people want).  It feels like he's broken up with me more out of impulse (maybe because living with me meant I wasn't an exciting thing to divert his attention as I was around all the time) but I think he might end up regretting it, we were each other's best friends and with a bit of work could have been back on track, but it seems he's jumped ship the minute it got hard. I am starting to process it might be for the best, but part of me still really wants him back.   Tdlr: ADHD partner broke up with me and I'm devastated. Anyone on here with ADHD have you ever regretted breaking up with your partner? Did you ever seek them out again and get back together?
aa93160dba7903ff22d614fd63c883468d5cc78bb6a51472499e0c887ac49e2f;;;DX fiance feels restless every night and smokes weed to cope. How can I help? I’m worried about addiction.;;;First post here, hope this is okay. My fiancé was diagnosed when he was in third grade and has been medicated ever since. For the most part we have great communication - he takes feedback well and has given me good feedback on how to give him feedback without making him feel judged.   We typically watch TV together after dinner every night. He feels very restless at this time, which I’ve come to understand is one of the ways ADHD manifests for him. He started smoking weed to calm down every night about a year ago. Sometimes he’ll take a day, a week (or two!) off, but for the most part it’s nightly weed consumption.   I’m very nervous that this is an unhealthy coping mechanism and that he can’t feel “normal” without drugs. I know COVID is probably exacerbating this and I know weed isn’t THAT bad. How can I help him find healthier ways to feel less restless? CAN I help him here? TIA!
e636991324f0d23e1f8e0fd652355bb001e6a01af9de71f00bc5167c6217827c;;;At the end of my rope. What do I do?;;;New user here and pretty nervous about being this vocal with strangers on the Internet but here goes: I’m frustrated with my boyfriend’s (DX/26) laziness. He sleeps all day and then immediately gets up, goes to his computer and plays video games well into the night. Meanwhile I have to do all of the cooking, cleaning, taking care of the animals (2 cats and a dog that he insisted he wanted and paid for and barely takes care of even after i straight up said that he is not in a good headspace right now to take care of a dog) all while I’m working a full time job and working towards my masters full time.   When I point it out to him he will say “oh well my ADHD makes everything harder!! You need to tell me what to do!” but all this does is add another burden to me and even when I do this he either says he’ll do what I asked later and not do it or he’ll half ass whatever task I ask him to do and still leave me to go behind him and clean/reclean. He said that having a guide would help so I got him a white board to write these tasks on: he either ignores it or (like he did last night) draw over what I’ve written to be funny.  I love him very much but I’m at the end of my rope and seriously thinking of leaving him. I’m tired of being his mother and having to hold his hand through the simplest of tasks—seriously I have to actually tell him to not throw trash on the floor and to put it in the trash can.   Any advice is welcomed and I’d be grateful for. Thanks.
4427ff0aaa0ce20143caba5d8cce171a987d6caa90651b24b343a2e8379353a7;;;I’m so tired.;;;I’m 36 weeks pregnant tomorrow and I’m just so tired my dx husband, just doesn’t take his mental health seriously. He takes his meds but it ends there. I can’t do it anymore. I can’t do it for him anymore. When the baby comes, I can’t be on top of him. If he’s taking his meds, did he make the doc appt, how he is on refills? All while trying to maintain my sanity and keep a baby alive. I’m scared. I’m tired. I’m resentful. I’m not asking for much. I know it can be hard. And it’s also as if I enable. Because I do it. But if I don’t, it affects both of us. It affects me. I’ve given the whiteboards, the lists, the apps, therapy #’s, men’s group info. He’s an amazing guy. I love him to death but I’m going to have a mental breakdown if he doesn’t try methods that work for him. We started counseling and I really wish we did it sooner. Anyways, this was my vent. It’s my last day before maternity leave and I know he doesn’t remember and it’s all just sad.
0f7d01fa0d6ad3e9b19df662bb515a19e43dd766c3c3a95179bb3a9923bf86a9;;;Who has divorced? Who has had success? How did you know? At a breaking point;;;I'm 37 and my husband (ADHD) is 36. We've been together 9 years, married 5. We have a 4 year old and a 1 year old. We've already separated once, 2 years ago, and that was when he was eventually diagnosed. He was going to therapy and stopped as soon as we reconciled. He is on medication, but hasn't followed up with learning any coping or life skills. His behaviour is very typical so I won't detail it all, but being married to him is very lonely, I feel the weight of the world on my shoulders, and I feel very unloved. My biggest issues (out of the many) are the constant criticism and that he doesn't care to spend time with me or be intimate with me (he would rather drink by himself every night and sleep on the couch than be with me, he doesn't kiss or hug me or hold my hand or sit next to me, never initiates sex... you get the point). The most recent breaking point is when he punched a hole in the wall in the kitchen because he was mad while our 1 year old was sitting in the high chair.  I go between feeling numb and so so sad. I feel like I've been begging someone to love me, to just be nice to me, for almost a decade. I don't want our daughters to have to grow up with their mom and dad not together, but also don't want them to grow up in a house with constant conflict and thinking that the way their dad treats me is the way their husbands should treat them.  I really feel like, even though I don't want to, divorce is the only way to bring us all peace. Is it possible to have a fulfilling and loving marriage? Or is this just the way it is? How do I decide?
38f0c88a3e3b6c1924f882482d18333210671837ebe0da925fa34ff72fcc0997;;;NDX partner denies having any issues;;;Hello.  My (25f) partner (23F) of 5+ years has a lot of symptoms and ways of being that are very relatable to ADHD and even reads the ADHD subreddit frequently and tells me “oh my god I totally relate to this” pretty much every time she reads something. Yet, she refuses to get any kind of help or even just to go and find out if she has ADHD or something of that nature because “what if it’s just how I am?” Or “nope. I’m fine, I’m just a mess.”  This drives me crazy cause to me if you clearly are unable to focus on things and have a lot of textbook symptoms and life is getting harder and harder to manage you would go get some help to make it manageable since it’s affecting literally everything around you. She doesn’t get this and I don’t know what to do.  I’m honestly just trying to find a way to support her whether or not she gets diagnosed.  So say all that to say, any one have advice on how I can learn to help her/manage my frustrations when it comes to things that she can’t seem to help?
a2ffc36e8905dc96666e1b6cc9153d06bbe8cf77f09a9c6c99a30d5a758bfbea;;;The guy (27m) I (25f) am dating became incredibly distant at the snap of a finger. Is this ADHD or is this something else?;;;Hi. I’ve been seeing a guy a couple months. I think it’s been going great. He usually communicates regularly everyday then FaceTimes me in the evening. He moved about an hour away for work, so we only see each other once a week now.   I’ll admit I don’t know much about ADHD. We’re still dating, I’m doing my best to be a good friend to him and a supportive and caring partner. But last night had me in tears.   I had a truly awful day. Which I’ll say is very rare. I thought he would be a constant, this one thing I wouldn’t have to worry about that day. Instead he just ghosted me. It was like pulling teeth to get him to reply. In the few texts he did send, he said some days he doesn’t have much to say, and added that his mind is like a “tornado” right now trying to figure things out.   Is this normal behavior of an ADHD partner? In the past few months this has never happened. Could someone maybe help me understand?? Please be kind. Thanks.
4158af2df1b53b2d487ee715e33e9737cb66263186f059e8f24f55374f741d9b;;;Miserable- How do I cope with my husbands ADHD. Starting medication and it’s not helping.;;;Hello. Sorry I’m typing this in anger and frustration. I’ve been married for 2 years now and have been in a relationship for 6 years. I have known from the beginning that my husband had ADHD. But we both did not know how deeply rooted it was involved in most of our issues. My husband struggles to hold down a job/ do well in work. I thought for a very long time he was just a lazy/messy guy. I get frustrated with his lack of help around the house. I also just thought he was just not a very hard worker. We found few ADHD pages that really opened our eyes to how badly his ADHD affects our daily lives. You may ask, “why did you mary him if he had all of those bad qualities”. I did it because right in the midst of a breakup he was always very good at getting better for a short period of time. That’s when our relationship almost feels perfect. But soon after marriage, his ADHD kicked in again full fledge. He is finally trying medication for the first time. It’s not working on him. He’s taking 20mg and nothing is working. He’s angry about it and letting his frustration out on me. In return I am saying hurtful things to him that I know doesn’t make things any better. I just don’t know what to do anymore. I’m exhausted. I understand it’s hard for him too. But I just feel so depleted and i don’t have the patients for this anymore. This feels impossible. Did you have the same experience? I feel so alone...
24778218d8bcf0a9eb76787d241d5db4dfec74189ea5e27af21e8a87abb7a537;;;Being married to ADD/ADHD is the most painful relationship I’ve been in;;;I understand everybody struggles &amp;amp; everyone has issues, but I really don’t think there’s a worse match than being tricked (how I feel for mine) into marriage by an ADD ADHD person, when they Know they’re ADD ADHD and they **CHOSE** to Not say anything about it (this is my life—he told me AFTER we married—and pretends like it Doesn’t have an effect on our relationship)  I wish I could turn back time &amp;amp; Not marry them—the neglect, ignoring, explosive temper, being the last priority is not what I thought of when I said vows, “to love and **cherish** ‘til death do us part”.  I don’t want to hear the, “have mercy on them” spiel as I repeat that daily—if not Hourly—to myself.  What I want to hear is Hope—hope that he Can change; hope from others success stories in being prioritized by their spouse, or, hire they make the sexless, neglectful, parent/child, “unfuckable roommates” marriage work for them.
ad988ff138cc659baebbd5d08edec3343001f1f981dfa146761896bc3ced0aac;;;Feeling like I can’t continue on with my DX significant other;;;Hi all,  I’m new here. My boyfriend (26) and I (24f) have been together for over 6 years. He was diagnosed as a child. Our issues are his sporadic ways, not be able to communicate well with me about his feelings and not putting my feeling and myself first in many situations. We have tried to work on these things in the past but I am feeling like we aren’t getting far. I feel like I’m grasping at straws because I don’t want to break up with him. But I was hoping maybe I could find some clarity from this sub. We both acknowledge his ADHD but he hasn’t tried to get any help because he doesn’t want to be put on meds and for the most part he is handling it okay. I personally don’t know much about ADHD besides the symptoms he deals with. What options would you suggest we look into? Any ways to cope that don’t involve meds I can suggest to him?   Thank you for your help and input, I appreciate it.
661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;Seeking advice: ADHD combined with OCD;;;My wife and I have been married for almost 14 years (together for 16). We have 2 children ages 4 and 7. In the last year my wife has been diagnosed with both OCD and ADHD. Learning about her diagnosis and finding groups like this have really validated the frustration and loneliness I have dealt with for the last decade of my life. I have put up so many defense mechanisms and built my entire life around not upsetting the delicate balance of my wife's mood. It has exhausted me to a level I couldn't fathom. She is on meds now which kind of help, but the two diagnosis are so intertwined it's hard to tell how much. She has also been working with her therapist to go through exposure therapy for her OCD, which is its own challenge to say the least.   Is there anyone that has been through something like this?  I'm so tired. How did you make it to the other side?  How can I build new ways of communicating with her?  We are going to be doing marital therapy, but haven't started yet. Any help, advice, or solace would go a long way.
2f8c5771719f177c5907c18d453028f081aa9035f8c25cebf08c6cd567c9dc6e;;;Is this ADHD or just how my husband is?;;;My husband holds all the ADHD characteristics and I have no doubt that he has it, but he's refused to go get a proper diagnosis.  I've  been dealing with all his flaws like forgetfulness, lack of awareness, focus, lack of motivation, emotions, empathy, and so on and it is extremely tiring.  Something happened the other day and it sort of pushed me to the edge and I'm depressed now.    We went to a beach for a walk.  It was a hot sunny day and the place was packed.  At the time, my city had a policy where you have to either wear face coverings or keep social distancing.  It was so packed that in some area, it was almost impossible to keep the distance and I was shocked to see so many people without face coverings.  We had masks of course and we were walking along the shoreline.  At one point we were passing by a family sitting down on the beach without masks and somehow their teenage kid got really close to me.  Her mom, instead of telling the kid to keep distance, told me to stay away and then followed by a nasty comment by the teenage kid.  I was in shock and couldn't comprehend what had happened and by the time I figured it out we had already walked passed them.  I didn't deserve the nasty comments from the family and it completely ruined my mood.  I didn't want to go home like that so on the way to the car, we sat on a bench in a park that overlooks the ocean.   My husband didn't say anything  at all about the event and was watching youtube on this phone.    I just thought that he was being extremely insensitive.   I don't expect him to notice small stuff, but this?  I was expecting him to at least say 'Are you okay'?   What's the point of having a life partner who doesn't care of your well being?  or doesn't protect you from harmful situation?  How does he not know what happened to me when he was walking right by me?    The thing is this wasn't the first time something like this happened.  We were at the same spot at the same time but he was completely clueless as to what happened to me as his mind was busy with something else.    After the beach incident, I became very depressed and became distant, but he still has no clue and avoiding me.  He is probably thinking that I'm mad at him but I'm just really depressed and desperately wanting to see he cares.  I'm just really tired of initiating conversation as that's what I have been doing for the last 10 years we've been together.    Do you have an episode like this with your ADHD partner?   Do I just have to continue to accept his behavior if we want to stay together?
eafb5d8e012929eb31438f3e6d83f789127e90b619641758723f58847f4731fa;;;I have to be less controlling but don’t know how;;;I’ve received feedback from my ADHD husband multiple times that I’m controlling and that I disregard his opinions on things that we should make a decision as a team. Or what I do makes him feel like he is not capable of doing things. He says that it hurts his feelings that we always end up doing things my way because I think it is better etc. and I just go ahead and enforce it. He is seeing a therapist and says that he is trying to work on setting boundaries based on the recommendation of the therapist.   It’s hard to take criticism in general for me (he made a comment about my inability to take criticism before too) and I tend to get really defensive and it’s something I’m trying to be better at. The reason I’m posting on this subreddit is because I feel like my controlling stems from anxiety (which I’ve been to therapy for) and feeling like I need to control everything in order to make sure he doesn’t get upset.   For example, the other night we were trying to scoop some soup into a container. We both were a little high at the time. He and I had a conversation about how he is pretty clumsy in general (he brought it up), so as he was about to scoop the soup, I said I’d do it and took the spoon from him. He told me immediately it hurt his feelings that I just decided that I would do it without even asking him if I could do it. I explained my reasoning was because we had a previous conversation about his clumsiness and that I didn’t want him getting upset if he spilled it. In the past seven years we’ve been together I’ve seen numerous times how he would drop or spill something and his anger would skyrocket and it just felt like the worst thing in the world for him and he would beat himself about stuff like that. And I was just trying to prevent that from happening. He acknowledged it but said he wanted me to know it hurt him.   Like I mentioned earlier he has said something similar to me multiple times in other situations. We’ve discussed couple therapy but before we get there I thought I’d ask on some advice here. I might delete this post later but would appreciate your advice.
9f26d771eaeebafb1d61c70ebe33a504fcbd7f7b053741a2310d04c4b75aa79a;;;I don't know what to do anymore. My brain is a mess and I need advice from a NT female;;;Me (31, male, DX) and my partner (33, female, NT) of 26 months have been constantly hurt by each other in the past year. I have been diagnosed and medicated (20mg Dexedrine daily) for about a year now. I'm at the point tonight where I can't think straight. I'm visually losing focus on everything. I'm shaking. I'm consumed with stress and I don't know how to parse any of my thoughts. I tried writing a few things down from our last argument about 2 hours ago.  I think what I need right now is to get some feedback from a NT female who is also dealing with a DX male of around the same age.  I am overwhelmed, daily, by a feeling of inadequacy. I feel like I am failing. What makes things worse, is when ever I express this to my partner, I get told that I don't try enough. I get told that I don't do enough for her emotionally, that she has to basically fight for hugs and kisses, that she has to fight for me to say nice things to her. The truth is, I feel like such a failure, I feel so ashamed, I feel like I have so much to say, but I feel like I'm not allowed. There has not been one time in the past year that I have gotten a complete thought out, from start to finish, unless I get mad and tell her to please let me speak, but I shouldn't have to do that. I should be able to get my thoughts out without fear of criticism or fear that I'll be interrupted and my thought become mashed to pieces because of my very poor short term memory.  I asked her tonight why she's choosing to do this. Why she's choosing to be with someone who allegedly doesn't give her enough emotional support. She told me there has been a lot of great memories between us and likes being with me.  It might be important to state a few facts. She is working and supporting our household. I am working on becoming an Engineer through distance studies. Currently, I have no financial income at all, so I tend to be the caretaker for both of our needs in our household. I have a student loan and a grant helping me take care of education costs.  Tonight, I told her that I was stressed, that I'm suffering daily. That quickly got quashed by her telling me that I'm too negative and she's stressed too. The thing is, I hear her, I know what she's saying, I listen to her and I believe I do a very good job in limiting how often I interrupt her telling me her thoughts... however I feel she does that for me in return. Why is this? She gets upset as soon as I mention anything about my thoughts.  She often tells me she researches what ADHD is, what it does, how it causes the mental anguish we (the DX and NDX) all feel. She often tells me that she feels I don't care enough, that I don't say enough, that I don't try enough. She also tells me I am extraordinarily negative, that I should "have a more positive outlook on everything".  I want to know how my visible suffering, how my obvious physical manifestations of stress, how my life being upside down (at the moment), how all that possibly couldn't be construed as TRYING? I am trying so damn hard every damn day and I don't know how else I could possibly show I'm trying.  So please, please, please, can someone of the female NT variety - in the situation my partner is in - provide any sort of guidance into what I'm doing wrong and what I can do to fix it, if anything. I am lost. I don't know what to do. I feel like this relationship is going to end and I am powerless to fix it.
fc1a47517083634f333e9c3b860315ddd7251ecd65094aa978f2f443c39984ee;;;New ADHD partner looking for advice from the vets;;;I (23F) am in a new relationship with an amazing man (22M) who has ADHD. Before meeting him I knew absolutely nothing about It. Im looking for advice from people in more long-term relationships with a partner who has ADHD. Even though we’ve only been together a few months I really believe I’ll be with him for a long time, and am looking to learn more so we can be set up for a successful future. I want to be supportive while also looking out for my own needs in the relationship.   Anything you wish you knew before you started dating?   Any random tips/advice that you’ve learned?  Anything that really helps/makes things worse?   Ways to cope with the issues that stem from ADHD tendencies such as forgetting plans, time management, etc.?   TIA!
a33419e40c4e4d6b7de282113ca21c970d7999221f49673100d73228d35be568;;;A Tool that has helped me and my (DX) partner communicate our needs;;;Hi all! This is my first ever post, but I've felt really validated reading through everyone's experiences, and wanted to share a phone app that has been good for my bf and myself.  My co-habitating partner was diagnosed with ADHD as an adolescent (which I think was a huge blessing) and is medicated. In a lot of ways, after 5 months of quarantining together in a small apartment, the stressors in our relationship were amplified. Without diving in too much, a lot of the tension in our relationship came from the fact that I didn't feel heard in casual conversation, and his frequent distraction would leave me feeling lonely and disinteresting.   Anyways, we both downloaded something called "Love Nudge" and I think it's been good for us. It's an application that we both have on our phone and our accounts are somehow linked. You start out by both taking a quiz on your love language, which is a fun little exploration. But the main feature that I'm grateful for is you can update your "Love Tank" percentage (I know, a little hokey). When I decrease my number, he gets a notification on his phone. This is a way of letting him know that I'm feeling a little ignored, or lonely, or whatever without having to go find him and start a familiar conversation. You can also set it up to remind you to like hold hands, or go for a walk together, or do something that reinforces your needs.  Basically, it's a focused way to just give him a little update on whether or not my needs are being met without launching into it. And it lets me know if he's getting what he needs from me, too.  Anyways, I hope this is useful to someone!  tldr: An app called "Love Nudge" has given my ADHD partner and I an easy, focused way to let the other know if we are getting what we need in the relationship.
f00d25b87b36d5bf63ca1c5da28e92f80133acef02239c61579a8acf74400e4d;;;Should I give him a last chance?;;;Hi guys,    So as the title hints I have separated with my NDX ADHD S/O.   Over the course of three years I have begged him to seek therapy for the many things he has going on with his life. He like many others have not had a great childhood in which, i think, has made him stuck a never ending cycle of procrastination, guilt and depression. I understand everyting that hes been through so i decided to seek help for him. I got him state insurance so he can seek this and help himself out. I had also gone ahead and sign him up for GED classes so he can better his job position. I did all this to help and stopped my involvement so he can do the rest as a responsible adult should, however, whenever it involved him doing something thats when the process haulted and nothing came out of the work I put in for him. Fine ok, i understand it’s too much of a big step maybe, but when we look at his behavior at home it’s worse. I have go to the extent of screaming at him for him to complete any task at home. Its an annoying cycle that I hate. Starts off with me asking nicely, him saying ok love then me asking again after it not being done him saying ok hold on then ends with me bitter and angry and screaming at him for making me wait days to weeks for the chore to be done and completely in its full. I finally had enough after three years. I told him I needed a break before I begin to hate him, which I really dont want to do. I love him. Point blank. I see my future with him. IF i didn’t have any expectations he would be my perfect match. But the unreliability he has in just day to day task angers me. I feel as if I am alone. I myself have my own issues that he never bothers to help. When I have my manic episodes he shuts me out and lets me deal on my own. Which is fine, i am better at handling it, but why do i have to deal with his issues if he can’t deal with mine? I signed up for a partnership and it looks like its more like I have to deal with everything. So I decided I needed a break before it got more serious, like having a kid. I dont want to raise a child where he sees mom and dad fight all the time.   It’s been a month since I said no more. He begged me to let him stay and we can just be roommates. So I did, he didnt have anywhere to go and prices for renting are ridiculous in our area. But as i said its been a whole month and now its back like we are a couple. He wont buy his mattress, which makes me feel bad and so I let him sleep with me. I dont see him improving anything. He still prefers to use his free time for hanging out with friends or just laze around the house. He still mishandles his money and wastes everything he has with no real savings. He blames his work schedule (10:30-8 5 days out of the week). We work in the same plant so he prefers to come to work with me and wait in the car until his shift starts so he wont take a 2 hour bus ride ( I start at 8). I tell him look get a license, please it will help you open your schedule a lot more and mine since i dont have to come pick you up and you wont have to wait in the mornings. He says he too scared of failing the driver test.   So point is I dont know what to do. I feel like I’m all hes got. But im tired of it being my problem. We arent married, we dont have kids. I have no real obligation but i still feel like i need to help but at this point i feel like im enabling this behavior.
93d4fe96bafc13b75e7a8a66fd16ef99a3ac840be55ec32c7798cc9326ca9a7c;;;So I’m not the only one?;;;I feel like I just need someone to validate my feelings and maybe share some experiences. I have been with my boyfriend for over a year now. We have been off and on numerous of times and it is getting to the point where I am just sick of it and want to let the relationship go. He has adhd really bad to where I always have to ask him if he has his wallet, keys, or phone before we leave the house because he usually forgets on of these items. He is really smart and hyper-focuses on different things that catch his interest. For example, he is obsessed with making money right now and becoming a millionaire so he wants to have 3 full time jobs....He works IT so he has the ability to work some days remote. Right now he is working two jobs and he will start the third job in a couple of weeks. He fails to see how impactful this will be to our already frail relationship. Am I being unreasonable or are my feelings valid? Also he doesn’t like taking his medication (vyvanse) because he doesn’t like the way it makes him feel and he has been taking adhd medication since he was 4 years old. I guess what my question is-  how do you get someone to see your perspective? Is this type of behavior normal? I find myself retaliating with anger and I don’t know what to do.
ebafe55575b13d15dfc2f66ac6e3e2460f8431536d4b6e29c8a559fa6ce8afb4;;;Similarities between adhd and narcissistic personality disorder?;;;Have any of you ever been confused about if your partner has adhd or npd (or both)?  I read in both this sub and the sub narcissisticabuse, and many symptoms are the same (but the response in this sub is alot more forgiving).  I rubs me the wrong way, because my partner uses his adhd diagnosis to continue behaviour that is abusive. Many of the posts I read in this sub, sounds abusive too - but people (generally women) are accepting thats just how it is. I dont get it.
02ae876172a852bfbbe55fecb013cf4d5a1460d7304c410de9cfe235b1b50e88;;;Anyone else have a slightly controlling partner? (23M DX);;;I'm 24, and slowly it's kind of been feeling like I'm not allowed to enjoy things anymore.  &amp;#x200B;  He won't let me play league of legends when I want to, I have to sneak games in when he's not around but it's too much effort and his belittling of the game has made me lose a lot of interest in it. He won't let me watch anime when he's not around (BECAUSE I MIGHT WANT TO WATCH THE ANIME YOU WATCH) and when he is around, he's too absorbed in hours of youtube videos of smash brothers/general video game content (he's trying to get in to the local smash scene) to watch any anime at all with me.   &amp;#x200B;  I am the house keeper, but I like doing it. I have DX OCD and it makes me feel calmer when I have something to sort or clean. I just wish he wouldn't be so rude about it either. Just yesterday he bluntly told me, without any tone in his voice to convey a joke and actually kind of sounding quite upset over it, "We have A SINGLE fork, when are you going to fix that?" when he could've just asked me nicely to unload the dishwasher. He's just been kind of getting subtley more rude as he speaks to me and I don't appreciate how it's going. It started out as small stuff, like if I wore his shirts after sex and we went to get fast food, he would notice holes in the shirts I wore and ask me to fix it. Lately it's been more of an "UGH NICE SHIRT, WHERE'D YOU GET IT?" and when I respond with "YOUR laundry that I CLEANED for you", he'll just walk away in a huff or find a shirt on the floor (that he tosses there even though I have put an effort in to putting a laundry basket AND garbage basket IN EVERY ROOM OF OUR APARTMENT THAT MAKES SENSE TO TAKE YOUR CLOTHES OFF IN TO GET HIM TO STOP THIS) and toss it at me, barking at me to "fix it".  I have to put HIS clothes away in an order that makes sense to HIM and FOLD all his laundry (before him I'd just toss it in a drawer cuz I can't give literally two shits about wrinkles that take half a second to steam out) before I put it away. He won't even let me play some video games with the sound slightly down or off; I'm very sensory sensitive and this has caused me to not want to play video games all that much anymore at all, because some games have ABSOLUTE GARBAGE sound equalization and it hurts my ears.   &amp;#x200B;  Recently, we got in to a fight because I like to use private internet browsing on my phone. He's already gotten me to stop using it on my laptop (so he's going to see this post when he gets home from work; he's constantly going through my internet history/reddit messages/facebook notifications/etc) but he started pitching a huge fit when he saw I was using private browsing on my phone about 6 months ago. I don't like using general browsing, it makes me safer to use private because my dad raised me to be aware of internet safety and security. His response was that he has huge paranoid fits, and how is he going to be able to check to see what I'm doing if I have private browsing on all the time? If I loved him, I would stop using private browsing so much.  &amp;#x200B;  I kinda feel like I'm not allowed to have my own interests anymore, and he shames me when I try to develop interests that I know he'll drop like a hot rock because he's too easily distracted to be able to follow up on them. I love him to death but every time I try to tell him I want to do things like watch anime or use private browsing, he'll tell me I don't love him/that I'm not a professional (the private browsing thing: I tried to tell him that it would just be enabling his paranoid condition if I just bent to his whims so easily, he said I wasn't a professional so I can't tell him what's good and bad for his paranoia even though I've been through paranoid episodes and have been through treatment for them)  &amp;#x200B;  Does anyone else deal with this and how do you overcome it?
e686c1246c3efedca2eba8e90330147ee336f67603e1c63348353da98373cd99;;;DX Husband of 3 years has trouble waking up on his own in the morning.;;;Writing this as I have LOADS of time before work today because my husband "forgot he set up a new alarm" that makes him solve a math problem before it turns off, and thought 5:30am was the normal time we wake up.  It's never been 5am anything. My watch is set at 6:45.  I feel like he just doesn't think or at least not about my needs, and it feels so incredibly selfish to me. Before he takes his medication he is INCREDIBLY irritable and has issues with sensory processing that he's been working on in therapy. Mornings are rough.  Forcing yourself to solve a problem while the loudest alarm in the world is going off is not ideal for sensory processing... I had to yell the number to him because he was on the couch trying to restart his phone or turn it off, but the app locked until he put the number in. Ended with both of us yelling. Him at the phone, me at him. :(  A normal morning he'll wake up as I'm getting ready or I wake him up around 7:30 "XXX, you're going to be late" and find him on the couch where he passed out after fighting insomnia with snacks (still left out, of course). When I tell him he should probably get up he starts stomping around because he's "mad his alarms didn't go off" (They did. He just sleeps through them.) and is quick to fight, with me, even with the sink last week because it didn't turn on right.  Mornings have been a recurring fight for us lately. Do I just need to find some way of moving my routine up and just leaving him in the house? I know he needs to fail, so that my be the case I'm just frustrated I don't get a break (cannot sleep in for my job sometimes).  I struggle with him like this because mornings are pretty sacred for me and I like to take my time to do my routine and set a tone for the day.  Tired. Help.  Any tips we can use to have better mornings?
17d67533b142a7aca7d5a46f0b7a8ccb1849f1b160bf6d0558b5d6b63c7aa192;;;Needing another stimulus in order to have a conversation. Is this an excuse or a valid need?;;;My boyfriend (diagnosed ADHD partner) and I (non ADHD), in the grand scheme of things, are doing well. We laugh together, do important things together. But the one area we are constantly getting stuck in right now is communication. Granted, our communication styles are different  as he is more extroverted and I am introverted.  So a typical conversation will start with me talking about a college exam I aced and other little things about my day. And he will be fidgeting on his phone or staring at screens or looking at the fan and responding with minimal yes and nos. And then when he wants to talk, he says things like, "look look look at what I did! Come here and see this thing I did!" And I will utilize every fiber of my being to engage and focus on what he is doing.  It just seems unfair.  I give him 100% attention and he gives me about 60% while looking at something else. (He explicitly told me this) and when he wants my attention he wants 100% of it and I do. Sometimes I want to give him a taste of what it feels like. He isn't sassy or manipulative. He cried telling me that he has tried all his life to not let the condition ruin relationships of all kinds. He currently isn't medicated but he was when he was a teenager. He didn't like it because he said it made him feel dead   I feel hurt, I feel like it isn't fair, but yet I'm trying to understand. I feel defeated because I don't know if I am willing to submit to this for the rest of my life.  Any advice?
7cf7d13de78dfe7901b998b2c2ad80cf5c33696562705dd0e09c866a564e0b96;;;My Experience Dating an ADHD 18 y/o Male;;;Hi, I'm 16 and was dating someone with ADHD for about a year and a half. We are off and on every week, more like every day, and I am starting to really feel numb to it all.   I have read countless of articles about this and have realized how he sees my "nagging" and "yelling" but when he ignores me countless of times, puts me on the bottom of his list, lies about having to go do something else whenever I try to tell him what he is doing, it really gets me frustrated.  It feels like he is taking advantage of me, I would clean up his room because I heard it helps him to keep clutter down. He would give me one thank you and continue playing his game like nothing has change. After I spent hours doing this for you, you are just like "oh cool" and continued on with your life.  I feel so undervalued.  I buy him food, I wash his clothes, I spend my money that I earn to make him happy and he does nothing for me. AT ALL. He gives me a half-hearted thanks and leaves me to go fishing with his friends.   I was crying to him about how I feel pushed away and used and he told me to shut up because he has been doing stuff all day and was tired. It just hurt me more and I started saying how I'm not happy with you, how I don't want to stay in this relationship and all he said was "goodnight, I love you, talk to you later" and hung up, turned off his phone.   I'm starting to think that this is not his ADHD, it's just him.  He picks and choose whenever he wants to treat me nice. I liked him because of how similar taste we had, but it's just buried in all the crap he was done to me.   He always say, "I want to treat you like royalty and take you out on dates and dinner, all of it" Well, he was been saying this for months. He puts no effort into getting a job. His mom has to sign him up for everything and force him to better himself, which he doesn't.   I have given his hundreds of chances. It's starting to effect my health, I have an IBD. I keep telling him, being on medicine isn't a bad thing. I am on medicine too. It helps, it doesn't make you seem weak.  I'm starting to wish I never met him and I wish he would forget me like everything else that's "important" to him. Sorry, if this is bashing anyone with ADHD. I just don't know what's him and what's his ADHD.  This was a rant, oops, but help me!
ae062955158d42efe2b5317e6114cd4c6d7f3ceb38e2508885596c814fccbec5;;;Coping mechanisms and skills for social impulse control;;;TLDR**My Dx'd and medicated partner is having a hard time with impulsively agreeing to social events that are unsafe during the pandemic despite multiple conversations about safe pandemic protocols and the rules we agreed to follow as a partnership/team.**  He gets very emotionally invested and excited for events that he gets invited to even though they're not safe. When I explain he shouldnt go because there aren't enough safety measures in place, and it puts him, his roommates, and could put me at risk too, with some back and forth he does back down but is very sad about the perceived rejection.   This issue is compounding because it's the same issue with family related things and events, and they are also unsafe during the pandemic.   I'm not sure what to do when it feels like no matter how many times we talk and agree on a plan, it doesn't seem to matter. We've had multiple situations now where this is an issue. I feel at my wits end about it because I feel like I can't trust him to be safe or follow through on our agreements in my absence.   **Has anyone experienced this with their partner, or experienced this themselves? Do you have any coping mechanisms, experiences or frames of reference that helped you to tune out the impulse? I feel so lost and desperate.**
5f23353e69567c3cc1875b28f45bed63d102e05d497935096193bffcc26d324a;;;New routine;;;My hubby (diagnosed/no meds) works swing shift and on Tuesdays he does a morning jujitsu class. He has to go straight from jujitsu to work. This has led to him leaving stuff at home that he needs for work. Our youngest also has PREK in the morning on Tuesdays.   Rather than him running home when he forgets something (this happens quite often), he met me at our sons school for pick up. It’s between work and home and close by the gym.   So now every Tuesday we met at the school a little early and sit and talk in my car. Our son gets to see his dad for a few extra minutes. His forgetfulness was the catalyst for the few extra minutes of time together on Tuesdays.   Just wanted to share something positive! Hope everyone has an amazing day today!
5f6e08ad614609b58c34badfeaa550836f57761ce9a3f8905b8713ef6638445e;;;How to survive the transition to parenthood;;;All the ADHD relationship books that I've read warned that things could get really, really hard when you have your first kid. I tried to prepare for that. But... man. Before baby, things were already so slanted and I had so much on my back. Add a baby to that, and my life has finally fallen to pieces. I have more on my plate than is humanly possible to do. I keep begging my husband for help, and bless him, he is trying to be better. But his efforts have lifted so little off me that it's made little difference to my life, and now he is so bitter than I am not more appreciative of what he does.  I have tried so hard to stagger on under my load, but it's taking a toll. This really came home earlier this week when I actually passed out--I'd pushed my body farther than it can go. But my husband refuses to believe it has any connection to that. He thinks I must have been dehydrated or maybe depressed, but that his demands on me are not unreasonable. All week I have been totally crashed and physically drained. I've spent most days at my parents' home where they take care of baby and try to help me rest. My boss agreed to let me take some unpaid time off since I used all my sick leave on maternity leave. Everyone has been really understanding, except my husband, who keeps urging me to get back to work or to come home to get dinner on the table.   My situation is a bit extreme, but I know transitioning to parenthood with an ADHD spouse is often hard because so much falls on you that you can't keep up anymore. Anyone out there have any encouraging words or tips on how we can get through this?
624dc5fe0fbb9e0bf2e43f5321994ed428b5cb8dbddfb8b6255c39e152a90332;;;Working from home is making my partner's ADHD symptoms so much worse... Just need to vent;;;My partner (we're both women; been together 5 years) has been working from home since March because of covid. It seems unlikely that her company will have them come back to the office for at least a few more months. The lack of that structure from not physically going to the office is wreaking havoc on BOTH of our mental health. Her symptoms have been out of control. She's always messy and forgetful but it's worse than normal. And because she's trapped inside all day, she has all this energy with nowhere to go and she ends up not falling asleep until 2am or later. I'm sick of going to bed alone. I work 2 jobs for shit money, and one of them is so stressful right now that I cried in the break room the other day. It feels like whenever I'm not working, I'm at home doing all of the housework and cleaning up all her messes. I am so tired. Yesterday I worked from 6:30 am to 5 pm, then went to the grocery store to get things to make a nice Christmas Eve dinner, and I got drenched in the rain. Then I got home and threw together a quick dinner, and this morning, Christmas Eve, I spent the last hour cleaning up the kitchen and a bunch of her little messes. She's still asleep. I'm awake so early because her phone alarm kept going off and she kept hitting snooze instead of turning the alarm off, and got mad when I told her to give me the phone so I could turn it off myself. We have already had arguments before about the stupid phone alarms. She is already on the maximum dose of Vyvanse. I feel so unappreciated and disrespected for everything I do to try and maintain our household while working as much as she does but for about 60% of the income, which is so demoralizing, and then makes me feel like I SHOULD be the one taking on hours and hours of housework a week since she brings in so much more income. I actually would like to do couple's therapy, but I don't know how that would even be possible to try and make work with 3 job schedules, and we probably can't afford it anyway. I'm afraid I'm going to absolutely explode soon and I don't want to be screaming at my girlfriend for something I know she does actually try about.
3b665c5060d9abafc62d10e14ac0705d348cf43fe03faf52ef0df862d193c205;;;Anxiety and ADHD husband;;;Do any other NT spouses struggle with anxiety? For context, my Husband is diagnosed but untreated for his ADHD. I have been diagnosed with an Anxiety Disorder, for which I am medicated and in therapy for.  I feel like the uncertainty and lack of accountability caused by my husband's ADHD is contributing or at least exacerbating my anxiety issues, and I am having a hard time healing. Wondering what tasks he will forget is very stressful. Being in charge of delegation and task manager is weighing on me. I would love to remind him to do something once and be able to consider it done, but it usually takes two or three prompts for him to handle a task. Which causes me to worry, and feeds into my desire to check and re-check.  When it comes to administrative task, my husband is completely incapable to completing things on his own. To the point where I get so frustrated I just do them for him. But this has created an expectation. He now expects me to handle that side of his life, which has made me very resentful. I know I should let him fail on his own, but worrying about the repercussions of leaving things undone just causes me so much stress.   I wish I could tune out his problems sometimes and just concentrate on my own life.
4af73a2a4f1e116407cc2bb99fd546a5e7d6b535bd89339fc88f6d72ea1d51fd;;;Guilt;;;Background: my partner is diagnosed but not medically treated  &amp;#x200B;  Does anyone else feel guilt after you've lost your patience? Now that I'm learning all of the ins and outs of the disorder, everything is starting to make sense. I'd like to believe I'm a very patient person. It'll often take weeks, even months before something really really gets to me.  Or being snapped at several times within a few hours.     I lost my patience and broke down. I just kept thinking "why can't he be timely," "why can't he be more cautious," "why can't he \[insert non-ADHD behavior here\]" and then I became overwhelmed with guilt for even thinking that. (Shout out to PTSD from a past abusive situation for likely contributing towards that guilt). I know why he can't. I'm losing my patience - that's becoming the hardest part about this. I'm literally losing part of *myself* because of *his* untreated disorder.      I feel out of place asking him to be medicated as I'm not a health care provider. I really don't think I can handle much more of this relationship if he doesn't though. I'm losing patience and gaining resentment towards him, resentment towards myself, and guilt.
14d07151fd2ea5c797243f153431d4311b4bde5138cf452117357a744d839276;;;Husband’s medication-Ritalin;;;Hi everyone, My husband has been taking Ritalin on and off this past week because he is working on a promotion packet for work and it’s really helping him focus and complete it. I’m loving it too because he’ll do more household chores without me even asking (we also got the audio book “adhd in marriage” and we’re going to listen to it together).  Anyway, He is a big very muscular guy who weighs almost 300 lbs. He only takes 10 mg Ritalin which lasts for about 6-7 hours.   My question is about the headache he gets with it- it seems to happen as it is wearing off. If he were to take it daily and consistently instead of sporadically would the headaches likely go away as his body gets used to it? He also gets decreased appetite and we think that maybe not eating enough is contributing to the headaches too.  Thank you!
661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;Therapy isn't going to be easy;;;I apologize in advance for not knowing the abbreviations.   My ADHD wife, still working on finding the right medication, and I have started couples therapy. We each see our individual counselors, but we realized we needed relationship help bad. This week was our second session. I have been feeling so alone and taken for granted, but somehow by the end of the session I was painted to be the reason for the problems we are having. Somehow she hijacked the conversation and turned into an hour long ranting session about how I am not open enough with my feelings and judge her too much for being over emotional. By the end of it, I felt like the bad guy. What the actual fuck happened?  How did she jiu jitsu that conversation back into me like that?  I was stunned and infuriated.   I realized, though, that's how most of our "serious" talks go.  I trigger her defenses and she flips everything back on me. The problem is that she doesn't do it in an obvious confrontational fashion. Instead, she deftly shifts the conversation, then makes it about something completely different. While I'm still trying to figure out what the hell happened she turns it on me and turns me into the villain. And she's been doing this for the last decade. I hate it.   I hate talking to my wife.  I realize it's only session 2. I realize she is less than a year into being aware of her diagnosis. I realize that she hasn't found the right medication yet.   But I hate talking to my wife.  I probably should have out this into the weekly rant section. Thanks for wasting a few minutes of your day reading this. I'm open to advice and certainly to any words of encouragement.  I'm devastated.  I hate talking to my wife...and I hate myself for saying it.
a97d854bfe0a76270e320e024084997bf3d6a043f054814bb1d8da7397622c55;;;Bizarre (possibly manipulative) behavior;;;My SO and I both have ADHD though she has the combined type -c and I have primarily inattentive. I was diagnosed and medicated as a teen while she has only recently started treatment.  Lately she's been displaying some confusing behavior and I'm not sure if it can be attributed to the condition or if there is some malicious intent or another condition present.  Basically she is highly reactive/argumentative/offended by completely benign statements or observations.  For example while making breakfast I commented that a certain brand of creamer is so much better than this other kind. She angrily told me that was just my opinion. She has never expressed preference over this item before and has no reason to take this observation personally.  The other night I pointed out that our dogs fur looks funny (he'd been licking it so it was standing on end) and she snapped at me "no it doesn't. That's just how it is"  She has told me in the past not to use absolutes. I'm not allowed to make concrete statements about things, or be sure of a fact I'm stating. She wants me to use 'soft language' like "I think", "maybe", "that could be" and avoid words like "never", always", "all". She claims her coworkers and friends and people on podcasts speak this way and that I should too. It's as if I'm not permitted to have a differing opinion or thought.   No one else in my life has ever reacted this way to my communication style. I can tell she's having a real, emotional reaction to these interactions that otherwise have nothing to do with her. She also only behaves this way around me as I've heard friends say similar things she may disagree with and she will laugh it off or agree with them.  I'm wondering if this is some extreme form of RSD that she only experiences around me or if she's struggling with some narcissism. If anyone has had similar experiences I would love to hear! And thanks for reading.   TLDR - SO offended at benign statements, expects me to speak with meekness and uncertainty
f27b259475eb23d61a939dd30efe7d8b8ed58f56d98a585962d3e4e974de6d82;;;Not sure where to begin...;;;Wife DX.  Let me start by saying that I am 29(M), my wife is 30(F). We have been married 9 years, and have 2 daughters, ages 8 &amp; 1. My wife was diagnosed with ADHD by a licensed psychiatrist early 2019.   We met when we were both 18, began a relationship, and almost instantly she started talking about marriage. Both of our families are part of a very fundamentalist subculture of Christianity(large families/anti birth control, homeschooling, etc.) so the idea of getting married young &amp; quickly was encouraged by both our parents, and did not seem odd in the social circles we were part of. Two of my older siblings had done the same, so we forged ahead.  Our relationship began in August 2009, and our wedding was March 2010. Nearly as quickly as she had started marriage talk at the beginning of our relationship, now she wanted to talk about having children. I now understand that her desire to leap into these big decisions so quickly is probably caused by impulsivity due to her ADHD...  Other odd things began to crop up in our relationship. One day I returned home from work to discover she had adopted a kitten, without talking to me, our landlord, anyone. I had made it clear to her from the beginning that I have allergies that would prevent us from EVER having an indoor pet, but I was just met with an endless string of rationalizations:  "It was just so cute!","Your sister was with me and she egged me on","What if I wash it with special hypoallergenic shampoo everyday?" etc.  Try as I might, I couldn't get her to see that I was hurt by her making a big decision without considering me at all. It seemed as if the decision tree in her brain had only 2 paths:   Is it fun/exciting/novel/easy? --&gt; Do it!  Is it boring/tedious/difficult? --&gt; Don't do it!  Things like this led to A LOT confusion and resentment on my part, but I felt like my time was increasingly spent making sure things in life didn't fall apart. And when I did express to her, "Hey babe, it seems as if you are only interested in having fun for yourself &amp; I feel like you don't think about how things effect me" an enormous fight would ensure("WHY DO YOU HATE FUN?!" "YOU ALWAYS RUIN EVERYTHING" etc.)  We had our first child the year after we were married(turns out the rhythm method isn't super reliable), and she immediately wanted another, so our first born wouldn't be lonely. It was quite taxing on me, both emotionally and financially, when we had our first child as I was the only one working and we were totally unprepared. I tried to communicate to her the level of stress I felt, and how unprepared I felt we were for one child, let alone another(I wanted to save for a house downpayment and emergency fund). She responded by lashing out numerous times at how "materialistic" I was.   This was the cycle that continued for the next 4-5 years. My income increased over this time, but our financial disagreements did as well. We would sit down in front of a spreadsheet or with pen and paper, and I would walk her through each category in our budget giving her the chance to make changes as she thought were necessary. We would tweak the budget until we both were happy, I would confirm with her that she agreed to this budget, and she would go right back to life as usual as if we had never talked.  "I just forget" is the stock response when I would ask her why she couldn't stick to her word.  My wife became pregnant on two other occasions. One in 2016 unfortunately led to a miscarriage at the end of the first trimester. Her third pregnancy in 2018 led to a healthy girl who just turned 1. She has now told me she is done having children.   We started to suspect ADHD in mid-to-late 2018, when my wife made a comment to me about how her mind seems to be always jumping from only thing to the next. She said its quite difficult for her to focus on one thing clearly unless its very novel/exciting/etc. I made an offhand comment along the lines of "Have you ever though that maybe you have ADHD?" She said its possible and told me her only brother was diagnosed with ADHD(by a psychologist) in middle school, but her parents flat-out said "Nope, he just has a lot of energy".  So I started googling, and each run-down of ADHD symptoms I found fit her to a tee(aside from an inability to sit still). She took a few informal online tests that indicated she exhibits quite a few ADHD symptoms. So she made herself an appointment with a psychiatrist for an ADHD evaluation. This psychiatrists diagnosis was "You show almost every symptom of ADHD, but I'm not sure you have it". This left my wife disheartened and angry(rightfully so, I think), so she let the issue lie for a while. After our second child was born, my wife met with a different psychiatrist for an evaluation, and received a positive ADHD diagnosis in early-to-mid 2019 .   This is where things stand right now. She cannot start taking stimulant medication as she is still breastfeeding our youngest.  She also has looked into ADHD coaching as a possible solution, but it is expensive...  &amp;#x200B;  I am just looking for a ray of hope because I feel so utterly burned out in our relationship. When I look back over the past 9 years I mostly see myself scrambling and reacting to whatever she decides she wants that at that moment. I have my own responsibilities in life, and I try my best to stay on top of those, while also trying to catch her stuff that falls through the cracks because she though it was boring or "forgot". I feel like I cannot depend on her to keep her word, and its sometimes easier to do everything yourself than try to rely on someone who is by their own admission chronically unreliable. Her emotions must always take center stage, and when I venture to express how I'm feeling, her reaction to what I said immediately becomes more important. I have a hard time putting in to words how bitter I am about this giant relational imbalance in the validity of each of our feelings.   It is possible that I have dug my own grave by not setting healthy boundaries with her, but setting a boundary seems to involve telling someone "I do not like what you are doing right now". How is it possible to do that when your ADHD partner takes even the slightest hint of criticism as a outright personal attack? Each time I have tried to set boundary with her a DEFCON level 5 argument is the result, because she feels attacked. And double standards run rife in our relationship... What I have been able to gather is if she is angry/tired/stressed/hungry the Golden Rule is off the table.   I frequently fantasize about having an emotional affair, about being with someone who wants me to feel cared for. I know that's wrong, but isn't feeling cared for the basic fundamental need a long-term intimate relationship is supposed to fulfill? My wife swears up &amp; down that she cares about and deeply loves me, she just can't help herself from doing these inconsiderate things that I "interpret as unloving". Basically, if I don't feel loved, its MY problem.  I've read Gina Peras book. I've read Melissa Orlovs book. I scour the web and read articles from ADDitute magazine and VeryWellMind. But no matter how much I read I cannot understand how to make a relationship work when half seems incapable of putting their partner or the relationship ahead of having fun/being entertained/stimulated. Isn't that a fundamental part of a healthy relationship?  Does this all magically go away with medication? I apologize if this would be classified as a "rant" and therefore in the wrong place... I truly feel at the end of my rope, what keeps me going is not wanting my kids to grow up in a broken home.
372787a87bd16f64f940082374b586914baafcaca28b2ba11d7347bfcca917cf;;;Should I start dating the perfect girl (with ADHD)?;;;I have another Reddit account, but I just made this account and I want to keep this post as private as possible. So, I won't give much information.  There is a girl (I'll call her Nancy here) I know for a while now. In the beginning, I quickly liked her and I wanted to ask her out, but when I was about to ask her out, she told me about her condition (she didn't notice my intention). Nancy has ADHD and it seems serious (I don't know even if seriousness is defined for ADHD or all cases are almost the same).  After some time and some events, we got really close. I have feelings for her and I can say she has for me. I can't stay in this state anymore. I am hurting us both by keeping us in this situation.  Recently, I met another girl (I'll call her Emma) and I have a really good feeling if I ask her out, she would say yes. I am not typically wrong about these things. I barely know Emma and I kind of like her. But asking Emma out would kill my chance with Nancy.  Excluding ADHD, Nancy is just perfect in every way I can imagine. Not just because I like her very much because she just is perfect. But, ADHD really affects her life. I don't know if she knows, but many things she blames herself for them, are actually very common symptoms of ADHD. I know we would fall in love deeply if we start a relationship tomorrow.  I read a lot about the challenges of having a relationship with someone with ADHD like it can start amazing, but it will wear off harder than typical relationships. Still, I can't say what would happen to us and how hard it would be.  My question is, given your experience, what would you do if you were me? I completely know it is easier than done but I don't want to decide based on sentiments. I have always been proud of myself for making important decisions while considering the long run.
7afd3a61bcb230a09ffbe0386e00efd6fd1074500048e9b43bee7f2dfef363c1;;;Paid ADHD Research Study at NYU;;;Dear Reddit Community,  My name is Michael Levy and I am a doctoral student at New York University. For my dissertation under the advisement of Dr. Anil Chacko, I am conducting a paid qualitative research study examining the effects of stimulant use on non-White young adults (18-24) with ADHD who have histories of stimulant use who were diagnosed in childhood. This study can be completed in person or via skype. Those interested in participating can complete the [screener](https://nyu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_d54FFAjmm9VxEKp) (should take about 5 minutes). Please email me if you have any questions!  Thank you in advance!  https://i.redd.it/0brs1wwiqez21.png  **Michael D. Levy, MA**  Doctoral Candidate Counseling Psychology  New York University
848a3e06fdcb2f7757149dc8906cc73988204c395f2d5b6ddc6c136c5fe1007e;;;Medication During Pandemic;;;My DX and medicated partner accidentally let his Rx lapse (a million factors: new online ordering, new insurance, pandemic, etc.) and now is looking at a week without medication. We're both really frustrated by this but I'm also really worried the withdrawal will be a problem. Does anyone use an online prescription service that actually works and doesn't suck and could potentially overnight or rush order? Ours is saying a week after letting us place a technically illegal order because we requested a 90 days supply.
a48eb77185c4fc5df77a42f52e4541f0d03a1f335f235eefe6af0b2cb064f02e;;;Hes in touch and i don't know what to do.;;;I told my ex (M/28 undiagnosed, me F/23) that I didn't want to be with anymore. I travelled a long way to find him and he seemed oblivious, as he could persuade me for the opposite till last minute. I put a post up a couple weeks ago :)  I broke up with him as I felt I was not in love with him anymore because he grew very codependent on me, in a way I couldn't handle as I have many of my own personal issues and a willingness to pursue further education.  After we said what we said he said I'll have to block on you on facebook etc etc ok I left....    I know that not having me direct him, in some way will be hard for him. But I thought it was necessary for him and my own mental health.  However, he just doesn't seem to get it. It's been two weeks. He shares stuff with me on Facebook waiting on a response from me. Looks at my stuff and visits my profiles. Blocking him completely just seemed too brutal on him, but it makes me feel at unease if he's still getting in touch. I get the feeling he has no plan for himself and that really makes me emotional, but.. I just want to move on.  Is he hyperfocusing on me? Should I ignore him, will he eventually end up messaging me? I want to make sure he'll be ok to move on without me now..  Thank you
11eefe40e40a2ae30126437c6589fe2465dce2fdb4881548b5ff0b892c755a8c;;;Tips on handling the ”emergency”/panic.;;;So as much as I/we have a lot of tools to deal with symptoms and very open communication. I find I still lack in knowing how to handle sudden emergencies/panic over whatever. For example, my SO called me today and started talking about how hot it was in the apartment and it starting to get to her. I tried to be practical about it to help her find a solution but it was just making her frustrated and more anxious. Then she got mad and told me if I didn’t feel like helping she can call someone else when she’s feeling panic. So I asked what she needed since I was trying to help, so she says she wants me to let her know we will fix that one thing we talked about in regards to the apartment (but I figured she knows that already since it’s been decided) and otherwise just talk her down.   That is all fine and good but the issue is, sometimes when I try that approach she gets upset that I am not trying to be practical and find an immediate solution. And she’s often very argumentative when I am trying to give her some positive perspective. So it feels like I am playing a guessing game every time. And mostly I find myself extracting myself from the situation completely and let her cool down, but that often makes her feel emotionally ignored, but I also don’t always feel like being scolded for the way I am trying to help. But she knows this but she also can’t always help it, as she puts it; it’s the panic talking. And I get that it’s hard for her, but it adds unnecessary stress for me since I feel like I’m damned if I do, damned if I don’t.  Anyone found any successful strategies here?
e636991324f0d23e1f8e0fd652355bb001e6a01af9de71f00bc5167c6217827c;;;Losing patience;;;Hey all.   So I my patience is wearing thin with my bf (DX/27) He for all things considered is a fantastic bf. We’ve been quarantining together and he wants me to move in, but he’s so messy that idk if I can deal. He does stuff like cook and leave dishes out for days claiming he’ll get to it later, he lets dishes and clothes pile up in all places...when i try to talk to him about it he blames his ADHD and gets defensive (yes he’s medicated and takes it on schedule) it feels like an excuse if anything and like I’m the one responsible for cleaning constantly. We keep having fights about it and all he can say is “I’ll get better” but he isn’t doing anything to do so. I’ve gotten a White board to write reminders, ive texted them to him, I even did sticky notes all over the places in the apartment he goes to all the time. I don’t know what else to do, but I’m thinking of breaking up with him. I am exhausted trying to take care of him and everything then do my stuff too. It feels like I’m a mom taking care of a kid. Please help.
14efbfba0a82b9f4bcab7472347b920bec782346925e1e367ecd351547732667;;;Should I give up? (long post, TL;DR at the bottom but I needed to vent);;;PS: this post only has the bad aspects of our relationship, but we obviously have good things too since we are sill together. Just keep that in mind. I do care about and love him very much despite all of this)  So me(19F) and my SO(22M) have been together for two years. We had an instant connection and fell quickly for watch other, and we both have very intense emotions, and for that reason we started fighting very early in our relationship. He has ADHD, I dont have any diagnosis but I do struggle with my mental health a lot of the time, as a lot of us do. Now in the beginning I was very happy and in love, we would do things together and with each others families and friends, but also do nothing and watch youtube. I remember thinking we were perfect for each other in that way.  When we have a stressful time we have periods of 1-2 weeks where we fight a lot, but we have always made up.   He has been depressed almost our entire relationship, and has a bunch of stuff to figure out. But I have helped him get through it, pass his health worker exam, and he is in a much better place. This strengthened our bond, but also had me utterly exhausted and had me barely passing my first uni exams. I also fought with my mother bc of him that semester which made it impossible for me to keep up with my studies.  There are a lot of things that are wrong, and I saw them from the beginning but I was too in love to recognize them. I wrote a long ass thing about this but it was too long so here is a short explanation:  \- my brothers(M 5 at the time now 7) noise would drive him insane in the beginning of our relationship and he would say mean things about him and about my mothers ability to raise children. I told him to keep it to himself but he apparently couldn't which did lead to some fights.  \- my sister has ADHD and anxiety and depression and all that good stuff, and at some point decided to hate my SO, and so he isn't allowed to be at my place (divorced parents so depending on where she is) when she is there. Which is a whole other thing, but my parents need to pick their battles and get her to school, so they couldn't deal with that as well. Basically he has insulted my parents for how they raise her too.  Other than that our relationships with each others families is ok.  Now to the current issue:  This is my very first relationship, so I didn't know the importance of setting boundaries and communicating needs from the beginning. I also had to read and learn about ADHD along the way. I probably know more about it than him tbh. But this has made me very unhappy. I am an extremely loving person, I have so much love to give and have always done cute romantic things for him. But I never get the same treatment back. He only does things for me if he is doing them for himself too anyway, or if he would be a bad person if he didn't do it. If he is at the store, he might buy me something because he's there buying something for himself anyways, and maybe I would like this new energy drink. I always express a lot of gratitude to make sure that he understands that those things mean something to me. But that is pretty much the extent of the things he does. He gave me breakfast in bed, but he knows that I don't like eating right when I wake up and he told me at a later time that he only did it because he was making it for himself and throwing another egg in there isn't a lot of work. And when he does do something he doesn't want to do for me, he complains and makes sure to tell me he is only doing it because I want to, so I better be happy about it.  For our first year anniversary I made a photo album with a letter and printed spotify song codes in the back. And planned for us to eat at the restaurant where we had our first date. So for our two year anniversary I told him that maybe he could plan the day for us. I hoped he would be excited for the opportunity to surprise me and make me happy. But he was irritated and asked why i couldn't do it if its so important to me. And i was not that surprised but still hurt. I sweetly reminded him multiple times the weeks before the anniversary, and the night before i said «I wonder what you have planned» just to remind him, give him a chance to SHOW me that he loves me. He is under the impression that telling me is enough. He basically tells me that if I doubt him, then I don't love him and all I want is to change him. But you really dont need much time to plan something. Literally just give me a flower from a ditch and make me dinner and I am happy. He ofc didn't plan anything. In the morning he sighed and said «well what do you want to do i guess we can play a game together and eat snacks or something». My heart sunk. My stepfather bought me my favourite cake in case I would be sad that day. I lied and said i dont have any reason to. Still ate the cake though. All we did for our anniversary was eat fried chicken and watch the Joker, a movie I didn't really want to watch.   I wanted him to prove to me that he cared and that he wanted to make me happy. I know he believes that he loves me, but I need him to want to do things because they make me happy. I didn't want to make pancakes and drive to his work to give it to him after an exhausting day at school, but I did it because he was hungry and I wanted to see him smile. That stuff is just something I do without much thought for people I love.  He is continuously pointing put this one time after we'd been together for maybe 8 months or so, when he had planned for us to do something together, but since I didn't know about it I planned to be with a friend that day. After that ONE time he decided planning things is pointless and that if he tries I'm going to have some other plans. Mind you we are two years in now, and he still point out this one time as an excuse for not planning things.   I am just so confused and I don't know what to do. Maybe it is all excusable bc of his ADHD. I have been so extremely patient and understanding with him, but he doesn't even know and will never know because I don't exactly tell him "hey I am really tired and I don't want to have to accept that the room is messy and that I have to wait until it is the right time or your mother threatens to ban me from the house for you to start cleaning it, but I will because I know that if I ask you kindly instead of complaining you will eventually do it". I just suck it up and give him a kiss on the cheak and ask him if "he maybe sometime today could do this one thing for me it would really help me out"  How much are you supposed to adjust? I feel like I am the only one who does any work to make this relationship work. I am the one who tries to talk about things, only to be met with "if im such a bad bf then break up with me". I am the one who reads countless articles about relationships. I am the one on reddit trying to learn from other people.   When I finally tried to talk to him about my needs, I only used the right terms, talked about how I feel, and what makes me happy and how I feel like I need more of those things. I used the few examples I had of things he had done that made me happy to encourage him. But he still took it as criticism and gaslighted me talking about how I am saying he is not enough and telling me I am trying to change him.   I dont want to change him, I just want him to understand that being in a relationship means doing things you usually dont want to because you love someone and it makes them happy (within a set of boundaries of course).  I dont know if he doesnt love me but just likes me being around because it is comfortable and because i am there for him, of if this really simply is just who he is and he is never going to do much for the one he loves. He doesnt generally do much for his family either so maybe that is a sign.   I have built up so much anger and resentment that I am distancing myself and struggle with knowing if I really feel in love with him anymore. It goes back and forth. I really dont know what to do.  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR: my SO (2 years) doesn't do things for me while I have every love language combined and love doing things for the people I love. When he does it is because he was doing it for himself anyway, or he complains the entire time. I have tried talking to him about my needs in the best way I possibly could, but it resulted in anger and gaslighting. I am not sure whether or not he isn't capable of really being in a relationship right now, or if he simply doesnt love me the way he thinks he does. He certainly is not willing to work on the relationship or do more/change anything, he said so himself. I dont know what to do, and I don't know what is ADHD and what is him. He is not on medication or any form of treatment and is very resistant to be.  He is soon going to notice that something is off with me and I don't know what to do when that time comes.
90c3eabd9b5fc87b89a49bd67f453e8f53a9d95d00f4760f3505ce2edfc18be8;;;2 kids and overwhelmed;;;First time posting  I am at the end of my rope. My husband has add along with a long trauma history. I am barely coping. I am a social worker and have a high stress job but it has good hours and great pay for the town we live in. We have 2 kids ages 2 and 4. My husbands add is in the moderate range but the things that were no big deal when we were first together have become harder and harder to deal with especially as my plate has gotten more and more full. Currently he has a job where he works almost exact opposite shifts from me and basically leaves me with the kids all weekend every weekend for the next 4 months. I told him at the start of this seasonal job that I was worried we wouldn’t survive another winter of this schedule. We are a month in and I feel like I am drowning. I also manage all of our finances and take care of anything to do with paperwork or planning etc. if I was by myself I could handle being a single parent and working, it feels like he literally makes my life harder constantly from little thing like piling dirty clothes all over the house or worse right beside the laundry basket to stacking empty cans and bottles on the kitchen window even though we have a recycling bin. To bigger things like letting the kids watch as much tv as they want because it means he can sleep on the couch or spending 100 a week on pot and vaping even though we cannot afford this. I guess I am feeling guilty because these were all issues at the start but I honestly felt like I could handle it and now it feels like I’m going back on that? I absolutely hate hate hate feeling alone in a relationship, and would rather just be alone. I’m not sure what I am looking for but needed to vent maybe.
4eb30c831fc78835804d6d6d168e6573adcfc1f3b1c3812d489b920e88fd9eda;;;How do I support my partner with getting education/training without pressuring him?;;;A little context: my partner has ADHD and dyslexia. He does not take any medication. He used to when he was first diagnosed as a teenager but found that the medication was making him feel numb and depressed. I only know him without medication.   He tried college twice and dropped out both times. It wasn’t a great time in his life as he was in a very unhappy relationship and felt quite lost, was drinking lots and smoking a lot of weed. After dropping out he started working in the hospitality industry and has worked as a cook for the past 6 years or so. He’s never had trouble finding work, but has also not been able to progress from a little more than minimum wage jobs. Cooking is also not what he wants to do for much longer.   For the past 3 years I have been trying to help him find what he wants to do with his career. He’s not career-driven but he wants to do something that he’s passionate about and that fulfills him. The only issue is: he’s interested in LOADS of things, yet has not made the effort to try many out.   I am trying to be supportive and to not pressure him but I am struggling. I am in my late 20s and I am seeking security for me, for us. We might want kids in 5 years and I want to be able to offer them a decent life.   Whenever I suggest to look into internships, apprenticeships, courses etc he gets immediately defensive and annoyed. Does not want to talk about it, look into it. He logically knows I am trying to help, but he cannot help but get defensive and feel pressured. He’s obviously not had the easiest time with school in the past. The problem is: unless I encourage him or do it with him, he won’t do any research or take any steps towards a career change.   At the moment we live in Canada, but we might move back to my home country, Germany, where without education or training you’re basically doomed to be stuck with minimum wage.   I am desperate for him to put some serious thought into what he wants to do, but he struggles to focus on this for obvious reasons.   Any advice?
fcc8ae3443ec8145b5a6e1d117a03e4e900ae469ead3ae8621ed0f51d3225d3a;;;anyone’s comments are help, you guys are the best help;;;if anyone could help i feel it’s you i don’t really like talking about this in person at all, in fact it’s so much easier just talking right behind a screen for me as sad as it sounds but in reality it’s crazy because no one would ever think that with the outgoing personality that i’m lucky to have somehow.  I have adhd I’ve been through almost all of the pills, Concerta, Adderall, Intuniv, Strattera, Focalin, and currently I’m trying Vyvanse (Lowest Dose) again since the first time in 6th grade (I’m 18 now) hoping to see maybe a difference in the pill to help me focus, relax and sit still. But with all this stimulants I notice the same thing, yeah my focus goes up but it’s a constant anxious feeling within me. With non-stimulants I find myself to be really tired or burnt out and just more emotionally sad and I feel it makes my mild depression a little worse. I have to constantly be alone or leave groups of people just so I can have the time to bring me self back down again. My hands have been sweaty for as long as I can remember due to this nervousness. And i’m just looking for someone with advice, little tricks and tips to calm down. Just ways to cope with this nervousness and help me with my ADHD. (rp)  Any help really is appreciated 🤍
d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;My husband (30/M, not medicated) is really struggling right now, and I'm not sure how to help.;;;Overall, his patterns of behaviour are more consistent these days in spite of the stressful environments he is exposed to. But there's a couple of things that I just feel powerless to help with.  &amp;#x200B;  1. He has lost 2 grandparents in the last year, and now his maternal grandmother is dying. We fear she does not have long left. This is painful for him, I am not sure how to help soothe that pain. He says I have been helping, but it's tough, and in truth I have never experienced what he is going through, so I can't even imagine what's going on in his mind. It just feels very baseless, and fake from me, though it is coming from a genuine place. I'm just not sure.  2. Work is really getting to him. He called me now just crying and it broke my heart. He has been trying to highlight and address some issues at work, but overall the final message today was along the lines of "yes we know, we don't want to hear it anymore, there's nothing we can do / are willing to do, here is a location transfer slip if you want it"  &amp;#x200B;  This has made him feel like he has done something wrong, that he is the problem, and that he is not being treated fairly given everything he does at work. It makes him feel like he is a bad person, like he's missing part of the bigger picture that everyone else sees, and no matter how hard he is trying to get through his days, he always puts a foot wrong. He feels hurt, he feels neglected, feels like everyone is viewing him negatively. It's more overwhelming for him right now, because he's thinking of his grandma and doesn't know if today, or tomorrow will be the last time he sees her. All lots of anxiety inducing things.  I have some additional feelings of guilt, because yesterday things were not going smoothly, it was one thing after another for him, and to his credit he did not react inappropriately to any of it. The final moment came when... when. Ugh. I said... well.... He had put a pizza in the oven and there was a baking tray on top of the stove. I was doing something at the time, but I had noticed there was like 2 minutes left on the timer and I said, *"hey you might wanna move the baking tray off the stove so you have space to put your pizza there with no issues"*. I tried that approach because I have witnessed him struggling with that before and it doesn't end well. Since I foresaw that being an issue, I wanted to try and address it without coming off as a nag. The baking tray could sit there all day for I cared, I just wanted to prevent an issue.  He assured me it was fine, and he'd just use a cutting board and put it on the counter. I said okay. But I knew it wasn't okay; I knew there was a high possibility the pizza would end up on the floor. I left it alone, all the while knowing I was fully capable of moving the baking tray, but I'm also not his mum, you know? I should have just moved it. I could have, and I didn't on purpose.   Anyway, yep, the pizza slides top side down off of the cutting board onto his hand; first degree burns. I'm trying to help him with his hand first and it turns into a little bit of an altercation, he says he's fine then tells me he was being unkind because he was in pain, and so I shouldn't sum it up to anything more than that, even though... he told me he was ***not*** in any pain. Anyway this didn't last long and to be honest, what I witnessed was a reaction that I would have seen from.. any other person. Even myself. Totally "normal".  So after he had collected himself and we were back in sync and calm, we recovered his dinner plans; I ended up making him something else so he didn't have to worry about it and all was fine.  I then said, *"Hey, I just want you to know how happy I am for you, and how proud of you I am for how you handled that whole situation"* and he looked at me really really shocked like I was implying something negative, he questioned me, as if to say what do you even mean? and I just said, well, you know, all things considered it was all pretty appropriate and you didn't react badly at all, but he thought that I was genuinely being sarcastic and had a brief moment of feeling like he was attacked, but sat there in almost total silence. He thought I was being mean and just sat there and said nothing. You guys know that rarely happens.  In this moment his head just seemed really heavy, he looked up at me barely even moving his head, his eyes were starting to glaze with tears and he said *"I thought I did react badly."* It was like looking into the eyes of a scolded child.   And that ladies and gentlemen is how I inadvertently experienced what it feels like to be a monster. Direct knife to the chest.  Thanks for getting to the end of this if you did, no worries if not. While I can talk about ADHD related stuff in my day to day life, when it comes to helping emotionally through the dynamic of a marriage I feel a bit isolated and have not many people to divulge this stuff to. I have feelings of doubt, I don't know where the line is, am I doing too much, not enough, the wrong thing entirely. I just don't know and I cannot take seeing that level of pain in him.  Thanks again.
63dbb7a7ec12de5cb1d34b109ad10830045ff7c969efd3005cab156fdf235ac8;;;Need help with my boyfriend's situation ASAP :(;;;My boyfriend (22yr) just recently got diagnosed with ADD and has been on medication for a few weeks but he believes he's getting worse because he checks out on 4 out of the 6 symptoms of low dopamine disorders and that has led him to believe that he has no future.   I don't know what to do to get him to feel better about himself because of my inept knowledge of the disorder and the fact that I'm dealing with CPTSD and OCD myself.   Please help. I really can't lose him. He means the world to me.
dcacce650183ce6685855ad68ddafbf9a21f477a3bdb1e12f31efdb27fe017e8;;;How much does medication and therapy helps?;;;Hey all, I can't find the words how happy I am that I found this sub !!! Reading through the posts here, I finally feel like my feelings are valid..   My (23F) boyfriend (26M) has not been diagnosed yet, but he has his appointment in a few days. We have been together for about 3 years, and we are living together since last September. He shows typical ADHD symptoms, that just DRIVE ME CRAZY. I just thought that he didn't learn how to take care of himself as a child, since his mom did literally everything for him. Since we live together, sometimes I got to that point that I just can't do it anymore, I'm tired of arguing about chores, about his impulsive spending and just overall, that I am doing everything on my own. At this point is okay, since I’m at home all the time, but just like others in here, I am afraid, what if we had kids? or just the future in general?... I can’t possibly take care of everything, I need him as a partner, not like a child to be taken care of....  So my question is... Does medication and therapy actually helps?? I have reached my breakinf point, and I would love to know, if there is any hope that things can get better...
e8d2c50a3915f665add87fbb83f50c9d5d7f686bc9ed9f5db4bda59287a14dda;;;ADHD spouse taking on HUGE responsibility, taking care of disabled me and our toddler - yet I'm still selfish and I don't want to be.;;;Warning. I'm a selfish asshole and I need help to not be one.  You'd think I'd be more understanding of my ADHD husband because I, too, have mental health issues. I have Autism, PTSD, Bipolar 1.  Right now, I am temporarily disabled due to Avascular Necrosis and I am going to get hip replacements. (Not super soon) We also have a toddler who goes to full-time daycare during the week, but is here after daycare and of course the weekends.  Anyway, my husband has been doing an AMAZING job taking care of me and our toddler. I am eternally grateful to him for all he has been/is doing. He really took our wedding vows "in sickness and in health" seriously. I sometimes cry thinking about how lucky and blessed I am.  Here's the crappy part of me:  I used to do many of the household chores that my husband now has to do. I used to mostly take care of our toddler while my husband got a break from work. Now, recently we hired a nanny but usually she only is here a few hours or full time a couple days a week for now. My husband lost his job (although he has two other part-times) due to taking care of me and toddler soooo much, so we can't afford a nanny that does more than the weekends for right now.   I'm also going to have a full-time caregiver in a few weeks (3-ish?) so he won't have to do all the work taking care of me - and can spend that time looking for another job. Of course, neither a nanny or care-giver clean the house.  So here's REALLY where the crappy part of me comes in. I have been nagging him about getting more of the laundry done, stop laying trash around the kitchen, to just put things away when he's done with them, to clean up our son's toys, to not just leave the clean laundry in piles, to go grocery shopping, to get our son to bed earlier, to do things basically how I used to *I* used to do them.  And guess what?  He is a saint and never complains.  But yesterday he confined in me that it's really hurting him that I'm being a perfectionist and not understanding his ADHD and that he's doing his best and if I keep nagging him/being rude to him about not getting enough done he's going to get very angry.  I feel like the shittiest wife. I mean, he has ADHD, a TON on his plate, yet he STILL manages to get so many fucking things done. He's a superhero. Writing this and seeing how much he does...wow I'm awful.  I do thank him a lot. But I think I haven't been showing enough affection. Maybe due to bad hip pain but that is no excuse.  How do I stop being such an asshole?  I don't want to push my amazing husband away.  I know I'll probably be judged harshly here. I guess I deserve it.  But please do leave constructive criticism on how I can be a better person to him and not break him.  Thank you, so much for any help.
21bf7ff12aa435abe03bed791777a8a63cb7bc4679faefbc7047573f0063d086;;;Please advice;;;Hello  I am 49, father of 4, been married for 22 years. I was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety early this year and a few months later with ADD. I am both on medication to treat the depression/anxiety and on medication to help me cope with my ADD. I went to see my doctor as my wife draw a line in the sand. It was either that or divorce. I did not feel that there was anything wrong with me, but after talking to my doctor, the depression and the anxiety were diagnosed. And with visiting my therapist, the ADD was diagnosed. The meds and therapy have opened my eyes to my symptoms, and how my life has been ridden with the ADD and later caused me to develop depression/anxiety. I do understand that it will take me years of work to reach the level I want to be on, and hopefully to be the emotionally supportive husband my wife deserves, but I find the road to be both long and filled with fog.   I want to ask you, that is married to a spouse with ADD; What training, therapies, etc. did you see have the most positive impact on your family life and your relationship with your ADD partner?
d311279c61871b3c687c0b562b842335b54781f4b13e91f8ed128e000430e6fa;;;Question about ADHD guy I was briefly seeing;;;Hi guys. I was seeing a man with ADHD for a very short time before things fell apart (after just two dates.) From the first date, he mentioned he was divorced at 32 and that he had been diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 30 and that his therapist explained to him that a lot of his issues stemming from anxiety, work, etc. could be attributed to his disorder.  I found him charming, quirky and very sweet. I also noticed he was ping ponging in conversation a bit, he was telling me quite a bit about himself and he would sometimes blurt things out and then attempt to take them back. Some of the things were even just observations about me, e.g., oh it’s cool you know that hip hop song that’s playing.   We quickly scheduled a second date at my place. He was attentive leading up to the date and throughout. He would sometimes question himself at odd times but again, I found it cute and rather disarming. For example, 10 minutes into making out is a funny time to say “oh should I leave? Am I overstaying my welcome?” We ended up getting quite physical and engaged in some sexual stuff. He was spooning me afterwards, practically beaming at me and then the trouble began.  The next day, I texted him and got the feeling he was being polite and trying to seem interested without prolonging conversation. I took the hint to give him space, seeing as he’s recently divorced. Then the next day, he texted me “full disclosure, I’m meeting someone else this weekend and thought I should tell you due to covid.” This was a major error, considering we didn’t even have plans to see each other for a 1.5 due to my busy holiday plans and also what just happened. I called him and got the feeling he was very apologetic and felt he’d made a mistake.  We agreed to speak the next week. On the phone, he explained he gets very guilty about seeing multiple people and he acted very impulsively. But there was no mention of making it up to me. I pushed him a bit and then explained I had been in several relationships where I’d had to act as a sort of therapist to get people to understand how their actions affect me and that I didn’t want to repeat that. In fact, two of my exes believed they may have been on the autism spectrum and those relationships had ended when they weren’t getting help.  This set off so many things for him. Turns out his ex wife left him, in part, due to his ADHD and in his words “expected therapy to fix him.” And he didn’t want to see me again because I struck him as accommodating, a people pleaser and a fixer who would only be comfortable if he was comfortable. And he explained, due to ADHD, anxiety and related issues, he isn’t comfortable a lot of the time. Conversation turned pretty bitter and then it was over.  Did I completely approach this in the wrong way for someone with ADHD? I wanted to know he had remorse and he could explain his actions before proceeding to see him again. But I clearly touched a nerve.
2f715e83ca9040a4f5e5d3f907944635ba440e373f794745e29cea4f6cb71420;;;[Advice] I [27F] am now looking at divorcing my [26M] DX husband;;;I am finally at the point where divorce looks like the only option. My husband was diagnosed in September, took medication for a week then stopped and has made no attempts to go back to the doctor. I decided to go to therapy to help cope with this and other traumas. We do have couples counselling at the end of the month but I still don't believe anything will change. He seems to be forgetting things more often and shuts down my feelings. I found fingernail clippings sitting in the sink, chewing tobacco left out which was in the reach of our puppy,  then this weekend he left the front door of our home unlocked and cracked open. Anytime I approach these situations, I am met with similar responses  of "I know" or "I'm sorry."  I can't be a mother to my partner anymore. I can't handle being called ridiculous when I try to talk about my feelings or have someone  throw a fit when they can't find their keys. I've lost all attraction and have voiced my feelings numerous times. I'm told I need to be more understanding of ADHD, yet he does nothing to help and claims he has it under control.     Has anyone else's marriage failed due to their partner not realizing the toll it takes?
1bae4dd843baf7d6e89d9b16d19b1d37d2057602fdb5845890a7efa312eb0544;;;How to not take it personally?;;;So I’ve been dating my boyfriend for a year and a half and while I know he has ADHD and takes medicine for it he never really explained what it looks like for him and how it affects his day by day life. This past weekend we had the same argument for the second time and it wasn’t until after the argument, which is about him forgetting dates/having poor time management and always being late...very late, that I realized it was the ADHD. To me being late to every time commitment with someone means you don’t care, and more than being late a few minutes being late a few hours or asking last minute all the time to bump something up a few hours is rude. I understand that it’s not his fault that he’s forgetful and has time blindness. But how do I not take it personally? Specifically the time blindness?
558177f6e796c26b720626b226d00516ea1f0b5e141d55144755b20f34a47ce7;;;I need help better explaining myself/collecting my thoughts;;;I have ADHD and I think my wife understands to an extent, but doesn't FULLY understand. I absolutely need to disclaim that my wife is my absolute best friend and I love her VERY much, and 90 percent of the time we are happy, laughing and having fun; both together and with our 1.5 year old daughter and our dog children. It's just that small percentage of times like today where I am just left confused, not knowing what to do next to make her happy with me again.  I struggle a lot with getting things done. I can improve for a bit and then fall back into old habits and it is a vicious (and frustrating) cycle. When I try to explain that something is happening because of my ADHD more than once a week, she thinks I am using it as an excuse. I'm not. This is legitimately how my brain works and I feel helpless.   Just the other day, we were talking about why a dish we make every week a little bit different, just in a casual conversation (she thought the same). I was like, "Why does it taste differently?"    Her: "I told you like last week, don't you remember?"   Me: "No... I don't. I'm sorry..."   Her: sounding frustrated "I literally told you like twice"   Me: "I'm really sorry, I just can't remember"  In this interaction, I felt like she was getting mad at me for something I cannot control and I felt very helpless, unknowing how to respond. When this happens, I try to justify WHY it happens, and it just makes her more impatient with me.  **Example 2:**     My wife is amazing and preps breakfasts for the week (eggs for each day). Last night she asked me if I wanted her to thaw some for today and I seriously thought I said "No." Thus, I was eating something else (PB Sandwich) when she walked into the kitchen...  Her: "Uhh.. What're you doing?"   Me: Unthinkingly just blurted a response with no context "It's Friday"   Her: "What do you mean it's Friday?"   Me: I had legitimately thought we talked about me eating something different one day of the week "I thought we said I could eat PB once in a while"   Her: "No, I don't remember talking about that"   Me: Another reason pops into my head "I just didn't feel like eggs"   Her: "Well that makes it even more confusing for me. How do I know how much to make you? See? This type of thing makes me feel underappreciated."   Me: "I do really appreciate you making breakfast every week and I'm sorry. Would it make you feel better if I said my didn't feel very well?" This was the absolute truth, but when I am receiving a barrage for some reason I just blurt answers that I think might help the situation.   Me: Trying to come to a resolution "I mean... I could just eat oatmeal every week, if that's easier for you. I wouldn't mind."   Her: "Then you need to let me know if I need to buy you oatmeal."   Me: "We have two full containers in the pantry, I was just going to use those."   Her: "But then I have to keep track of how much we have left because you won't tell me and then we won't have oatmeal for me to eat until it's too late".   Me: "Okay... I'm sorry!"   Her: Disingenuous "...it's okay..."   Me: "I love you!"   Her: "...love you too..."  I try to give her a hug as she leaves but she kinda shrugs me off. I sent her a text telling her that I was sorry and my not wanting eggs one day wasn't fair to her and she responded with "It's okay. I understand" and nothing else.   I know that when I get home everything will be fine, but I get so down on myself when this type of thing happens. Like I fucked up everything and can't do anything right. I have so much self-hate and want to be self-destructive (which normally means food). Apparently the term for this is Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria, but if I tell my wife, she'll probably rationalize it as a cop out and not owning my behavior.  **Another example:**   I grew up in a mentally abusive household (until I was 18). I was getting bullied at home by my Step Dad and then going to school and getting bullied there. I have a lot of confidence issues because of it and it definitely takes a toll on me at times.   My wife was listening to an audiobook "Unfuck Yourself" and tells me that I should try to let go of everything that has happened to me and not let it 'effect who I am now'. Basically, to leave the past in the past. For me... it's just not that simple. As much as I have worked through it, this will always be a part of me\\something that negatively impacts my thoughts and emotions.   She tells me I should really listen to the book, which I will, to give her the benefit of the doubt and who knows; maybe it will help. But dealing with these situations is incredibly taxing on me both mentally and physically.
ac31a11084d41deca95d0664d7b6aeb03815919eddd808b032a82edfc1eeee41;;;Weekly Victory/Success Thread;;;Living with ADHD requires a lot of hard work, endurance and trial and error in our relationships.  Maybe you have agreed on a new "to-do list" and it works, a new medication or therapy is working as intended, or the laundry has been done in a timely manner etc. Here is where we celebrate the victories no matter how small.
d381e8b0538ad07eb53213089467c67f2c968ce66e494eff442ee6e4bd1063c3;;;Nervous about a future/living together with ADHD boyfriend - advice needed;;;Hi all, I have been lurking for a while but finally got the courage to write my own post. My boyfriend and I have been together for 3 ish years in our late 20's, he's undiagnosed and probably won't be. He is such a loving, caring, attentive person and he's the best man I've had in my life. I can see him really trying and he always tries his hardest to be the best he can be in his life and as a partner. So I feel very bad sometimes for feeling the way I do, if anyone can relate.   We are getting to the point where he is talking about our future and moving in, having kids etc. But I am concerned about the parent-child relationship that has been on and off over the years. He forgets to do things until it's too late like appointments or laundry, will leave dishes in random places and frequently not put things away unless I remind him, will get absorbed by work for 16+ hours (he is passionate about his career in chemistry but I worry that this will get out of hand because of his fixations).  He has wrecked stuff accidentally by using it inappropriately and doesn't see why it makes me mad because he will replace it, though he treats his own belongings well. If I talk about an issue he will always acknowledge it and make an effort to do better, but it often doesn't stick. He has come a long way and I keep thinking that I should let go of the past and focus on his progress and the positives, even if it's sometimes two steps forward one step back.  I would hate to lose a man I love that really loves me and is working his hardest because of "what ifs" or being anxious about the worst case. But reading this sub I see lots of the same issues and I am scared to become a nagging, frustrated person or having to maintain the house while he builds his career. I started to become that way for over a year and it wrecked our sex life, but things have started to get better in the last couple months. To be honest though, I sometimes feel so resentful that I don't know if it's worth it or how long it will take for me to trust him not to go backwards.  I'm getting tired of my own indecisiveness. My question is - am I over-reacting or under-reacting to these issues? Does anyone have advice to their younger selves if they committed to marriage and kids with someone with ADHD? I know I will get a biased sample set here but I am not sure where else to vent and ask these questions.   Thank you everyone who reads this and gives advice. Feel free to post any experiences of your own that feel relevant. Have a great day.
e2d797e66626ce87fe0a42aacf0838179801c82beec30e85c167d11d03d8dbed;;;this was a bad one and I am scared;;;it’s long and i expect no one to bother i just needed it somewhere   We both have ADHD. I have CPTSD from a combo of things and he has recentish trauma resulting in PTSD symptoms that aren’t totally differentiateable from really bad ADHD symptoms. He claims he didn’t have before that which idk if i believe because there was also child abuse. So I know it’s complicated. I know.   He’s getting help but I don’t know if I can survive waiting til he can change his behavior.   He just shuts down and gets so mean. So fucking mean, eye rolling, dismissive, scoffing at me, he told me i was faking it, I was ridiculous, he will say anything, he will accuse me of anything, he will say things that are quantifiably untrue are true, he becomes so illogical the arguments he makes for himself are so fucking obscene i want to rip my skin off out of frustration.   I was finally having a nervous breakdown and anyone with a heart would have been able to see i was having a severe panic attack. I was essentially back in my childhood room with my piece of shit undiagnosed ADHD mother who couldnt be reasoned with and accused me of everything. A place I felt so trapped and so hopeless and so alone, i tried to kill myself for the first time when I was 11.   I escaped that life and made so many strides- away from self harm or blaming myself so much. But since being faced with this behavior I have done things to myself out of despair and frustration and hopelessness and self-loathing - i don’t want to blame anyone for how i feel but it’s his behavior that activates it. It’s the only new catalyst. What i’ve done during these moments, I feel so much shame over them that at this point i am afraid to go back to therapy because idk how i’m gonna look anyone in the face and say it. No one has ever been so indifferent and cold to me like this except an emotionally abusive teenage bf and my mother.   He is normally a good man but today i tried to really sincerely “find my out” because i couldn’t understand what id done to deserve how he was treating me and i just had to assume this is how everyone is - it’s how my family was, a very close but toxic friend. How it’s always gonna be. I just assume I deserve it and thus i’m so inherently bad that I should just do everyone a favor. Or that he doesn’t love me as much as he prefers his intact ego. i know how adhd makes us but there has to be a limit? i don’t want to blame him but i am afraid if i keep excusing it...  My brain knows there is some unfairness, some injustice, some disconnect but I can’t make that understanding trump the other and I can’t stop myself from the rollercoaster of reacting and the frustration of knowing the incongruence, between my reality and the one he presents, that he’s willing to present me that reality, it breaks me.  I’m reading the books, i do all the research, i know and am learning the stuff i am trying but i can’t always be the better one, I’m naturally strong but also very fragile and being treated like this knocks me down for days, weeks and I don’t even think he realizes it.   I’ve been trying to tell him how depressed i’ve been since the last time he did this to me but i don’t think he can even integrate that information. Feeling like he’ll never be able to think “she is sick” and treat me more gently makes me feel so hopeless. I’m not asking for carte blanche to do as i please, i try so hard to make sure i answer for my bullshit, but i even said “I am reacting right now but i can’t stop myself and something else is going on and i need some help from you “ and even that, still his feelings take supremacy. I feel like nothing I do, short of being a different person with a different brain, with anyone, is ever gonna matter. because all they’ll hear is the reaction i can’t help and any apology or explanation after just isn’t gonna matter. It makes me feel doomed and irreparably broken.  Knowing he can’t integrate “she is sick” (which i am able to do for him, so 2xadhd trap of “i can, why can’t you?”) makes me frightened that no one is ever gonna treat me with kid gloves or cut me slack when i need it. I try not to be taxing on anyone and i give up my anger or sadness plenty just to comfort him, the second he cries i just shed what i felt so i can rush to him. He will still scream in my face while i am sobbing.   i just feel like that’s never going to be for me. I am never going to get that type of understanding when it counts. He is never gonna be the first to apologize. He will never see the primary emotion to my reaction, even if i point it out to him, he will only see how wronged he has been by my often justified hurt or unjustified but brief, raw fear. Even when he’s done wrong he will never cop to it. It was always be equally if not entirely my fault. I admit it when I start it, when it is my fault, so why give me more than my fair share? i know he was reacting but if i can stop at least enough to communicate why can’t he why am i not worth that effort  I try to have empathy and see reactions for what they are and treat the. with kindness and patience, I don’t want to stop doing that for people but i am starting to feel like a stooge for doing it if it’s not going to be reciprocated. I am his partner and today the fact that he couldn’t be mine, he converted to my torturer, to being my mocking, sneering mother - it almost killed me. My mental health isn’t his fault or responsibility but i wouldn’t have approached feeling that way or ever thought to do what I did if it weren’t for how triggering that cruel and illogical sneering, like going from feeling safe and loved to feeling like less than nothing, like i’m bad.   I wouldn’t even have felt the way i did when I reacted if it hadn’t been for how down i’ve felt the last week after the last time he did this to me.   I just want to feel protected like I protect him and instead I increasingly feel like we are born to die alone with a few scattered onlookers.  I lied to the hospital so I wouldn’t get committed but i truly don’t know if i did the right thing because i feel frightened of myself and so paralyzed this, reddit, is the most self care i feel capable of right now. I can’t stop feeling worthless. I wish it didn’t matter to me so much but it just pressed every sore spot on my entire being as they’ve all been throbbing as of late and i just feel dead inside.
c47aaeab94ee979d9bc84eef766f464af4516f20f44b3e985f1820695fb56442;;;How do you get your [ADHD] SO to talk?;;;My husband [DX, Medicated, therapy] has the most difficult time with answering questions,even in marriage counseling.   I'll ask about why his ADHD seemingly became severe out of nowhere. He has no answer. Anytime we talk about deep topics, he has a difficult time answering and often withdraws. I'm trying to be patient but I'm not sure how to get answers from him without him feeling overwhelmed.   Any non-ADHD partner have any success?
d8842ededaea78a77ab571c4aa6c4b95b7e706c82634f38e98f8f687ddd013d1;;;Perfect timing to rip a room apart!;;;Me - neurotypical, DH - DX, unmedicated, in therapy.  So here we are, a few days before Xmas, and me being the planner gets the majority of the gift wrapping and that kind of stuff. No biggie, but DH wants to do a house project. I get him to at least have a brief conversation with me today to make sure we were on the same page. He goes back to cleaning/organizing since he has the day off. Late afternoon, I run out to get groceries for the next week.  I come home and he's got my kids' bedroom literally torn apart. I'm putting away the food and making dinner at the same time, and I can hear him cursing and hammering away. He gets to a stopping point where he announces that painting is the next step. I haven't walked in to see what kind of peripheral damage was done.  Now, painting was not on my radar, nor was doing this project TODAY. I'll be out of the house most of the day tomorrow due to other obligations and can't be there to help - and he knows this. And then there are the piles of gifts to wrap and cards to drop off for our postal worker/trash company/etc. - you know, all the things I do and he doesn't. I was also not planning to take off work (he's on vaca this whole week). But I'm the painter, and if I leave it to him, he'll make a huge mess and do a shitty job.  Sigh. He doesn't understand how/why I didn't KNOW that he was doing it today since he said 'he wanted it to get done soon'.   I am pretty numb from this behavior (I'll just roll with it), but I figured y'all could have a laugh. I feel like we need a sitcom where the characters' tag line is 'That's SOOOO ADD!'.
4e69cf5ee491f680c6a94744bcb4c14275349e59d8c323ec3de2c34a90d31fe0;;;Poor Emotional Regulation Rant;;;My unmedicated DX boyfriend has awful emotional regulation and it’s starting to really affect me. Just last night and this morning we were laughing and smiling but this morning, he remembered some bad work news related to money that he was putting off thinking about. I tried talking to him but he just got so angry that he started breaking stuff and even punched a big crack in his car windshield. He always leaves whenever he gets this upset but it still scares me. Two days ago he got into a bad mood and suddenly just left his cooking pan on the stove on high and went to bed and I was in my office. When I finally smelled the smoke and saw him in bed, I got so angry. We have pets, what if it had caught on fire?? Those are the worst of the worst, at best he’ll become overwhelmed with negative emotion and close off/go to bed. It makes me feel so on edge
38f6ddc9e6f24c412d85946d99155b419219e19bba0904a5988fe72cceaffaa1;;;I’m a DX woman;;;I wanted to give some insight into the ADHD partner. So here it goes...  I’m (27/dx) a trainee counsellor and unemployed person. When in the room with my clients, or ANYONE, I am the most attentive, curious person you will have met. That magnetic element of connection is a strong area of hyperfocus for me. But when I’m not in the room with them? It’s out of sight, out of mind. It is no reflection on my degree of love or care, but imagine those feelings are, like a flip book, flipped to the back of my mind while the next page underneath is now the only thing I see and act on. Then when that page flips back up, I feel the same way as when I left off.  I rarely even get to choose what page is next in the flip book, and I certainly don’t get to flip through the book and prioritise and reorder the pages. Even if I tried to, my brain is mostly incapable of recognising how to rate the priority of any one thing from the next. I can know it cognitively and emotionally that, say for instance, answering your text from last month is more important than watching a 5 hour long walkthrough of a walking simulator video game I’ve never even played to get to know the intimate relations of all the characters to each other just because I saw one comment about it that made me curious and then BAM my evening is wasted on another useless rabbit hole I can’t look away from. But due the curiosity of the new thing eclipses and everything else falls away. Out of sight, out of mind. That is the rule.  It’s like, I will have washing up in my sink for a WEEK but bc of my ADHD brain, I see *past* the washing up. It has become part of the background, and no longer exists as something to alert my brain. Imagine it like when you look at something specific in the room you are in - while you look at something specific, everything around it kind of melds together in that moment, and becomes a “whole” with less defined lines around each object, because you have razor sharp focus on the one object. This is my brain on EVERYTHING. My life is a room where instead of seeing all the separate elements as what they are, separate parts that make a whole, I see the room in soft focus, except for one focused element at a time - and the focus is largely outside of my control. This means birthdays of people I love are in soft focus, it means that the things I promised I would do earlier that day are in soft focus. I might even be somewhat aware of them in my peripherals but without those clearly defined perimeters around them that stop them from becoming just a part of the background, they are at risk of becoming unnoticeable to me.  I set reminders on my phone - but because they aren’t new and interesting or randomised - they become a part of the background. I start a habit of a reminder to drink water, which sends me a notifications. On day one and two, it’s great. On day 3, I see past the notification, and no longer notice it on my phone. It’s become too normalised, and no longer captures my attention. I don’t read the notification and think “nah”, it goes off, I don’t notice what it says, I just turn it off because it’s interrupting me finding out more about the way that Pied Wagtail birds have adapted to live alongside humans and exploited our environments to get their needs met - meanwhile my washing and washing up has piled, I have assignments still due despite my uni classes ending a year ago. All I can see is how fascinating Pied Wagtails are right now.  The way that I clean is that I don’t notice what needs doing until one day I notice that I feel rubbish because my environment is a shit hole, and so I hyperfocus on cleaning for a whole day and maybe pull an all nighter. And every single time I say to myself “I will never do this again”. It’s a nightmare - I have tried a million interventions. I am now thinking I need to just accept this about myself and buy a roomba and hire a cleaner every month or two to help me keep more on top of it all. My ADHD partner doesn’t want to hire anyone to pay anyonehelp us when we move in together, because he is still in denial of the fact he can’t manage and overestimates his ability to get it done. He makes me want to claw my eyes out, so it helps me understand what you are all going through.  Every single day is a tragic tale of curiosity gone wrong. My relationships are in tatters, my placement and uni find me unreliable, I have been unemployed for over a year now and I’m struggling to complete my work for my degree. I am happy when in my little hyperfocus and devastated when I look up and see the reality of my life. The chronic underachievement, the impossibility of demonstrating reliability and consistent reachability to the people I love most, waking up to notice how my neglect of them has lead them to understandably distance from me or deprioritise me as someone important to them - but the clincher is that I love them just the same as before.
9fe7eab5fc2f9c1ca820a8b50463ae71e2ce5466dbea49435bd4d0690c97a82c;;;Don’t make out in the kitchen?;;;It’s Valentine’s Day today. My ADHD wife had to run to the store for something and we kissed goodbye in the kitchen while I was making dinner. Our oldest son was helping me. A little while later my wife texts me:  &gt;	No making out in the kitchen without me  Huh? With who? Our son? Oh, I get it. It’s a random thought that was blurted out. She does these weird things sometimes.  \#adhdpartnerslife
b3d84595344695554668dd54f842af44749fd5b03cf1687e022f56409cce4b20;;;Would you stay with someone who has a crazy mom and ok with it;;;I  meant to write in this in my other account r/temporary-day5392 but i forgot my password.    I posted here a couple of times before about staying over my boyfriend's family house. The reason I am not at his own house is for stupid strict/ religious purposes ( he isn't my husband yet so we can't stay alone together) Anyways. My partner has ADD (clinically diagnosed) and so does his mom ( my partner’s diagnosis. She refuses to believe in mental health) . If you see my post history me n my partner were always having arguments, And staying at a house where his family is isn't making it easier because sometimes they hear us when we argue.   Anyway. From the first moment I stepped into his house I have realized that his mom doesn't show emotions, isnt kind at all. My partner told me she has ADD as well. So I tried to brush it off and not get hurt by it as I believed its not intentional.   Until last week. She started questinining me out of nowhere about what our plans are. And she said u guys aren't ready to get married And she won't let him marry me. And that I need to work alot on myself. ( Mind you this is all in a yelling tone) I was shockedand hurt but she said sorry the next day and I shook it off and forgave her.   But today was my last day. I overheard her telling my bf that I am very disrespectful. And this is the third time I overhear her saying that. She went on about telling him that he should watch out. This fucking crazy lady is creating stories in her head and believimg them. Every mom I know, my mom's friends. My friends mothers love and respect me so much. This lady's definition of respect is someone who goes out their  to keep askung abiut her day and show interest to the mother in law even if though mother in law is always mean and not kind.   Despite her awful behaviour i tried to talk to her and be her friend for my bfs sake even though i am not a very out going person ESPECIALLY when its with someone who i can just FEEL hates me . Her disgusted of me face pushed me away.   So when I overheard that today I couldn't fucking take it anymore. I went straight to her and asked her can you please give me one example of how I was being disrespectful? She said you're on your phone all the time and you don't try talking to me. I said I keep trying but how can I keep going when you keep calling me names behind my back and insulting my family behind my back. She ignored that and said (aha). She kept trying to make up anything in her stupid head to make me sound bad. She said I'm trying to make her son escape his values. I went hardcore and said oh so u think we don't have values so how is it ok that ur other son lives with his gf who he isn't even married to? ( not that im against that but i know she is)  She went crazy. She said SEE !! I TOLD YOU SHES NOT RESPECTFUL. I cried my eyes out.   Omfg. Wtf is this shit. I love my bf to death though and we have been really doing good recently.   His stance in all of this is that that's just her personality and that I should have tried harder to be her friend. And that I shouldn't have said anything. Fucking stupid ass family. Idk what to do. How can I live a normal life with a mother inlaw who fucking hates me for no fucking reason. And a son whos too *respectful* to see that she's fucking delusional.
19c4a7e0b3302f6f3f442c7380f872606c6d16f66494b3ec8ae9ba3c7d48b50e;;;How to tell partner I have decided to divorce him with minimum drama?;;;Long: For background, we have been married 25 years (grew up fundie, got married straight out of high school). for the entire time we have been married, he has been in and out of work with this last stint of unemployment going on almost 10 years. He has severe ADHD, unmedicated, he has been recently diagnosed as borderline autism spectrum, and has a host of other mental illnesses that are only getting worse as he gets older. He has some pretty severe anger issues as well, and shows some strong and maturity and childishness. he's tried to start his own businesses in the last 2 years but all he did was run me $25,000 into debt and there are no plans or ability to pay me back.  Long story short I do not want to go into the weeds here, as I am sure that I am culpable of what has failed in this relationship as well. However, I am tired of being a parent, I am tired of being the one who takes care of everything that is quote-unquote adult, and I am ready to move on with my life. I can't imagine going on another 25 years with this child man.he on the other hand believes that we have a fantastic relationship.   I have a very high-paying job and a very successful career. I have no interest in continuing to support him, I have no interest  continuing to try to work out this relationship. I have no interest in going to counseling. I feel like I have given my all, I feel like I have done everything I possibly can and I suddenly realized today that I am tired of faking it, I am tired of doing the mental gymnastics needed in order to justify to myself why I should stay. I am ready to move on.  there are a couple of issues that I'm going to have to figure out. First of all, he is not able to support himself and has not supported himself for the entire time that we have been married. I pay all the bills, and he takes care of the house somewhat. He also is the caretaker for our special needs adult son, but he is extremely distracted and he's not the best caretaker. So I'm not sure how those two things would work out.  I guess I'm asking for advice on how to tell him that I have decided to divorce him. I don't want any drama, I just want to move on with my life, but because he is essentially disabled I feel like this is going to be a long drawn-out thing.   Tldr: partner has severe ADHD that has essentially caused him to be disabled. I am no longer interested in being married to him and want to figure out how to tell him without drama.
188d801d327b50decffaa2f86580815e57232b00f7678549b2f583fe15ef3124;;;Long term partners of people with ADHD, please tell me it gets better;;;I'm absolutely frustrated and exhausted. And it's just been over a year of  being together (we're both 25, he's diagnosed and medicated). I like to think I have extraordinary levels of patience and he acknowledges it too but sometimes I wanna bang my head into a brick wall with the things he does sometimes. I'm so exhausted with being understanding and filling in the blanks all the time with no help. And I'm tired of constantly having to have talks with him because it's starting to sound like nagging to me. Those who have been doing this for years, please tell me how you do it. I could really use some advice and support. I love this man but if I don't find a way to deal with this, I don't know how much longer I can do this.
111bafee7f833f07bbb6354b8e8868d46be390a1e90fac054b1486037954f77e;;;Attention seeking help?;;;My diagnosed SO has a habit of talking alot and needing alot of affirmation. If we go into a store together, I'll be found in the aisles and he can be found chatting with the cashier, a random bypasser, whomever is open for a chat. He's very sociable and knows how to break the ice like no one I've ever known. I totally lack this charm, and I do feel he tries to be charming. I mean he is.   But this has been rubbing me the wrong way, as he's making himself interesting to strangers and friends alike, with ..by a lack of better wording, "my things".  I've been lactose intolerant for a while now. While in a souvenir shop, I overhear him talking to the cashier that we've been going on a dairy free diet. Once out the shop I asked him if he's suddenly lactose intolerant too, how weird! He just brushes it off and I leave it at that, but it irked me some.  When we have friends over, he'll jump the gun on any new stuff or hobbies I tried out and talks like it's his before I get a chance. Recently I got a new music instrument, so while I'm making drinks, he'll show them how to play it. I'm getting into collecting a special breed of plants, he's there talking over me about the weirdest species he's seen. I've been doing research for starting a business of my own and barely get feedback from his side, BOOM he's sure got some tips when my friends are over, that he didn't share when we were alone. I mean, what's going on here?  &amp;#x200B;  When he's out the house, meeting up with people, I like to plan girlsnights. It has happend quite a few times that he misremembered the date and is back at our house all of a sudden. Forgetting dates is something you're all familiar here, but instead of giving us the space, he just sticks with us the entire evening. I don't want to make him feel unwelcome so I remain too polite, but it's ruined more than one evening for me with his attention seeking.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm not sure if this falls under the trouble of reading social cues, or if this is something entirely different. Maybe it's not ADHD related at all, but I feel like his personality has merged with me sometimes.   Have any of you encountered this?
7e796ea4bffeebf77ef1013cd32eee4e8d8e45e07a94062f533982f736594ce3;;;Its my partners birthday, i won't make today about me but I have questions/thoughts;;;I'm 26m she's 24w today! 2.5 years together my dx ADHD partner told me about her adhd about 11 mos ago. She's also a survivors of CSA (so I'm also on the Secondary survivors subR) has Anxiety and Depression. Anywho.  2 weeks ago i told my partner that I'll bring her birthday present on Oct 4th since i know she has class for her Masters program on Mondays. Yesterday rolls around i ask her when i can drop it off she said she had plans so I could drop it off "tomorrow" (today). I agreed but it dredged up all these feelings about all the times we've made plans just for me to go out of my way to check in and find out that she has other plans or that she forgot. There's almost never an apology. And it feels like my time with her is less of a priority than time with anyone else. I have to be flexible but no one else has to be. Her family has priority--which is understandable--so do her friends.   Additional information:  I don't know which ADHD type she has or her specific 8ssues.  She doesn't take meds for her ADHD (she said it sucks) but she does take meds for her Depression.  She works FT and has a masters program  She overpromises her time (poor boundaries related to her abuse trauma and maybe her adhd too) I haven't seen her in 2 months and she only lives 7 miles away (we already talked about that recently)
b50e49b74a0b93e63139f1d5b40d5da8b6aab5ead55a18979f118e6d8bed3297;;;ADHD boyfriend (medicated) is shutting me out. How long is it acceptable to “wait” or is the relationship over?;;;My boyfriend (been together 3 months, friends for 8)  lost one of his family members. Ever since then, he hasn’t contacted me. He also has depression. I’ve tried texting him three times with no response over the period of 1.5 weeks, and then I finally sent a text recently saying I was here for him if/when he wanted to talk and that I cared about him, but I wasn’t contacting him anymore so he has space.   We haven’t seen each other for three weeks now, and haven’t properly talked in a month (mainly because we haven’t seen each other in person). Everything was totally fine between us before his family member passed away. I know he is grieving and I am trying to be sympathetic to that.   I guess what’s confusing me is that he never asked for space, hasn’t broken up with me, there’s just... no responses.   He’s done this to me before when he was having a depressive episode, but it only lasted a week but he let me know that he needed space. Now there’s nothing for me to go off of.  Did I handle it the right way?
a3fa1fa74826450418cd1c8e38aeab78003c13851082ecef029d4287aecead22;;;Newly DX Husband Returned Meltdowns;;;I’ve been tolerating meltdowns from my husband for almost 15 years. After an ultimatum that he gets anger management or a divorce (I now know this was very wrong) he started going to therapy and was prescribed Zoloft three years ago for depression and suicidal ideologies. The Zoloft helped and we even had successful marriage counseling. Recently he researched ADHD, took tests, and got a psychiatrist diagnosis for ADHD along with an Adderall (not sure the exact rx) prescription.   His first day on Adderall he said he felt great during work, could actually focus, and remember things. Day two he had drug induced appetite suppression which caused a meltdown after I asked him to just save his supper for later and not throw it away. Fast forward to day 6 and we had late night plans for a Christmas event that we needed to get dinner prior to. He took my normal dinner conversation that we have every other night as me wanting him to cook or choose and had a screaming crying fit about how he just wants to come home and relax which lasted an hour and half. Now today Day 7 another melt down because I asked him several times to take care of the dog’s barking but he decided to do other ADHD distractions each time he said he’d take care of it. So when I started to get up to take care of the dog myself he screamed and yelled that the dog is fine and I need to quit micromanaging him all the time, everything he does I micromanage and he can’t do anything right. During these meltdowns he will say hurt things and say that I should just divorce him if that’s what I want even though I haven’t said that since the first and last time.  His meltdowns were far less on Zoloft and I thought we were starting to really work on our marriage using tips from marriage counseling. Is this just an adjustment period or am I in for a lifetime of daily meltdowns?
7b62ed7d9e1586a622a9880c4eea7bd563d1d154a851b557106582803bd9313f;;;Sex with adhd partner??;;;So my partner and I have been together in a LDR for 4 years and he has adhd. I knew he had adhd pretty early on and knew he would be a little bit different to deal with. And thats okay, I love him and I want to adapt to him so we can work together.  One thing I didnt expect to be so hard is sex. But with adhd its hard for him to be able to pay attention to me and whats going on around him, and body issues do not help on his side. I've tried so much. I dont know what to do next. I don't know how to keep his attention or if it wanders, I don't know how to get him back.  We only see each other for short periods of time because of distance so it always feels like a race to get it while we can.  It's really hard because I wanted to develop a really good sex life and it just feels hard and complicated and I don't know where to start or what else I can do to help.  Will delete soon because I dont want this post found.
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Has/did your partner disclose their ADHD to management during a hiring process?;;;I was thinking the other day about whether ADHD is an AMA issue, which works after hire to protect them but what about prior to hire? The question in applications about either accommodations or special concerns for physical/mental health issues seems tricky to disclose at that phase, someone could easily be passed over who doesn't have (or doesn't disclose) their ADHD. How has that worked for your partners?  I'm fairly certain my partner was let go from his job because of factors related to his ADHD, even though they let several other people go in the name of downsizing. They did let him know that it caused some problems for him and for them (they were aware he had it once he was diagnosed after he'd been working there for a while). But I wonder how disclosure can work in a positive way.
c76a43389be1d003f0de934ba0ab4fad79402b48eb417e938b23ab35c42b7556;;;How/Do you help your partner find work when they aren't movtivated?;;;My DX spouse has been out of work since the pandemic. His unemployment plus my income has kept us doing fine, but the unemployment will run out in a month. I've explained to him that in order for us to move to a new city in a year, we have to pay off our debts and it's very hard to do on one income. He hates where we live and normally that would be motivation enough, but apparently it isn't. He does stuff around the house while I work so he's not just sitting around, but it's starting to become clear to me that once the UI runs out, he might be content to keep going the way we have been (if that happens, he's going on a strict fun money budget).  I've offered to look over his resume and proof it for spelling and content errors (which he makes often and doesn't realize it), but he started submitting them without the help. I told him he just needs to take something for the next year, just to get a paycheck coming in, but he's bent on only working remote and says he won't take just any job, he has to love it. I've explained that for one year, we have to do what we have to do, but he's definitely dragging his feet. I have firm boundaries about not finding work FOR him, but aside from gentle asking and checking in, I'm starting to really lose patience.  Those of us with ADHD partners know little things can set them off so I'm trying to be very careful, but I can see us hitting the end of the UI in late January with nothing else coming in and him not really trying very hard. He has an ADHD coach, but he says they don't talk about specific stuff like this, more like how to handle hard situations and how to keep his brain in check. Now though, I really wish she could give him real life tips. I could use any tips or advice you have.
e351e7e4d8785c296a44ea6942b8c685b1a0f568b6e4ac49babf2b21ab7a8321;;;Getting Back on Medication;;;My husband has ADHD and hasn’t taken medication consistently in several years. He initially stopped taking it when he was trying to join the Navy. That didn’t end up working out, but he decided to remain off meds through most of college. During his senior year (we had been together almost 3 years, and he actually proposed in Disney during the short time he was back on meds), he decided to get back on them, but he was only on them for a short time. He didn’t like how much he relied on them and how all the work he had put into himself (his focus, his patience, his anger) had just gone out the window. So, he quickly stopped taking them. It’s been almost 3 years, and he’s wanting to try and get back on them, because his ADHD symptoms are affecting his job (and our relationship a little). I’m wondering if anyone has gone through this and what steps were taken to get back on meds. I know we need to find a psychologist of some sort, but we don’t know exactly what we need to be looking for (let’s be honest, I’ll be the one looking lol, so any advice would be super helpful). If you happen to live in Nashville and have recommendations for a doctor, that would be amazing! Thank you so much I’m advance.
4b192b9ad2d13699ac081c37ec11e8367e35544dd3513e2ab39923fb7f2ed20f;;;I ended my relationship with my ADHD dx BF;;;    Hi It’s a long story that I tried to keep short of my relationship with my ADHD partner, it is my side of my story and I just need to vent out since I’m currently in the process of getting over on my break up.  \---  I newly moved in Australia for work, I have no relatives or friends here but it did not bother me much I’m excited to take the challenge, and so I met this cute, wonderful and sensitive man through dating app, we dated and we hit it off really fast. First few weeks that we dated I noticed that he doesn’t keep his promises, he doesn’t take me out for a date as he said he would but since its covid time, nothing is open so I accepted that, even though I can think of a lot of things to do without going to restaurant. So I suggested that we go for a park I was pretty excited about that and when the day came I was dressed just ready for him to arrive, when the day came he cancelled out for the last minute and my gut feeling said no. This is not right, I feel that I was being treated like whatever so I broke off with him, what I did not expected was I feel so strongly for him, long story short I fell in love and my heart and brain keeps on fighting and in the end I said ok lets try again, I will not be judgmental and try to work this out.   So I reach out to him and we got back together, we went on and off a couple few times and every time I broke up with him or he broke up with me it really breaks my heart. One day when we were just settled for being friends he mentioned that he had ADHD. I’ve heard of it but I never knew about it, so I researched, watched videos and eventually found this support group. Everything made sense and I sympathize with him, it must be so hard to have this kind of condition while people assume that you should be normal so I tried to understand him, there comes a point that he was down and was ready to give up since he lost his job and he doesn’t have enough money to live here in Australia since he was a student and working here.   I offered my place I told him that he was welcome to stay until he got back from his feet and we got back together at same time, from then on I see his behavior differently, I gave more patience and become more sympathetic in his condition. I though I can make it, I even think we would last and will eventually end up together however, reality slowly comes crushing down on me. The cleaning, 8+ hours of games, sleeping half a day and the rest social media, games and shows hit me. I gave more patience because I know this is ADHD at work but what rubs me raw is not once did he asked me out for us to go on a date, spend time together or do something together. We will go out half a day then the other half until the next morning he will play his game at the café.   I’m always the one who asked out. I think that my love for him start dying when on my Birthday that I have to remind him 3x yet he did not bring me anything. He just greeted me Happy Birthday preheated a bread and went out to his part time work. When he got home he just bought two beers and two instant curry for his lunch tomorrow then proceeds to let out his frustrations for the day. I thought I will receive flowers or even a cupcake for my birthday but none. The next morning we have plans to at least go to the beach so we can celebrate my Birthday, I woke up early and waited for him I expected him to at least at my important day he will have an initiative to wake up or be excited for us to go and celebrate since he never fail to set an alarm for his work and he always follow up with his cousin on where they are going if his cousins invites him.  half day later he's still in bed, I got angry, showered and get dressed to go out and he just said to me you’re going? And I said yes, he said are you ok? (obviously not) but I said yeah and he said ok have fun. And I went out and I was really, really bitter that day walking alone and just bought myself a cake and ate it alone at a café. From that day on I got my walls up, we got on some fights and every time we have one my love for him became less and less even though he tells me he likes me so much, I’m the best person he ever met, the best GF and etc. Until we had a heavy fight and after we calmed down the following days then months we stopped being intimate, I thought to myself that maybe he decided for us to be friends but he doesn’t have the balls to tell me or this might be ADHD? his hyper focus on me is over, I don’t know. But one time he told me that if I want to do something (sex I believe) I have to ask for it. And when I heard it, it sounds ridiculous why would I have to ask for sex? And when I tell him my frustrations about his lack of attention or etc he tells me you just have to tell me. And I hate it every time he say that. Why do I have to tell you? Don’t you have initiative? That’s what I keep on thinking. Eventually he moved out of my apartment and it got me to a long depression almost every day. He only visits me to pick up his stuff or when he needs a parking from the city.  The last draw was when I’ve been planning for months for the both of us on this coming holiday and when I’m telling him about my plans he told me that we were suppose to go to his friends xmas dinner or lunch (I don’t know exactly since he doesn’t know if it would be xmas eve or day) it hurts me that he assumes that we will go to his friend when I’ve been planning here alone for months now.   I told him that if he wants to go, he’s free to go but I will go as planned. I’ve been generous enough to say that we will go if the date for my plan will not be in conflict with his friends’ and he laughed at me and said I was such a Sheldon (from the show big bang theory). Everything has to be on schedule, even laundry has to be on Friday and at that moment I was thinking he was just laughing at me and its just like I’m just seeing him for the first time. I asked again on what his opinion about my plans and he just told me I don’t know, I don’t care whichever’. And then I knew its over, I don’t want this anymore, I've felt depressed, alone and I've been crying honestly even before he moved out. I ended it.   Right now I feel numb, sad and I don’t really have a support here since I live here alone. I talked to my family about it but its never the same since they were not with me. Its hard.. it was really, really hard but I thought its better now than later. I realized I was never happy from the beginning and I should have followed my gut feeling to save me this trouble.  Thank you for reading this, this is my side of the story and I know I also made mistakes. My Ex is a wonderful person that's unfortunately had ADHD condition but I'll never know if its his personality that's rotten or ADHD.   This channel has been my support and reference from my ex's behaviour. Thank you for posting your stories and heartaches I admire you all for staying to your partners I wish you all the best.
47116f412d21d127b16a98fee3007782060bf19a45ab821e38710e705e3a52d9;;;Advice in this scenario?;;;My husband has two things he does in the house....the dishes and take out the trash. That’s all I ask. I do everything else, with a 15 month old. He occasionally is good about stepping up and doing something for her, but almost always I have to ask him to do any other task in the house....and although the theory is that he mows the lawn/shovels the snow...he doesn’t unless I ask.   So, here’s this mornings scenario. Lots of dirty dishes from over the holidays and we don’t have a dishwasher...so I’m trying to get everything caught up, we hosted Christmas twice this week, and he wants to play the Xbox. I asked him to please do the dishes before he plays the Xbox and he got offended.   I know games are his thing, I read, he plays video games. And he’s good about not playing all the time because that was an issue when the kid was tiny....but how do I handle this?  I’ve posted before...I end up feeling like I’m some overbearing mother because I ask him to wait to play Xbox until he’s does something around the house.   How do I get him to understand that I’m not trying to be controlling but I know that if he sits down to play Xbox he will be at it for several hours and by then it’ll be nap time and he won’t be able to do the dishes because it’s right by the bedroom...
a5e90cb5b5a04245bb55fee56d8103db5dee9fa323c97cd169cad8fd00d3c2d3;;;Has anyone left an ADHD relationship and how did it feel after?;;;I assume the answer is no, at least not of the people still hanging around here, or why would we all still be here?  On the off chance somebody does have feedback, I’m genuinely curious. NOT because I’m on the verge of leaving my partner.   Because I see so many posts here about how cathartic this sub is. How unheard we feel. How lonely this is.   So, what’s it like without all of that? Is it worth it? Are you happy? What’s your perspective, on the other side?
ee9716c3e2c72ac24590027dec35895d7e90d7c928c6fd4f358b6a5d8097e7cd;;;Made a list of things my (25f) boyfriend (28m) has forgotten in the past six months;;;Hey guys so this past year has been tough. For a long time I’ve been feeling like my adhd bf of five years is so darn forgetful. A couple months ago I decided to document specific instances of forgetfulness on his part, just so I could see if I was making a big deal out of nothing. Please tell me someone out there can relate to all of this... (names have been changed below)   6/30/20 *lance gets confused about what weekend we planned to go down the river. Requests wrong days off of work. Has to go through the hassle of switching his vaca days 7/2/20 *walking towards the zoo. Almost there. I ask Lance did you bring your stuff. Forgets wallet and has to run back to the car. 7/2/20 (same day) *forgot what his doctors name was that prescribes him his adhd medication. Spent all dinner at a nice restaurant on his phone trying to figure out his doctors name and hospital where he gets prescribed. 7/4/20 *grandma Linda texts lance that morning. Asks him to bring veggie tray for Fourth of July. In grocery store Landon heads for the potato salad. Convinced that’s what his grandma asked for and doesn’t believe me. I proceed to ask him to pull up text and then realizes he forgot what she asked 7/5/20 *in grocery store. Get to checkout aisle. Lance realizes he doesn’t have wallet. We get home, he forgets to look for it. Go to get ice cream at 9 pm, I ask him if he found his wallet that day. He realizes he forgot to look. Panic cancels all his credit cards. Turns out he left it at Molly’s (our friend...we went to a gathering she had) the night before.  7/19/20 Lance mother comes into town... didn’t warn me. Didn’t mention to Macy (my sister and roommate) and I that she was on her way even though he swears he did.  8/3/2020 Lance orders package on amazon but forgets to press “complete order” until wondering where is package is 8/5/2020 Lance accidentally forgets to change shipping address to our new address instead of our old apartment. Package shows up at old apartment.  8/21/20 Mark (lances friend) is having a birthday party thing. Lance thinks it’s on  Saturday. Gets a call when he’s leaving work on Friday asking where he is. He got the days mixed up 8/25/20 Lance discovers a voicemail on his phone. It’s a call back from a place he applied to. They wanted to interview him but lance never saw the voicemail  9/7/2020 Lance started the dryer. Opened it up to realize that he never put clothes in it in the first place  9/22/20 Lance gets off of work. Makes a plate full of spaghetti. Starts microwave. I said “lance you forgot to put your food in there.” He says “huh?” Opens microwave. Realizes he didn’t put food in there in the first place and it was sitting on the counter the whole time.  9/25/20 Asked lance to put food away after video games. He forgot so all the stew went bad (Sometime in October) Lance went to scooters coffee shop.  Ordered a breakfast sandwich. Forgot he ordered a sandwich and drove away without it.  (Sometime in November) Lance went out to the gas station for snack. Forgot his wallet. Had to pay with scratch off tickets. 11/16/20 Pipe broke underneath the sink. Lance went out to get parts for it. Came back. I put note on sink that said do not use sink. Lance threw away the note and was fiddling under the sink and shut the cabinet doors. I assumed he had fixed it. He turns on dishwasher. Leaves to play video games. A couple hours later we notice a bunch of water on the kitchen floor. Lance literally did not fix it and forgot and started the dishwasher so it flooded again. Didn’t even attach the pipe  December- lance asks where phone is. I do not know. He has been missing it all day. Turns out it was under the seat of his car all day. 12-17-20 Lance went to kohl’s  to return something. Forgot he had a hair appointment and had to cancel last minute. 1-29-21   This last weekend we got a snowstorm that dumped 14.5 inches on us. I ended up having to shovel most of our driveway because lance couldn’t pull himself away from his video games. On the third and final day of the storm, I went out to shovel our driveway...my bf finally came out to help. Not five minutes in he yells “f&amp;@k!” I’m like “are you ok did you get hurt?” And he said “no I have my hair appointment at 1. I gotta go I’m sorry. Hopefully I can make it out of our driveway!”  2-5-2021 My sister and I go to a brewery with lance and his friends. It’s getting late and I’m ready to go to bed. Macy says in passing “well maybe we can play a card game before bed” ...(meaning the roommates that live there).Before even consulting anyone, or asking me if I wanted to, he proceeded to invite all of his friends over to our house even when I didn’t feel the best. I ended up having to entertain them late into the night.  2-11-2021 Lance forgot frozen pizzas on top of macy car (he was meaning to put them in garage freezer). Macy found them the next morning. 2-13-21 Macy buys iced tea trulys. Mentioned in passing that they aren’t her favorite. Watching a movie with my boyfriend when I notice him drinking one of the trulys she bought. I ignored it thinking he snuck one. But then he proceeds to carry the whole six pack downstairs. I said “lance those are Macys she bought them.” And he said “I heard her say that she doesn’t like them.” I said “so now you feel entitled to them? What if her boyfriend liked them? What if she was saving them for something else?” It just blows my mind.
56165fedfa527c9cbade862213a590acdf9bb0f8bb782c3047dbd51d7cc75e33;;;Dealing with a let down at Christmas;;;We’re having an early Christmas celebration with our friends today, which also involves a Secret Santa. Last night, I asked him if he got his gift. No. The conversation went like this:  Him: nobody told me, I didn’t know.  Me: you were there and involved in the conversation when we all decided together. I’ve also spoken to you about it at least 4x since.  Him: nope, that definitely didn’t happen. How could it have if I don’t remember?  This leads to me getting more and more angry and feeling super let down. I know that this is a pretty classic ADHD situation but I just feel I need some responsibility and an apology from him, but I can’t seem to ask for that without getting angry due to his defensiveness.   It’s just hard with Christmas because I have done all of the organising, choosing; buying and wrapping presents including for my step son (his son) which I am happy to do but it just feels like I’m propping the world up on my shoulders for him sometimes.   Sorry - this turned into a real vent, but TLDR: what’s the best way to respond to a classic ADHD let down situation to avoid both parties feeling angry?
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;ADHD spouse is finally talking to a doctor about meds next week!;;;It's been a road, spouses and partners. A road and a half. I've only been familiar with (what I now know are) his symptoms for three years but for him, it's been a lifetime.     About two months ago, my husband began to see a therapist who sort of pre-screened him for the potential benefit of ADHD meds. A few sessions ago, she recommended a doctor and he was able to make an appointment, which is happening next week!  He had a few moments in the last few months regarding his work, where he felt like he was too scattered to be of any use and got very down on himself about it. In spite of feeling this way, yesterday his work presented him with a promotion plan where he'll learn a new skill that will be a better fit for him in a company he loves but hasn't been happy in lately. Also next week, we fly to our hometown for his annual work meeting and I'll finally meet these people who see as much value in him that I do. The next trick will be for him to see it in himself, but that's a whole other thing...  We did have a blow up a few weeks ago when he forgot to do something for the house that I'd asked him to, and it resulted in an argument that got a little ugly. We never fight and it's never mean or rude when we do have arguments, but this time it was a little. He apologized immediately, but it gave us a chance to discuss how we both view his ADHD and how we approach it. I told him that while he takes the problems that come along with ADHD as personal failings rather than faulty wiring he can't help, he will be the stop to his own progress. That seemed to stick at least intellectually, but I'm very grateful he has a doctor to help him start to make sense of it all.  Unfortunately, his therapist isn't covered under our insurance and he needs to find a new one. Our new city has zero sense of urgency and it's been beyond frustrating, finding doctors who respond at all let alone fast, so I'm not looking forward to that part, but it's good to know the ball is moving forward! I know it won't all be roses, but I'm so excited for him to have some clarity and focus for the first time in his life!
ac31a11084d41deca95d0664d7b6aeb03815919eddd808b032a82edfc1eeee41;;;Weekly Victory/Success Thread;;;Living with ADHD requires a lot of hard work, endurance and trial and error in our relationships.  Maybe you have agreed on a new "to-do list" and it works, a new medication or therapy is working as intended, or the laundry has been done in a timely manner etc. Here is where we celebrate the victories no matter how small.
b52558df350a4d5002a77475f7f12668bca81b1683f23308edcdd0ba83a42877;;;Just my thoughts and advice as someone with ADHD;;;As someone with ADHD who really tries to minimize the impact my condition has on my partner, I find this sub disheartening at times. I know it’s probably a place where you guys just vent sometimes but I personally think if you wouldn’t say it to your partners face, you shouldn’t say it behind their back.   A lot of the discussions here are great and super informative but I’ve seen a handful that were honestly, just mean. The other day someone posted about how they wish they could have a of week *vacation* where they had ADHD and didn’t have to do anything because they could just blame it on the ADHD. That’s not how it works. Honestly even a week with it wouldn’t show you anything because it’s really the life time of being told you’re lazy, stupid, and just aren’t trying that messes you up.   All I’m trying to say is, please remember that your partner is *trying*. It can be (and often is) hard to see that from the outside looking in but it’s true. No one wants to be like this, if there was something we could do to fix it, we would. Meds help but they make you feel like shit and they suppress the parts of yourself that are the most you and that’s hard. Taking medication is like subliminally telling yourself everyday that you as a person, are not good enough and you need a pill for people to tolerate you. That really sucks. So even though it might seem like an easy fix to you, for some of us, it’s really hard to take our meds. It’s not our partners jobs to fix us or even really help us. All we want is your support and understanding.   I don’t think any of you are bad people. I can see some of you are just frustrated and that’s totally okay and understandable. I just wanted to give you guys a differing perspective. I didn’t mean this in a rude way, I just want to help you guys understand a little bit more.   Keep on living your truth and I hope you, and your partners thrive! :)
d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;Turned the laundry room into a closet for husband.;;;this is helping him a lot. yesterday though i noticed clothes all folded in the living room, clearly encroaching, and creeping out of the boundary lines. I made a comment. "Be mindful, your clothes are creeping out of the laundry room. "  to which i get a stern look in response, followed with:  "look, I'm gonna let you have that and thats fine, i get it, but i did just quietly accomplish two loads of laundry and folded everything."  and he was right. he did that independently, and completed it start to finish.   anyway, this has eliminated the clothes sitting in the laundry basket, as now they are out of the dryer and folded immediately to the counter.   i wonder if anyone else is able to do this, as i said it seems to be really helpful for him at the moment!
b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;Anyone else’s partner hyperfocus on video games?;;;My husband goes through on and off again phases with video games. Sometimes he won’t touch them for months, other times it’s all he does for extended periods of time. I’m currently a stay at home wife while I get through college, and I have no friends at the place we live at. So when this happens, he goes to work, comes home, hops on his game and talks to his friends all day, and then comes to bed long after me and I get no human interaction at all that day.   I’m currently going through a bad period with my mental health and the social isolation I feel makes it so much worse. I’ve tried to tell myself I should be happy he has such an innocent hobby. At least he’s not spending money, or out doing something he’s not supposed to do. But it still hurts. I feel like I’m not important at all and that he doesn’t value the time we spend together.   When I bring up how I feel, he makes more of an effort to be near me. Unfortunately he thinks sitting next to me watching videos on his phone is the same as spending time with me, or he’ll ask if I want to watch a movie so we sit together in silence for 2 hours and then he hops right back onto his game.   I’m just so lonely right now. I want to throw the damn computer away while he’s gone at work. I never would,  but that’s just how I feel.
9296efee0159575b68fd336eb67119f482587e1bd455edc630935a9a87578b62;;;BF says he can’t control his volume and it’s becoming a serious issue for me.;;;My (20) bf (22, DX, meds) tends to be very loud which is ok until the evening/night time. I have to remind him to be quiet 3+ times a night every night and usually I just give up. This used to just stress me out a little because I struggle with auditory processing and dislike loud environments but we live in a one bedroom apartment and just got a juvenile lizard whose enclosure is in our room. Our lizard is very young and very skittish, he scares from us looking at him for too long when he’s out, let alone shouting for hours around him when he’s trying to sleep.  We got into a fight yesterday because I told him he’s not improving at volume control despite me asking him to be conscious of it every night and I think I’m reasonably upset. He thinks I’m being unreasonable and believe that he’s simply not trying when actually he “can’t” control his volume and has always had this issue. I know it’s going to be different for every individual but both my younger and oldest siblings have ADD/ADHD, my little brother never had issues with volume control and my sister was able to manage it with medication so I don’t know if it’s really true that he can’t. I also just feel like his argument lacks empathy for both me and our pets by expecting us to just deal with it.  Has anyone here had any similar issues with volume control? Should I just believe him when he says he can’t or is there something more he/I/we can do?
90d7164a652ac7cb38c9d1d0a020af4d7d303b35729efbf5e76b7e7b6d09be3a;;;Tactics for getting the dishes done?;;;Hi!   My partner and I have been dating for 2.5 years, and we moved in together roughly 6 months ago. He's a part-time student, full-time employee DX with ADD. I am an overworked, over-stressed, very tidy, biology PhD student. There have been some small issues (i.e., him playing video games *all* weekend); however, everything is great for the most part. He's great about communication, and I can deal with him being kind of forgetful and late for things because those are issues I too struggle with. The major issue is that I have been feeling totally frustrated by the lack of help around the home.   When we moved in together we divvied up daily household chores based on what we each like doing. I love cooking and doing/folding laundry, so I took those tasks. He said he preferred taking care of the dishes and taking out the trash, so he took those tasks. I typically take care of bigger tasks, like cleaning the bathroom, because I know my tolerance for grime is far less than his. He's great about chipping in when I do ask for his help with the bigger tasks; however, he *never* does his daily/maintenance tasks (i.e., dishes and take out trash). When I remind him about the tasks he either gets grumpy about having to do them or says he will do it later and never does, then I get super upset because I already cook dinner everyday and don't want to be the one doing all the work, then he feels super bad and promises he'll do better, lather, rinse, repeat. The worst part is I'm starting to not believe him when he says he'll work on it and try to do better.   We both know it's an issue that won't go away, but I don't think either one of us knows a good plan for breaking the cycle that he will be able to stick to. At one point he tried having a system of post-it-notes by the door for him to check off his chores before he left for work in the morning, but he never used them (like literally never). I have tried looking for pro-tips online and the advice is either divvy up household chores based off what people enjoy or drop your expectations. We did divvy up household chores based off what people enjoy, and there is no way I am living with a sink full of dirty dishes and an overflowing trash can. I hate cockroaches and that is 100% how you get cockroaches.   So I was wondering, how do other people address these kinds of issues?
f949ef5668d760c80c6df63334b3e2ae125f5753925346f94950e653df4e9ae6;;;DX - Feeling guilty;;;New to reddit and this group. I was diagnosed about a year ago as an adult (my wife noticed the patterns in my behavior and encouraged me to get tested). My wife and I communicate well about my diagnosis, and on the whole knowing that the ADHD is there and that it’s what’s contributing to certain patterns of behavior has improved our communication and our patience towards one another. This includes the fact that I’m now on medication, and us recognizing when doses kick in/wear off.  Sometimes things don’t go so well though.   Long story short, we had a stressful and busy weekend due to an all-weekend family obligation (her side) along with some family drama not worth getting into here (we’re not *part* of the drama but we’re both feeling the stress of it through proximity to it), and I was especially irritable and resentful today. I was stuck in one of my “spirals” where I get fixated on an idea or series of ideas (in this instance, centering around the fact that any real potential downtime in the weekend to recharge introvert batteries was “gone”). The problem was exacerbated by me forgetting to take my meds this morning, but we hadn’t had time to turn around. We both recognized what was happening, but I was stuck between ranting and apologizing for ranting. It was extra unfair because she has much more of a right to be stressed and resentful about the lack of downtime than I am; we’re both busy with work, but her job is easily and recognizably much harder and I’m getting to work from home. Also the family stuff obviously hits closer to home to her.  She was really patient and understanding throughout the weekend, but I was still keyed up when we got home tonight and remained irritable and was hyper focusing with what remained of the evening (a bad combo, because it means I’m getting frustrated any time I’m asked to stop what I’m focusing on to direct my attention elsewhere).  One of my frustrated sighs at an interruption was the tipping point. I apologized but I could also tell that she had had it. She went to bed irritated and we said good night but I’m up late posting this because I took my meds later in the evening than I wanted based on when we got back home and they kept me awake, and I’m writing this instead of utilizing my precious downtime I was so obsessed with and ruined the evening over earlier, so seething at the loss and then seething at myself. Fatigue is just starting to overtake my emotions as I write this.  I’m having one of those moments where this diagnosis and the fact that I’m always going to be stuck with it is weighing more heavily than the victories we’ve had from knowing it’s there. I feel broken, and depressed at the unfairness that she’s as stuck with it as I am, sometimes in worse ways.  This is just sort of a general confession/lament/apology to you partners because my wife is asleep right now. I’m sorry. I’m going to try to be better.
34453c5841337ef7a041ac86d6a50bee0449fc5fbd07f626d07c94296ef8c357;;;I’m lost and tired with my partner;;;My partner (M18) DX , and I (F17) NDX have been dating for 10 months now, I feel utterly and completely lost on what to do, we struggle with communication, we’ve had this struggle in the beginning and he initiated a break that lasted a week and he asked me out- from then it’s been 10 months and as much as we’ve improved I feel like him personally has improved but then has stagnated and has stopped concentrating on the issue which in turn has made more arguments arise , he always says that I bitch about the little things that I say- for instance I will be saying “I feel like you’ve been really cold with me today and I want to know if I’ve done something or if there’s a issue” and he would just get annoyed that I blamed myself for his problem and it’ll turn into me apologising and somehow admitting it’s my fault for his issue.  I will admit, I ain’t perfect, and I make mistakes, but I try my hardest to understand and communicate any issues we might have or anything that might be up with me, I’m honest and blunt with things because I have learned sugarcoating stuff will not resolve anything between us.  Just today, he’s been sweet with me for the next few hours then cold and grumpy with me, and I made a stupid joke on my Snapchat about if my partner cheated I would burn their car- and he replied to that with “I will petrolbomb your house and family if you touched my property” , I feel that was uncalled for and utterly wrong, and I voiced that, I have made it clear to him it was not aimed at him and that in fact it was a joke as it had a meme attached to it from another person and I just added to it without thinking.   He’s behaviour towards the meme about cheating made me feel like he was acting suspicious- and I made that clear to him, “I understand you misunderstood the meme but your reaction is starting to look suspicious”  And to that he responded to- “ wow are you being serious! Do you really think I would cheat on you”   And it was a on and off argument about this- but enough of that- we ended the conversation with me saying that “I feel replaced with the way you have acted the past months and with how things are going, I am not saying I want to break up in no way shape or form , but what I am saying is you need to work on your communication because I feel like this relationship has become one sided”  And his response was “Wow you really think I’m that sad to replace you? I’m not changing for anyone , if you don’t like it you know where the block button is and how to break up with me”  This was all on text btw- after a while he called and apologised, I’ve accepted it because I’m tired of crying and feeling so hurt.  His rude behaviour has been continuous , every odd week he would get extremely rude, and I can’t say I’m perfect I add fuel to his fire and I can’t excuse my behaviour but I do own up to it and apologise.  He takes his meds off and on, and he’s on the highest dosage of adhd medication.  I don’t know how anyone could help me with this- but any info or advice will be greatly appreciated, I think I might of rambled but I’m at my wits end.
4e69cf5ee491f680c6a94744bcb4c14275349e59d8c323ec3de2c34a90d31fe0;;;ADHD and weed?;;;I (19F/neurotypical) and my DX boyfriend (24M) tend me be quite the opposite when it comes to romance. I tend to be a very obvious hopeless romantic who needs words of affirmation and he tends to show his affection through actions in a very low key manner/not super emotional way. However, whenever we smoke weed (In Canada wheee it’s legal of course), it flips and he becomes very cuddly and talkative towards me, instead of splitting attention like normal. And I become a little more withdrawn. I’d like to know thoughts about this and the adhd brain on weed?
061719e9686141aeb8b011ffc346182e4c0bc097a3c8d040f7af56e9060a9340;;;My husband feels like his ADHD quirks are making him a bad person;;;Hello all, I’m a 22 year old female recently married to a 23 year old male with very severe ADHD. I’m a person with astronomical patience, so most of the day-to-day stuff of his ADHD doesn’t phase me, like difficulty being engaged in communication and his hyperactivity. But lately I’ve voiced some frustrations with some of his behaviors, and he’s responded to it with saying that they’re involuntary. He now is feeling like a bad person for these things and is wondering if it’s either part of ADHD, or another undiagnosed condition, or if it’s a genuine personality issue. Either way, he wants help, we just need some insight on where to start. And additionally, I could use some help in coping with these bahaviors healthily. This is more than just hyperactivity or trouble concentrating.   First off: He’s noticed recently that he’s not just “not a hugger”, he straight up doesn’t enjoy being touched. Apparently a lot of my physical affection makes him almost cringe, and it almost hurts. Kisses, hugs... that honestly has taken a toll on me, since I’m pretty touchy-feely and an absense of that can make me feel pretty anxious. After realizing this, he feels bad and apologetic. He doesn’t like sitting close to me, doesn’t like accidental strokes, taps or anything. I feel like I’m in a bubble but I don’t want to make him worse. He also has a huge aversion to certain textures.   Another thing is that he has severe social anxiety. But a unique strain of it. He’s a textbook extrovert who loves his friends, and is outgoing and engaging, he’s the life of the party, and he’s great at including new people into a group. However, he will never be caught dead eating in a restaurant by himself. He won’t run errands on his own, won’t go shopping... the idea of a new situation like that makes him terrified. I have to go everywhere with him. I don’t mind that so much, but he’s wondering why that is when he’s so great in other situations.   He has almost no empathy and is confused by people who do. He’s not very understanding and has huge trouble putting himself in someone’s shoes. If he’s going through something, he doesn’t know why it makes me sad too. He doesn’t know why I cry so much at everything. He doesn’t understand why I have to take a moment to process why I’m upset over something. (He seems to have a direct link from his brain to his mouth). He often misinterprets emotions, tone, and is fooled by sarcastic or deadpan statements. (Think Drax from guardians of the Galaxy) there just seems to be something off in his social cues.   And finally... he says he has this urge to be the “bad guy”. He’s a recovering alcoholic, and what gets him back into a cycle is him not wanting to be seen as the goody-two-shoes who doesn’t drink. He says he couldn’t go to AA meetings because he wouldn’t find pride in his sobriety streak— he’d want to break it. He is never affectionate with me in public. He hated our wedding because he didn’t want people to know he felt that way about me. (That could be that he’s just very private— I don’t know) He also celebrates and encourages irresponsible behavior, like his young friends partying and getting in trouble with drinking or drugs. He says he can’t wait for my brothers to get caught watching porn one day, or for my sister to get knocked up by some guy in college. I came from a very conservative home and everyone’s very well-behaved, and he almost wants to see us all corrupted some way. He thinks I had an almost negligent childhood since I wasn’t allowed to watch R-rated movies when I was 7. This may have to do with his father wanting his children to be perfect, and maybe now my husband has a chip on his shoulder against those who do seem perfect... I don’t know. He just thinks getting into awful trouble is part of life and shouldn’t be discouraged.  There just seems to be something wrong with his perception of morality, and he’s aware of it. He knows it’s why he’ll probably never stop abusing alcohol.  He IS self aware of all of this, and wants to know if it’s his ADHD, or another diagnosis he needs to get checked out, or if it’s a personality problem. He’s willing to find help. And quite honestly I need him to. I feel lost in all of this. I love my husband very much and there’s so much more to him than these struggles I’ve listed, but it has taken a toll on me. It’s so early on in our marriage that I’m wanting to tackle things before it becomes too late...   TL;DR: Husband struggles with touch, empathy and morality wants to know what he can do about it.
24778218d8bcf0a9eb76787d241d5db4dfec74189ea5e27af21e8a87abb7a537;;;Vent; TLDR: husband is so neglectful his anniversary gift (for me) has *nothing* to do with me;;;Our four year anniversary is coming up—July. We were going to go on a cruise, $300~—it canceled. Then it was rebooked for *September* (that’s Not our anniversary. So, are we Not celebrating—in **any** way—our anniversary?)—*he* payed more money to the tune of $1,000+ (**Completely** Unnecessary)  aaaaaand it was cancelled, again. He wanted to rebook, a third time. I said, “I’d rather not 😐😑 we can just book a cruise when we **KNOW** cruises are going to be *happening*.”  He bought me a gift—$100 worth. I see the charge on the bank statement &amp;amp; ask him about it (we’ve had card theft/fraud a few times), “Oh, it’s a gift—don’t look into it—it’s for our anniversary—it’s your gift. Don’t look into it, ok?!”  He bought me $100 worth of makeup.  I don’t wear makeup.  I haven’t worn a full face of makeup since *BEFORE* we met (9 years ago).  Being “natural” is one of the things (he *said*) he likes about me.  Why the Fu*k did he buy me makeup?  **FOR OUR FOUR YEAR ANNIVERSARY!** 😤😡🔥  I would be more prepared for him to admit he’s cheating. 🙄😑🔥  ———  In case any *non-makeup wearers* are reading this, people put makeup on to make themselves *More Attractive*. This F%#@&amp;amp;r bought me **makeup** for our four year anniversary—the message there is that I’m not attractive *enough* for him 😤 *Before* him, I had Great confidence; throughout our marriage I’ve stayed close to my *high school* weight—[without giving a ton of personal info] I have stayed a size 8~. There are other features he says he’s attracted to that I haven’t changed—because he says he’s attracted to them. GraaAAAAAAHHH! 😤🔥🔥🔥  ———  BEYOND the overwhelmingly offensive, impersonal nature of the gift 😤 he *knows*—becauseI hace **told** him over 5 times—I have a **bad** “relationship” with makeup.  *Eaarrrrrrly* in middle school my *mother* “encouraged” me to wear makeup to cover my early, pizza-face acne. Her “encouragement” escalated to the level she wouldn’t *let me* get in the *car* if I hadn’t put on *Enough* makeup…even when I had 2 full layers of *Full face*  makeup on. She would yell at me, blame *me* for “making the family late”, follow me inside the house, apply *another* full face layer of makeup because I “didn’t” cover up (the overwhelming redness from) my acne “good enough” al while *blaming me* that I was “doing this **On purpose**“ (???)   So the whole “makeup is Fun! Let’s *express* ourselves through color &amp; style” **NEVER**  happened for me; instead, the Makeup Message I got was, “ you need to hide your face—is Hideous! You didn’t put ENOUGH on—More! I shouldn’t be able to see any color of your Skin; only the color you Put On!”  ———  he’s *Terrible* at surprises and after the first one (wedding ring) I suggested we *never* “surprise” each other again. He is “Capital T, I will never forget how awful/Humiliating/last-minute-and-Completely-unplanned/unthoughtful/self-centered this ‘surprise’ gift/date/idea you had ‘for *me*’ was.” 🙄😐🙄😐😑😶Yay. You gave me a *thing* miss I have to *LOSE MY FU%KING MIND* like as if I care—or even know—what this is. Yay me, I got another ‘gift fit me’ that was Obviously for someone else.”  For *my* birthday last year he bought “us” season passes to the theme park **he** dreamed about going to as a child 😐 I didn’t know about this place 😐 i didn’t care about this place—it wasn’t special or exciting to me—I had been to enough theme parks I didn’t care to go to *another* one 😐 I didn’t ask to go there 😐 and I *certainly* didn’t ask for him to spend more than he’s ever spent on a “gift” ($200 season passes + $15/meal food + $20 parking + $35 food passes + [gas each trip] + etc.)  When I pointed out to him that:  1. I DIDN’T ask for this—he referenced a *conversation* we had about it. How *excited* **he** was about the park he “never got to go to as a kid” &amp;amp; how I said “that sounds nice” meant I **totally** wanted to go **More** than he did.   2. This wasn’t a present for *me* because it was centered on the park **HE** “never got to go to...*as a kid*”. His response, “NO! This is a gift For YOU because I *gave* it to you 🤩😁😁🤩🤩😁😁🤩🤩😁😁😁🤩😁🤩 Aren’t I a great husband!!!!?!???!!? I spent, like, $300+ in this... so *we* could... every weekend...and it’s only [$] more if we get a parking pass...and the food passes [$+]...and...and...”
77b6845bab320bb876d1271d062998898cc5cde9c3d9c971d475d8129ba0d37e;;;Irritable partner ruins day again, what to do?;;;Recently Dx, but not yet medicated, partner is again irritable over something (there was something that irritated me for a millisec, and he heard it as if I snapped at him). He said sorry but continued being annoyed AF, then told me he wasn't annoyed at all, and me not wanting to deal with his irritable ass was unfair, because he absolutely spoke to me as he would always do. I can hear the difference between normal talk and what he did right there. It was NOT normal. The words were short, forced and through the teeth!  Then he ditched all the plans we had for today and is now moping at home while I'm trying to get something out of today (which is hard, because I had looked forward to doing these thing together and we can't just reschedule).  His family just lets him be irritable and just stops 'pressuring him', eventually everybody moves on and the cycle repeats. But I'm not convinced that this is the optimal way to handle this. I have tried talking him through the emotions, but how much can a person do that? I feel like a private 24/7 psychologist. I want to write him now, like "it's perfect where I am, come see it", but on the other hand, I'm just so fucking tired of this. I also want to wait it out and he can write or call me when he misses me (prob never) or when he needs something (I figure he'll get nervous around 5-8 hours from now, because he would want to know if I sleep at home or not, but it wouldn't be because he missed me).  I get now why everybody leaves him alone when he's irritable. I just can't live my life ALWAYS preparing for everything to go wrong at any moment. And no, I'm not creating the situations either by preparing, they will happen whether I prepared or not. So now I'm just preparing. I usually have a way out, but this is not sustainable. I need him to deal with this. Soooo, what approach will help him the most to see that all he gets out of continuing this way is an unhappy relationship? His family never showed him that this is not cool. I will not adopt a sense of normalcy towards this. Does that mean that I'm not fit to be a partner to a pwADD? or can I expect it to get better once he's medicated? or can I do anything to speed up the process? Should I leave him and ignore all the problems like his family does? Should I just leave him alone until he calls and says "ok, I'm done gaslighting you now, I was irritable, and I want to change that"? Should I go home and hug him and be understanding again until I have no soul left for myself? It's the last one, isn't it? Just show love and remember to do things for myself, right? And then just never ever agree to do stuff together or make a plan – or just always be understanding when he gets irritable and backs out every day or every other day till my life falls apart again?  Bonus info: I have NO support system what so ever.
d2f7a8ec81f7668bd0728b43d83f6a5c03e7f4fb252c8b4c851c067fdb2fff0c;;;ADHD Partner with 2 kids;;;Hi everyone, I have been married to my husband(non-diagnosed ADD) for 5 years now. Things were fine and I was trying to be accepting of his differences, which I thought were quirky pre-kids. Now we have a 3 yr old and a 1 yr old. My husband constantly zones out, is tired, wants to rest and do his own thing, and is not paying attention even when he is physically present, which makes me feel anxious and I never leave the kids alone with him. All of our bickering and fighting revolves around something his inattention and forgetfulness when we are together as a family.  He comes into the picture on weekends to toss the kids around and make some silly faces which leaves the kids adoring him. I always feel conflicted with how things are going. I feel he is insensitive, does not help enough, and is not mentally present, which drives me crazy.  He is really a great person, the kindest and most understanding man I know. We get into this viscous cycle of me pointing out his faults and him hating me for it and not understanding what he is doing wrong. I feel like he has no common sense and is super stubborn when even I am nice about telling him what is wrong.We've been to couples therapy and the therapist pretty much told me that I have to accept him for the good and the bad. But alas we have 2 little kids and things are never so simple as just leaving the situation you're in.  I am not sure how to get out of this never ending cycle and don't want to keep living like this. Anyone else in this position? How did you manage?
6eaf6c0d90a56aebbc7b57777bcfd05dc5abe0c4b71641a55d173a81e50862d7;;;I'm having trouble figuring what I should do;;;I'm fairly new to reddit so I will try my best.  I'm currently M(21) and my girlfriend(21) that's has adhd in our relationship. Our first three month were the best and now going into our 4 months in our relationship. Sometime it feels like I'm am unwanted and I know that they get distracted very easily and I have come to understand that. Dont get me wrong i love her so much and willing to do anything for her. The fact that sometime I want to have a conversation or sometime wish for her to show a little bit of emotion but everytime I do get into a conversation with her usually after 5 min she does something else which I understand that normal and she usually tell me that she listening to me talk but the longer it goes on she get distracted by what she doing and I usually leave her be.I also do notice that when I truly tell her how I'm feeling and being honest with my feeling  sometime the conversation switches from me explaining how I'm feeling to her explaining that something in her body is not feeling good and which I switch gear to help her calm down I dont know what to do to be honest and the thing is that she told me that it feel like I dont trust her when I do. Sometime it does feel like I put in the most effort and give her all the attention in the world and I want to stay in a relationship with her cause I love her so much I'm just very confused and I want to get better for myself and for her. Thank you for listening to me I know I left out some information
a21a2484c4799745c71a462b150e6758950a85322561747330ecba19e7082fcd;;;DX SO, How to handle RSD, unemployment, and relationship conversation?;;;I think I [F 31] have triggered my [DX] partner's [M 32] RSD by talking about our future and I don't know how to handle it. We've know each other for 3 years and been in a committed relationship for around 1.5 years. Before that it was more of a friends/ FWB situation. My partner struggles with a cocktail of ADHD, chronic depression and anxiety.   For the 3 years that I've known my partner, he's been unemployed. Prior to that he was finishing a PhD. My partner and I don't live together. He experienced a loss in the first year of me knowing him so I didn't expect him to be looking for work at that time. Also, I've dealt with long-term depression and unemployment in the past, so I empathize to an extent. But 3 years is a long time.   He takes his meds consistently and has recently gone back to therapy and has seen an unemployment agent. But he rarely turns in job applications. It's affecting how I feel in the relationship and I would like to look to the future with him.   I'd rather bring up issues than let it fester and ruin the intimacy. The problem is that talking about the future is a trigger for either RSD or depressive episodes for him. He shuts down and can't talk for days. I feel terrible for triggering him, but also feel at a loss for how to have a conversation about what we want for the future of our relationship. Does anyone out there have advice?  tl;dr - My unemployed partner shuts down/ has RSD episodes when I try and talk about our future. How to handle this?
dacad776b3fda429f72ac7bcf823b6088185c3d6fda7ac218fec4c1b9cf77200;;;What is wrong with mental health care in the US?;;;Months ago I agreed to help my NDX partner make an appointment with the mental health clinic. They sent us each a form to fill out with an envelope. Weeks later I asked if they had gotten back to her but she had lost the form. No problem, I called and had them send another one.   More weeks pass and I call them to see if they'd gotten the forms, but they said they hadn't been keyed in yet, call back in a week. Another week passes and I call back again, and now that it's keyed in they're saying that due to COVID they have a six-month backlog of interviews before getting an appointment, call back then if we don't hear from them in six months.  I'm NT and the whole process was difficult for me, let alone a person struggling with ADHD. It's ridiculous that they would have a multi-step process which requires so much executive function to make an ADHD appointment. It's like only having stairs at the paraplegic clinic, or putting all your braille signs on the ceiling.  Can anyone provide a reasonable explanation for why this process is so difficult?
a3f980ff844f8f6951eeda6a5bfda507ced1a12f480a50b8ed2da34eb63678f9;;;Am I over reacting? I don't know if I'm just being sensitive, but this really bothers me.;;;So my ADHD boyfriend started traveling for work recently. Whenever I wake up for work I shoot him a good morning text not expecting a reply back. Grab my coffee, turn on the news and start scrolling through social media. And then I see it, he's online. Hour, hour and a half later I get a good morning text.   It bothers me, but I don't bring it up. That weekend, he comes home. Have a great weekend together and I casually bring it up.  He tells me that usually first thing in the morning, he likes to mindlessly swipe and that texting me back is just a little much for him in the am. Fair enough.  This week I notice he's starting doing it during the day as we text too. I'll get 2-3 FB tags from him, but no reply to a text about something important. Then he calls hours later without replying like it's business as usual.  I'm trying not to be upset about this but it's hard knowing he's  actively seeing and ignoring my texts. What upsets me just as much are the lies. Oh, sorry. I just got off work and the first thing I did was call you. I want to say, no you didn't, the first thing you did was scroll through FB like and share a bunch of stuff and now you're finally getting around to calling me.  Can someone show me another point of view, explain his or agree with my feelings?
a3b2753f10652936dd6ce01ceeddd8a6ebd0a9870adef3cd74f38ec076d5cbd6;;;Persistent over-explaining issue?;;;My wife (D/med) and I have an ongoing issue with explanations and I'm wondering if anyone has insight about it.   Basically the pattern is that say, for example, she said she would do X and then the time came and X didn't get done. I say, "hey did you do X?" and the immediate response is a list of reasons why she didn't do X. The explanations come across to me like excuses, even if I try not to hear them that way. We've had good conversations in therapy where I've explained that all I really want is some acknowledgement of responsibility and a solution. Like - "oops yeah, I didn't do X, I will set a phone reminder to make sure I do it tomorrow." Easy.   BUT. She is really committed to making these explanations. She will not stop doing it. I try not to be bothered by them but I just can't sometimes. After so many years of this stuff they really come off as excuses. So I've started saying "look I really don't care why." And I've made it clear that I always assign a benign reason - it's not like I think she forgot X on purpose to hurt me (although it can start to feel like that at times). Of course there's some reason why she forgot X, and or course it was unintentional. I know.    This is where we get stuck. She loses it when I say that I don't care or don't want an explanation. When I ask "why do you feel like I need to know the reason?" I can't really get a good answer. She's so triggered at that point that we can't really have a conversation. The best I can come up with is that she feels guilt or  shame for not doing X, but if she convinces herself that she didn't mean not to, then she's not a bad person. So she has explain to me so I don't think she's a bad person. And I don't think that. I just want X to get done. But she is really angry that I don't want to hear the reasons why, and straight out says that I'm a terrible person for not caring about it. It's become an issue all on its own. I honestly, after 13 years, do not have the energy to care about it. And it has never been helpful, except in the case where she needed help doing X or something, in which case "hey I could use some help with X" is much more productive.   My question for all of you is: have you experienced this? Do you have any insight or tips?    I'd like to be able to just let her say her thing and listen, but I'm just so tired. I can't run a gauntlet of explanations every time anymore.  :(
0bb7b73a351f2d6ae5781ddefaf797e0d6535e6a47f2710360bc0b25953a92ef;;;ADHD by osmosis;;;I am the NT partner in a relationship with ADHD spouse and I enjoyed being organized. However after almost twenty years with my ADHD spouse I noticed that I'm more likely to lose my train of thought, organizing is becoming more difficult for me , I can't multitask anymore and when I am doing something I don't get intensely focused.. Anyone other NT partners notice this?  I've also noticed the same pattern with one of my siblings whose pouse and child both have ADHD. She just seems frazzled all the time, has difficulty making decisions, is always late, changes her mind frequently and then denies it oh, and has a hard time committing to anything. it may just be the stress of living with two ADHD people all the time. It's brought us closer together as frequently we will call each other up to commiserate or share methods or technology the help our loved ones stay on track. For example this past holiday season everyone received tiles from me as their Christmas gift.
fb2c86c3898bf230d8a0c9843cb4a7f32934e9e511852367ddf749a4117db53c;;;There's no balance in this relationship;;;I just found this sub and I'm so grateful, I've been having a tough time lately with my ADHD diagnosed/sometimes medicated partner. It's so validating to see other people having similar experiences and finding advice.   I've been feeling for a while that my relationship with my (36M) ADHD partner is out of balance, and I (32F) don't know how to fix it. We've been together for a little over a year and a half, with some ups and downs. We're currently in a down period and I don't know if we will make it out, to be honest.  He works in public service, and COVID has made his job 100x more difficult and 100x less fulfilling, which I can understand. He's deeply passionate about the social cause which he focuses on, and I respect and share his views on it. Lately though he's been discouraged and drained by his work, and ends every day venting about it, which is sometimes the only thing we talk about. He tends to dominate conversations when he gets going, which I knew from before, but it's worse now and the negativity that he pours on me is so hard to deal with. It's gotten to the point where it's the same talking points over and over.  The other night in particular was rough. He'd called me at the beginning of the evening and told me he was coming over, which I was happy about. Then I didn't hear from him for hours, and when he finally called me he said he'd had a last-minute meeting that went very very long. And of course the venting started, and lasted for 20 minutes. By this point it was 10:30pm, I was a little high, and I said "ok, no more work talk!" Which he took as an insult to his work, to his core beliefs, and to his calling and career.  He got very upset and essentially told me that his work was his life, and that I didn't support him at all, never mind the fact that I have spent so. many. hours helping him with tasks and being an emotional dumping ground. He basically told me that the solution is for me to help him *more*, and that any time I make a request he may or may not perceive it as criticism, which was somehow on me to manage.  I don't know what to do anymore. I had a long talk with him today and told him that while I do support him, I should also be able to request that we not talk about work for *part of one evening* without it becoming a referendum on whether or not I care about him or about social justice. I'm feeling exhausted.
b8bfef07efea4662f2e94234309511166ca9bb1f979bfa70b5cc08db086360be;;;Rejection sensitivity, blame and fabrication/gaslighting. I need help with my SO;;;   Hi all,  I  (38F) don't have adhd, but the man I've been seeing (36M) is since  summer does. I care for him quite a bit so I have read up heavily on  ADHD and how I should respond.  He is a beautiful person under the  outbursts and forgetfulness and I want the best for him and I.  I'm  asking you all because I know other subreddits will just scream at me  to dump him and I'd rather learn if anything I can do different can help  first.  He  is not medicated (refuses) and self medicates, while I don't agree with  this, it is not something I think he is willing to give up as of yet, I  do think he'd be open to it someday. He has had a beyond difficult week  and while it's always been clear to me hes sensitive **his latest behavior has been to start fabricating lies.**  He's  always "embellished" stories but lately everything wrong in his life is  my fault and when I explain how it isn't calmly and patiently but  firmly (**it isn't AT ALL, sometimes I'm not even present**)  he then will fabricated a story that involved me saying or doing  something (that didn't happen) to then make it look like my fault. When  we first started going out he would blame me if he lost his things, was  late etc.  Sometime with quite a bit of anger. Things I have zero  control over. I did a mix of firm "yeah not my fault" and ignoring and  he stopped for the most part after a few weeks.  So  lately the blame has gotten much more elaborate and the fabrications  border fantasy. They now involve me saying and doing things I have  couldn't have even done. So far I've just done full non response, or  saying firmly that didn't happen and dropping it, etc.  However the new  thing is If I drop it he will bring it up over and over fishing for a  reaction.  I've now hit a point  where he's stacking these fabricated events together, and is now  paranoid inventing things that did even remotely occur. I'm guessing hes  either trying to sabotage this (I"m the first stable person hes dated  ever) or hes so sensitive to rejection hes trying to make himself feel  better.  Needless to say I'm  concerned. Is this a response to the very stressful event/fear I'll  leave him if he somehow admits his bad behavior etc?  Is ignoring this  the best response? Lying is dealbreaker for me, but I can't help but  feel like this is something more pathological/painful coming from a  different place than normal deception.  I  feel there is so little out there about the best way to respond (to  adhd in general) or its geared towards parenting. I'm saddened that the  common advice is just to leave.  Help.
b56a26089e8186b18deb234c9073e9fe881361b7683634381bba3a14e9083cb9;;;Does your ADD partner think no one hears them yet chronically interrupts?;;;Quick Q- I’m constantly having to hear my still untreated ADD partner rant about this after most social engagements, and it’s making me feel crazy. They say that they can never get a word in edgewise, that “everyone we know just wants to hear themselves talk”. Yet what I observe is that they don’t actually listen to anyone and jump in and interrupt constantly. And when they try to tell a story it goes on way too long, with no clear arc, and unnecessary sidetracks. Folks glaze over. For the record, we have great, highly emotional intelligent folks in our sphere. I don’t think they are overtaking the conversation.  I just avoid social situations with my partner now, and with COVID-19 it’s been easier to do. But when I take a risk and have one or two folks over I have to hear afterwards how victimized my partner feels over being unheard, and of course i walk on eggshells worried they are going to say something rude or thoughtless.   Anyone else have this issue? I hate how isolated and avoidant I am of being social now. It’s leading to depression, and yeah- I could go do stuff alone, and I do. But that feels even more depressing when I want a PARTNER in this life.
1bba57585f37c7186a962ad759e097f895e36987867bdfcbf221021e98e11884;;;Ghosted by partner;;;I’ve only dated him for 6 months and I’m his longest relationship (previous was 3 months, he says). He told me from the start he has ADHD, sometimes takes meds (if needing to focus on work) and had therapy for 4 years. He was very keen for the first few months, then went abroad with work for 4 weeks, but was excellent at keeping in touch. I got a new job a further distance from where he is based but made the effort to visit. He started to show signs of being a bit mean-spirited at times, and the lack of future planning or expressing how he felt was now glaringly obvious and couldn’t be concealed by just it being a new relationship.  I know I’ve got an empathetic nature and was giving him space and time. I spoke to him on the phone a few days ago and asked when we would see each other again (considering we’re in lockdown &amp; he’s seemingly happy to be apart for however long). I’d made him part of my support bubble and it doesn’t seem unreasonable to have someone make plans to see me. The pandemic is his fall-back excuse. I know we’re all to reduce social contacts. And I have done. Meeting him in the summer when things were less restricted and now seeing his true level of emotional commitment. He got angry on the phone. I said I needed to get back to work &amp; thanked him for posting something to me (makeup bag I’d left behind at his house). I’ve messaged him twice the day after the phone conversation. No reply. One message was to thank for the parcel and say I’d put money in his account for postage (which i did) and another was video of the snow (as he’d sent me one a few days earlier).  I feel sad. He’s not communicating. It hurts. I wasn’t pushing him, I gave him space. He couldn’t say anything about a future or say if he felt anything more deeply. To be ghosted by someone I’ve spent a lot of time with for last six months is awful. I’ve seen him online so he’s ok, just not responding to me.  Friends have told me to not message or call him. They said I did more than enough and he wasn’t ready for relationship. The times we did spend together was nice.  How do I get past this?
53d1eb52c404c547c3fb125555d02575c8f527834bb099d5174696c8c69192f2;;;Want to break up with partner in 2021;;;It sounds bad, but it’s come to this point. He (23M) and I (23F) have had good and bad moments between us, but I feel as if I’ve mentally checked out on our relationship for 1+ year now.   Because of the on/off nature of our relationship, I want to make sure he knows this time is permanent. I am planning on bringing this up at our next couple’s therapy session. The problem is, our couple’s therapist is HIS usual therapist. I feel outmatched since they both seem to vibe off each other’s energy and lack commitment to talking about worthwhile topics. I know, incredibly passive aggressive of me to pass judgment on what’s worthwhile or not, but there’s clearly stuff that’s affecting our lives right now.... and then there’s what they talk about. Our last session in November should’ve been dedicated to helping him prepare for the stress of December school finals, but we ended up talking about an honestly unimportant argument where we had a fight over me not reading his cue about stepping into a puddle of trash water. In case you’re interested in know, I did not, in fact, step into the the trash water. But he is upset that I didn’t heed his non-verbal warning (the one that I didn’t understand in the first place) to not step into the trash water. Of course, when finals came around, he mentally checked out and left me doing the heavy lifting *cough cough*  I don’t hate him. I just don’t want to be with him. I don’t really feel the need to explain myself either, but I will do so if pressed and I’ve never been afraid to do so. The problem is, in the past I’ve I cave in to his requests to get back together after proposing a breakup. The reason is usually his promise to clean up his act and address his mental health. And while there’s improvements, it’s just too little and often too late.   It could be the fear of being alone since his my first boyfriend and we’ve been together for 6 years. What should I do to navigate it and make this breakup stick, especially when his poor handling of his ADHD is what led us to this point? I don’t want him to feel bad about his ADHD, but I was never truly mental health myself and I didn’t know the amount of emotional commitment I’d undertake at 17 when I agreed to date him. While I don’t resent him for it, because really, who can foresee the future and the course of mental illness and neurodivergent disorders. I did promise to love him through thick and thin, yet I have nothing left to give to him. And it sucks that he knows this and he feels guilt for it, so I forgive him and we get back together. How do I, for a lack of better word, not forgive him?
f169648ea960b59194aba3df9a406930a835540010c945f047f23046306030f5;;;I have ADD, spouse has SEVERE ADD.;;;Hello hello everyone. I thought I would try and find other people who can relate.  As a teenager I really struggled with ADD and being homeschooled. I also had undiagnosed depression. Later on in life I developed severe anxiety and PTSD as well as an eating disorder. My main struggles in life have been my depression and anxiety, with a lil sprinkling of ADD. I have understood my ADD for so long and never really had the need for meds, because my ADD is mild. I have learned to adapt my home and my personal bubble to fit my specific needs. My tools to combat ADD work like a freaking charm. Sometimes I forget I have ADD (ironic) because of how well I am able to manage it, and because of how severe my husband's is. I still struggle with it, but it's nowhere like my husband.  My husband has been medicated for ADD for as long as he can remember. He also has PTSD, depression, and anxiety. He went off his ADD and depression medication when we first got married, and seemed to do fine, but the ADD really got out of hand after a few months. I was completely unaware of the parent/child dynamic being a thing between ADD and non ADD partners, so I thought he was being a lazy jerk when I would come home from a 13 hour work day and he couldn't do the list of chores I left for him. I started leaving lists because he would forget that things needed done regularly. The cycle continued up until recently, and despite his medication, his ADD is just taking over his life. He's forgetting simple things at work, at home, for enjoyment, and even lists and alarms do not help at the moment. He forgets how to get home, he forgets how to get to the grocery store, he misses a lot of hazards when driving, which has resulted in a lot of close calls...So he finally started crying one day and told me he no longer feels comfortable driving. He is so frustrated, guilty, and angry with himself that he cries frequently out of self-hatred and even self-harms at his lowest. It breaks my heart to see him suffering like this.  I am not exactly a non-ADD spouse but because my ADD is managed so well, the dynamic is still there. The more ADD ravages his life, the more stressed we both get - I need the house to be clean since we live in a really small space, and I also need to feel like I can rely on him to do things to help out without me even really needing to ask. I hated that even when he was driving, I had to be his GPS in addition to the GPS - he would miss turns even if the GPS was on and talking, so I had to be the backup GPS. It was stressful even when I was supposed to be relaxing. Now I drive us. One more thing added to the list of responsibilities that I feel never ends. We are in therapy to work this out. I feel so bad for him and try to be patient because I love him so dearly. He is not stupid but he feels like he is. He is also not lazy but he feels like he is. He has asked me if I want to get divorced so I can marry someone capable of the basics. I could never ever do that. I love him way too much and he is working on things. If he was unwilling to work on it, I would struggle to want to work this out.  Currently we are waiting for approval to get financial aid on a new medication that would be $300/mo without this assistance. We are going to therapy as I mentioned before, and I recently discovered that our situation is not unique. Neither of us are alone. I am not a bitch and he is not lazy. We are in a parent/child dynamic and are working to change it. We love each other deeply and I am so thankful that there is a community who understands what we are both going through. As a mostly non-ADD spouse it is amazing to find all this validation.  I don't expect anyone to read all of this. But if you somehow made it through, I would love to know your tips and tricks to help. His ADD is basically hindering his life at this point and I want to know how I can help him, while also giving myself the grace of knowing that this IS a frustrating situation and that I'm NOT crazy for being upset. How can I help my husband remember things without being his mother? How can we make our home ADD-friendly? How can I be a supportive spouse?
279b979836fac0182c978694f35a0db388b9fb04a81ab1c20bcf48c5b23efec6;;;In a tough situation...do I move long distance to be with my partner?;;;Hi everyone  My husband is DX with ADHD. He was diagnosed with severe ADHD when he was a child. Me and my husband are married but are long distant. I live and am from Canada and hes from the USA. We have been married for over 2 years (total over 4 years together) and we have applied for a marriage visa for me to move there to be with him (a CR-1 visa) which we have been waiting for almost 2 years now since we got married. I was basically at my interview for my visa to move there but the whole covid-19 thing happend and is now delayed until further notice.  Ive been having massive second thoughts moving there to be with him and contemplating heavily divorce, for awhile now, way before the whole covid19 thing. We have had massive problems in our relationship right from the start....I do love him, but its hard being with him (not because of our long distance). Ill explain...  &amp;#x200B;  When we first started going out I knew immediatly something was a little "off" with him. The way he acted, presented himself, hyperfocusing, extremly loud and erratic etc. I just figured he had a very "unique" personality. I however, got hooked on his hyperfocus on me (which completly faded away out of nowhere). Only this year I found out he has severe ADHD. He never once told me in our 4 years together, and he told me he's not on medication for it. The only reason I found out about him having ADHD is because I started doing research trying to figure out why he does certain things and acts the way he does, repeated patterns, and I felt like it was ADHD. I asked him if he had it and he said "oh ya ive had severe ADHD as a kid". He also said he is not on meds for it. I started delving into ADHD books, forums and its EXPLAINED SOOO MUCH, why he is the way he is and why we argue so much (because I couldnt understand why he did certain things and I had no idea about the ADHD).  &amp;#x200B;  His ADHD causes us immense issues, some examples (some of these might not be ADHD though?):  \&gt; chronic lying  \&gt; cant read body language when he makes people uncomfortable and me  \&gt; tunnel vision, aka says innapropriate things at innapropriate times, doesnt think of the consequences  \&gt;  has cheated on me multiple times (online) but then gets mad at me for getting mad at him for it  \&gt; Bad common sense, (e.g see's zero issue with accidently leaving the stove on all day for 12 hours while he's out at work) ( another example he fondled his sisters breasts infront of me the first time I ever met her and he couldnt understand why I was mad)  \&gt; extremly overly sexual, constantly wants sex, talks about sex nonstop, hyperfocuses on sex. Porn addiction   \&gt; unemotional, e.g if I go to him crying because im upset over something he will ignore it and start going on a monologue about himself or sex which makes me feel alone  \&gt; Turns every conversation into a debate or massive monologue  \&gt; Cuts me off constantly when I talk then turns it into a monologue about himself  \&gt; Not emotionally there ever, Its like talking to a wall with him  \&gt; Forgets things constantly  \&gt; Tends to belittle me and others when he talks  \&gt; He's been kicked out of multiple places he's lived at because of his ADHD   \&gt; Repeats the same conversations to me over and over, as if he forget we have had that exact same conversation 100x  &amp;#x200B;  Theres many more I can say but I dont want to make this too lengthy.  Ive sat him down over our years together and we have talked about these problems in great legnth (before me knowing he had adhd) and NOTHING EVER changes, it always becomes a repeated cycle at some point with him with him doing these things. Ive asked him to please stop chronic lying to me, please be there for me more and I tell him how he can be (but he still doesnt), stop cheating on me with other girls online but it never changes etc.  I told him recently I want a divorce because I cant handle his symptoms. When I first found out about his ADHD I was very supportive but nothing changed and he kept chronic lying and all the other things to me. I couldnt take it anymore.  When I brought up divorce he told me he will go on medication. So he's recently gone on medication for ADHD to help mitigate it (last 4 months been on it). He's also been reading lots of ADHD books and has promised to go to counselling for ADHD. The problem for me is he told me he wont go to counselling until I move to the USA. As I said before we are long distance, and because of COVID-19 I havent been able to go visit him (last I saw him was January, so I havent seen him in person while hes on meds so I dont know what he's like on them). He tells me he feels great on his meds but I hear no difference when we talk on the phone, hes still extremly erratic, cuts me off nonstop, belittles me etc.   &amp;#x200B;  I guess im lost on what to do, I feel a little betrayed him not telling me he had ADHD. I wish I knew early in our relationship so I could have understood things better. I also feel like if I move there to the USA to be with him things wont change. He says hes on meds but I hear 0 difference in the way he talks on the phone to me. He also said he wont go to adhd counselling until I move there but what If that doesnt even help? What if hes just saying that and then doesnt go? (again, he chronic lies). I dont want to be in a relationship with a chronic liar, cheater, and someone who isnt emotionally there for me etc. But it seems like he's trying....But im scared I will give up everything to move there to be with him for nothing and regret it.  &amp;#x200B;  I guess im looking for input or advice what to do....
cf113a66f58f654cc9c2d0fe3dd5e61feac329b515ca49e3057a1a2ed820b33d;;;ADHD and social issues?;;;Hi, my spouse is Dx with ADHD. I was just really confused about what social issues are associated with ADHD? What are your experiences?  &amp;#x200B;  Spouse seemed to have autism/asperger's type social issues when we first met, but therapist says she doesn't think he has it because he speaks well with her/reads situations well (ex: holds door for her, keeps eye contact etc.). He's pretty charming and fine with his co-workers/friends (he can lean towards talking a lot and making weird jokes occasionally). But wth me, he has trouble with eye contact, is fidgety, but also doesn't realize the things he says that are impolite and blunt, or thoughtless. Sometimes his way of coping with conflict sometimes is to make jokes and laugh, to lighten the mood, no matter how upset I am. His face and tone are also usually flat when we talk, but he does have a short temper with me and gets frustrated/angry easily. He's overall bad with social norms and can be socially awkward.   &amp;#x200B;  He has mentioned that emotions are hard work for him at work. He enjoys social outings at work though, now that he is medicated and functioning better.
2d70b8f09a48b078b46f2109bb0fa7d50aad513a99c11654ba62ebbd91a29b88;;;Too many chances?;;;This morning he (medicated ADHD) wanted to go to the antique store nearby. Sure! Sounds fun. I just got out of the hospital, extremely tired, and the Florida heat isn’t doing any favors. I ask before we leave if he’s checked they’re open, yes yes he’s checked. Halfway there I realize it’s Sunday and am suspicious they’re open. He checks for real and no, the shop is not open and I just walked a mile in pure humidity for nothing.   Got home and he told me he needs those second chances to tell the truth but that feels like he’s asking too much. I shouldn’t have to be okay with being mislead or lied to the first time like I’m talking to a five year old that hasn’t actually brushed their teeth. I don’t think it’s fair to even ask. He thinks I’m being unreasonable.   TLDR: Does anyone have any advice for the white lies they’re fed all the time? Any resources? Has therapy helped at all?
60690d25188d0f62a3d619242ac392d44f84a296a778b33d7bb15ba0888a5d14;;;Making Sense of Lying, Risk, COVID, and Death;;;I am so disappointed, upset, and frustrated that I literally feel sick. I couldn’t sleep until 3 am last night because I felt terrible and was ruminating about all of this. I’m trying to make sense of a situation to determine what my next steps should be. If anyone is willing to read and provide advice, I would greatly appreciate it.   **Background**: My wife and I have been married 7 years, have 3 children (6, 3, 1), the 3 year old has pretty severe special needs (rare genetic disorder). I work two jobs year round and one contractual job that lasts about a month every July. My hours are down a little right now (COVID) and I probably  work about 50 hours/week on average - no more than I have to right now.  My wife stays home with the children and does not work. This was a mutual decision. She gets up with my daughter, who has sleep issues, for around 1 hour each night,. She spends a lot of time taking care of her, acts as her OT, PT, SLP, and teacher because everything is virtual for my daughter right now. It is a lot. My daughters issues coupled with a 1 year old definitely wear on her. My job can be stressful at times as well.  My **wife** is DX, medicated, and has been working on developing strategies to manage her ADHD through a facebook support group for individuals with ADHD.  My **sister-in-law** (SIL) is DX, medicated, but has not developed many strategies to manage her ADHD yet.  My **mother-in-law** (MIL) is NDX, not medicated. She did try my SIL’s Concerta once and remarked that it helped her be much more productive. She is 62 and seems to have developed some strategies to manage her ADHD, although I wouldn’t call her ADHD well managed.  I do not have ADHD. I have suffered from anxiety, depression, and body-focused repetitive behaviors most of my life. I have been in therapy for 6 months and am medicated for my mental illness and have made a lot of progress over the past year - but I still struggle. I have fairly serious trust issues probably stemming from childhood trauma.  **Situation**:   **April-May** \- **Quarantine** \- We lived with my in-laws. Although I absolutely did not want to, I did so because my wife needed help with the kids beyond what I could provide and we had lost all respite care and babysitters due to COVID. This was generous of my in-laws and I appreciate it. Everyone quarantined and worked from home, except my sister-in-law who was living there as well. Her exposure was limited at the time but higher than I was comfortable with- she saw her friends occasionally. I told my wife that my SIL, who has ADHD and has not developed significant coping strategies, is a huge risk to get COVID in part because of her ADHD and recklessness. She ended up testing positive for COVID in July.  **June - Death -** My MILs brother, wife’s uncle, was sick and had COVID symptoms. He has no immediate family and lives near my MIL. He was independent but my MIL checked up on him often. She knew he had COVID symptoms. According to my MIL, he told her that he called the doctor and the doctor said “You’re fine. You just need to rest at home. Don’t come in to the hospital.” My MIL did not check up on him again - no calling, visiting, etc. He lives 5 minutes from my MIL. I would never say this out loud, but in a small way, I think my MIL’s ADHD played a role in her brother’s death. He had been dead for a week in his apartment when someone else found his body. My MIL blames herself in part for not checking in on him and for not pressing the issue that he should seek medical attention. We found out from the medical examiner, who received his medical records, that his doctor actually told him it is likely COVID and advised him to seek immediate medical attention. He ignored that advice and lied to my MIL about it according to her. My in-laws have not disclosed the autopsy results.  **July - Positive COVID and Quarantine -** SIL tests positive. I predicted this back in April. She said “It was probably this random person I was talking to on the street who said they were sick.” That left me a bit stunned. We had to quarantine for 2 weeks and get a test (that nasal swab is terrible!). We continued to quarantine for 2 additional weeks because we had a family vacation planned with my in-laws and we wanted to be as cautious as possible so as to not expose my in-laws to COVID. Quarantine was hard because of my daughter’s special needs. On vacation we did not distance from each other, but were distanced from all others. As far as COVID, it was a fairly safe vacation.  **August - A Difficult Decision -** My wife and I had a thorough discussion and came to an agreement following vacation that our exposure going forward was high - not by choice - and that we should not see my in-laws until the situation changes and we can re-evaluate. My in-laws know that we are struggling daily to meet our needs and the needs of our children, so it was especially important for me, and my wife agreed, that we tell them explicitly that our exposure is too high right now for us to see them and that we can seek help elsewhere. We even told them that we should zoom more often, like we do with my parents, so that the kids can see them. I suggested fun Zoom activities. They have not yet really taken that up. We did not want them to help out and put themselves at risk just because we were struggling. I have been hiring baby sitters to come over to watch the kids so we can get caught up on chores and so that my wife can nap. My wife and I agreed that things are still tough but this works for us and is something we can deal with.  **September - COVID Exposure and Betrayal -**  MIL wanted to see her grandkids and I agreed that it would be okay, so long as she understood what our exposure is like. Also important to note that it is not possible for my 3 year old or 1 year old to wear a mask and  my MIL was picking them up and holding them right next to her face.   She came over on Tuesday morning. Tuesday afternoon I got a call that my son’s teacher had tested positive. I immediately called my wife and said “this is exactly the situation that I was trying to avoid. This is why I don’t think it is prudent for your mother to see us right now. Do you agree?“ She agreed with me. I said “Is this something that you want to talk to your mom about by yourself? Are we on the same page with this?” She replied yes. She told her that we shouldn’t see each other right now and told her about our son’s teacher testing positive. My MIL cried but said she understood.   Friday, my father-in-law asked me to call him. I called him and the essence of what he was saying was that my MIL is still sad over the death of her brother in July and that seeing the grandkids makes her happier. This was a brief conversation that we agreed to continue later as I was driving with my son in the car and it didn’t seem appropriate to discuss in front of him. My father-in-law was pressuring me to change our decision to not see them for the time being.   I said goodbye feeling very confused and uncertain about the situation. I didn’t understand why they are pressuring us to change our decision. I told my wife that I needed some time to talk to my parents, who we are also not seeing right now to avoid unnecessary risk. I wanted to get their perspective so I could make sense of the situation. I talked with my dad for about an hour and it helped. I then talked with my wife about it and said I just don’t understand why my FIL called me and pressured me and I don’t understand after the past few months why they can’t understand that we want to be cautious - after a COVID death, two positive tests, and two quarantines.   I literallly said to my wife “You and I are on the same page with this. Why wouldn’t they talk to you first?” Eventually, my wife confessed that when she talked with her mom she told her “If it were just up to me, we would keep seeing you.”  That was not what we discussed when I talked with my wife about the situation. She never once told me that she felt that way. So, I just learned that my wife was not honest with me, undermined me to her parents, and I feel like she essentially told her parents “this is my husbands fault.” I have trust issues and this has sent me in a bit of a tail-spin. I don’t know how to proceed except truthfully with all parties. I’m not sure how to feel about my wife right now. I feel betrayed, lied to, undermined, and I’m not sure how to start trusting her again.  If you have read this far - thank you. I don’t think I have ever written a post so long! If you have any thoughtful advice I would sincerely appreciate it. My feelings are very confused right now.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;How can I help him?;;;You'd think I would know some things after 2.5 years with someone. Fights and frustrations have been becoming more frequent once again. Problems in the bedroom are on the rise once again. Things we had really resolved in the past like, making the bed each morning and not leaving clothes on the floor being forgotten again.   Sometimes it's hard to tell if it's actually phases or just always this way but I think (hope) it is indeed rough patches and not a bad relationship.  After another long, exhausting talk that felt like it went nowhere I asked him to elaborate on one thing he mentioned earlier on in the evening before leaving the room. He mentioned just feeling very bad all around lately.   I had a couple ideas as to why. I am easy to forget his struggles because he tries so hard to hide them and I can be very oblivious and forgetful to other people's hardships if it's not frequently made clear and obvious.   He opened up about a number of reasons why. He is:   struggling with his school work,   recently realized he most likely did not get a job he interviewed for (again),   is struggling to find the issue in a friends computer though he prides himself in being the go to tech problem solver,   doesn't know how to best deal with pest and insect issues in our garden,   is unsure of how to help some indoor plants that have been struggling,   called out of work today because he let his sleep get so off track and he was sad about our fighting,   feels like he needs to do xyz to make me feel better,  and hasn't been enjoying his leisure activity (albeit more of a mild addiction) of playing video games.   I feel awful that I have any part in his feeling so down and know he gets very defensive about people helping him. I want to take some of this off his plate but I'm not sure what I can do, especially because we are having some difficulty getting through a day without an argument this week.   I want to be gentler but would also like to do more. I garden with him but also don't know how to help the outdoor plants and get told not to handle his indoor plants even if I know what to do. Beyond that I don't know how to just be good support or help him get a handle on all these things. Any ideas?
f19b1f92caf5a7ac7bf63c78d540edaf61e86af4c406caa372258ef53151016a;;;He is reacting aggressive and agitated, but he says he is calm;;;Ive experienced this almost everytime we have had to resolve a conflict, or talk about something emotional.  His body language turns aggresive and confronting, he raises his voice, moans at me or laughs at me. Sometimes copy what I say, or use immature phrases.  If I ask him if he is annoyed or angry with me, he will always with no exception, tell me he has never been more calm - while looking like a guy who wants to punch something. If I tell him he is coming off as angry, then all hell is lose, and he will start to purposely mock me in a bullying sense, like loudly laughing at me because Im so stupid.  He doesnt apologize for it, and even when he has actually calmed down, I dont think he has a sense of how its emotional abuse.   Is this emotional reaction normal with adhd? How am I supposed to handle it? He has asked me before to point it out when it happens, but when I do he becomes cruel.
0b782c1ab16dc7f3dc719522e5ba2c34a07da1efb36529cc27d7527402bbf7fd;;;I feel so alone sometimes;;;Hey. I'm a long time reddit lurker but have never posted before... But I feel so lost and hurt right now as I sit in a grocery store parking lot, that I figured I would try give writing a post a shot and see if anyone could give me any good advice or even make me feel less lonely.   I'm a 25 f dating a 25 m with diagnosed ADHD. We have been in a relationship for just over 2 years. We have a lot of issues and fight so much. He lives with me and my parents because he's been handed shit hand in terms of life and we wanted to give him a fair shot at picking up his life.  I don't want to get into many details but atm I'm just feeling overwhelmed. I try and ask him to please keep track of his cups and dishes better, since he has a habit of constantly leaving them wherever he uses them and I'm left to pick them up. I know it is due to his ADHD and I try to be patient. Just like I try to be patient at the fact that he rarely ever comes to check up on me to see how I'm doing or to give me affection; meanwhile I'm constantly making sure he's okay as he plays video games or cards in his room.  But today--and subsequently the reason I'm posting this-- is that we got into a fight. Except from my POV I wasn't trying to fight... At all. I had just been trying to explain my feelings. See, I have a 1 year old German Shepherd who loves going out on walks, and me and my Bf have been trying to go on walks more to be healthy and to improve our relationship... But I was told to wait since he was in the middle of a video game and had to finish "one thing." I'm an avid video game player myself so I get it-- take 10 mins to get to a good and safe stopping/saving point and then good to go!  ... Except the dog and I ended up waiting about half an hour. Now, normally this wouldn't be a bit deal... Until it dawned on me that I'm constantly expected to wait for him to do whatever he finds that he needs to do, before getting what I want. If I cook dinner and ask him to come eat, I have to wait until his game is over. If I ask him to help me take in the groceries and he spots a stack of magic: the gathering trading cards, I'm told to wait until he sorts through the whole stack... To the point where I'm usually done by the time he puts it down. If I need help with something, I have to wait for him to finish what he's doing or else he gets angry with me.  Well today I was feeling kind of sad about it.i have my own issues-- chronic anxiety, depression, ocs... So I told him I was sad and he asked me why, and I didn't really have an answer. So he left me in my room for a solid 15 minutes to go back into his room to finish his video and came back, which had only made me sadder in his absence. Eventually I admitted that it made me sad that I was left constantly waiting and felt put second in a lot of aspects. I made sure to say it in a calm way that didn't sound accusatory or like I was BLAMING him-- I was just trying to be truthful about my emotions.   He got angry.   He told me about how he has explained this a million times and that it has to do with his ADHD and that he can't change anything about it and won't apologize for the behavior. I ended up falling into silence as I usually do, as he tells me that since I don't have ADHD, that I "won't get it." And he's right-- I've never claimed to be an ADHD expert. But this response made me feel so unheard and made me feel like my emotions or feelings weren't important at all. I've been holding in tears for over an hour because I had to drive him to work, and he recovered from the fight rather quickly, but I didn't want him to know I was still upset about it as I didn't want to stress him out before work.  I'm just feeling so sad. I feel like I'm not allowed to say anything if it pertains to a behavior caused by his ADHD. I feel like I'm always told I have to deal with it and the emotions it causes by myself, or else I'm being unfair. I'm so sick of feeling so alone and unheard and unimportant because of this. I love him and do my best to care for him but this sort of thing always just tears me into pieces that I have to pick up by myself, lest I make him angry and self-defensice again by trying to talk about it. I don't know what to do.
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;We've grown to 2000 subscribers!;;;Hi ladies and gentlemen,  We've grown to 2000 subscribers and that needs to be celebrated!  I want to thank you for helping setting the tone for this place; where different opinions can be expressed as we genuinely believe it adds to a richer soundingboard, and being respectful about it.  I also want to thank you for enriching this community with your advice and anecdotes,    and when nothing else can be said, your words of comfort and understanding when needed the most.  That being said, let's keep it short and sweet.    Glad to have you on board! Carry on :)
700dba06b66c6bbeee7007c3af323388d8fd6b7564f6a6339197b0884ad81e0e;;;ADHD wife preaches self-care from the couch while I keep the house running;;;We ended up fighting again tonight after she sent me another video about prioritizing self-care over household work.  This is all fine and good if you have someone else pulling their weight. What do you do if you don’t have that option, and outside help isn’t an option because of the pandemic and immunocompromised children?  Our division of responsibilities:  Me - earn the money (able to work remotely, thankfully) - manage finances - manage medical care and insurance - grocery shopping, cooking all meals and dishes/cleanup - housekeeping (except the bathrooms, which we have our older kids starting to manage—such a relief) - clothes shopping and laundry with the kids  Her - Supervise kids while they do online school - Supervise kids during the time between when they finish school and I finish work - our laundry, which sometimes gets finished by the end of day 2 without my help - manage her ADHD, anxiety and depression with medication and regular therapy   I’ve laid this out for her before and talked about how it’s killing me. She offers to take on more, then doesn’t actually take care of it, and then I get to play catch-up on the stuff she’s neglected. If I push her on why she didn’t take care of it, she spirals and blames my unrealistic expectations. I don’t know how many more times I can take this “you should take care of yourself first” conversation without absolutely losing my shit. I know her brain is unkind to her, but a little recognition of her own part in my overwhelming workload would go a long way.
a1c01389cdee6b52cd9a1d7db7ffcf5dde49b03ba03f33cf56e8f1c3bd7b851a;;;Feeling stuck.;;;So really I'm needing some advice. ALT account because I've seen him going through my main reddit.  I've been with my partner (DX/MED/21M) for over 2 years now, living with him for 1 year. In first year and a half, things were great. Amazing, I've never felt more cared about or loved in my life. I really believed that my future was going to be with this man, and I believe he felt the same, so we moved in together.   We've both gone through a lot together, so to sum it up the past 6-9 months have not been great. One of my biggest issues right now is that he doesn't do anything to help me out. Nothing. It's my responsibility to set his alarms, wake him up for work, make sure he gets to work on time, make sure he's eating meals, cook, clean, find his things, schedule his appointments, pick up his meds, I even manage his paychecks. Now I can't complain too much because he does help pay for the bills because he works full time, but I am still the one who is making sure we have the money and that they get paid.   I also work full time and I have just been exhausted lately. I recently started medication and therapy for myself and I am just drowning in medical bills and my daily schedule is full, so I'm having a hard time keeping up with the less important responsibilities... such as cleaning. I am also very demotivated because I caught my partner looking and saving multiple random girl's nude photos and contact information to his phone. I knew before this that he viewed porn, which I eventually became okay with, but this was next level. This completely broke all my trust I had for him. I do admit a reacted irrationally and threw his phone. I didn't think much of it because I was so upset, but it shattered. And despite what he did behind my back, all I could think about was how I was going to buy him a new phone the next day. And I did, by the way after we discussed what happened and how it made me feel. I wanted to break up with him. He promised me he would stop doing this and that he would do anything to stay with me...  So I'd like some insight or advice on wether I should stay with him or not, because I'm seriously debating it. I love him with all my heart ... but I feel like I have no support, no help, no one to appreciate everything I've been doing. Ever since than I can't stop comparing myself to others. I feel so ugly, so unwanted. What little people I did share this story with just told me to leave him, and that he's not going to change.    My problem is people think it'd be so easy to just up and leave, but it's not. We're both on the lease. We're both on the car. We share or items and clothes. We sleep in the same bed every night... how do you just completely break that cycle? I don't have money saved up to just pack my things and move somewhere else. I don't have much of a support group either... I have no family or friends to go to. At the same time, I don't want to give up everything I've built with him. I would miss having him around so much... I feel stuck.  I'm sorry if I didn't give enough details, I don't usually do this. I just am in a dark place right now and would really like to see some kind of light at the end of this tunnel.
def39e6fa6adf28ce1fa5856a4b4c51fb8485f2843cfdad7e12d8af63856ab44;;;What helps when they have that tunnel vision hyperfocus?;;;When he hyperfocuses my husband gets really impolite and dismissive to everything around him that’s not the thing he’s focusing on. It can become a real problem and he doesn’t like it but he doesn’t know how to „snap out“ of this tunnelvision, no-empathy, nothing but this one thing matters -mode...  Any advice? Are there cognitive behavioral things he or I could do in those moments? Would meds help? Is it not possible to snap out of it at all and we just have to try minimizing damage?
264a11f51947f70ec63780262b72f58a11759f4ef66949c12eca4646471deac3;;;A note from the partner With ADHD;;;I am the DX  Hi! I'm new here and this is my first post.    Being the partner with ADHD many things have been trial and error.   But some of our biggest successes have come from a book called Fast Minds.  It has tips for people With ADHD and tips for people who know someone with ADHD.  It helps understanding for both sides and provides things for both parties to do.   Additional note:  A community member from r/ADHD are reading this book as a "book club" so to speak to discuss topics.  If anyone would like to be a part as an active participant or to be a fly on the wall and see how we function and discuss please feel free to message me and we will coordinate.  :)  Edit: If your DX/NDX wants to join they are welcome!  But for the best of the group and the DX/NDX please do not attempt to make anyone join.   - anyone is welcome to just see/add ideas
ed46311f794fc64146da35feff3249abfde54356433a2f652a94ff2736a8865b;;;Symbolism/emotional connections;;;Is it a specific adhd thing to not connect any emotions to objects or places?  Examples: partner remembers a specific piece of art that we saw together, but gets the place, time AND PERSON THEY WERE WITH wrong.  I take off my engagement ring because of weight loss, but they act like it doesn't matter one bit to them. They don't have the slightest thought of suggesting to get it made smaller or replace it with a wedding ring. The symbol an engagement ring represents is just not existing anymore.  We have pre-diagnosis fought endlessly about something we wanted to do, but partner would always forget. Ads for that place doesn't trigger any feeling nor memory of any experience of discussing how we wanted to go, what we imagined doing there, how we fought over not going or how I'm still hurt that that promise ended in bullshit. It's just neutral.  After having visited places (think museums or zoos) they remember facts about art techniques or animals, but no way they'll remember that we had fun together at that place. The place is connected to facts more than their shared family time.  .... and tonnes of other examples. The list goes on forever.  What's your verdict? Typical ADHD or something who doesn't give a shit? If normal ... does anyone care to explain how the fuck this works?
177656c2c2bcf573b7e1992588e9c0275b83ef197dec90e1016a66272aa5f09c;;;My gf (17) has adhd and anxiety, how do I make her feel better?;;;We’re both in high school still and lately she’s been feeling sort of alone because nobody we know has both adhd and anxiety, how do I help her feel better?
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;Feeling Guilty About Breaking Up;;;I’ve mostly decided that I’m going to break up with my SO (ADHD, medicated) in a few months when our lease is up. I’ve tried to encourage him to expand his support network, become more independent, and have serious discussions about my happiness and where we see our futures going to at least queue him in that I’m not happy.   However, I’m feeling really guilty when I think about breaking up with him. He takes rejection extremely poorly, he’s codependent on me in an unhealthy way, he doesn’t handle change well, and he loves me a lot and sees a future for us. We have very different priorities, but I think his fear of being alone stops him from seeing that we aren’t compatible anymore.   Does anybody have advice for breaking up with their ADHD SO? How can I make it easier on him leading up to the breakup and when the time comes?
048690b6fc532c7c976570e6f132d55daaaf5697d501bf056c7757f4ea6ff7b1;;;Shall I end my 20 year marriage?;;;Hi  I’m new to Reddit.   My wife of 20 years has ADHD and, I suspect, rejection dysphoria (DX - diagnosed six months ago and medicated). We have three children. I suspect one has ADHD too.   I love her and she has some amazing qualities but I’m broken by our marriage. I desperately want her to get better but we’ve been in couples’ counselling for three years, she’s had individual ADHD counselling for 12 weeks, and I feel like we’re just not getting better enough.   I want to say again that there’s so much to love about her before I say the rest. She doesn’t listen, she lies, she forgets things, she rages sometimes, hates me, is sarcastic with me, interrupts me constantly, ignores me, makes awful comments in front of people and sometimes just gleefully (metaphorically) tears me apart.   She desperately want to improve but just can’t seem to sustain anything for more than three days.   The only time she seems interested in my is when our relationship is in trouble. She’ll do just enough to calm things down then lose focus and forget to bother any more.   She desperately wants to be loved and to feel safe. I want her to have those things but, after her last 36-hour-long meltdown a few weeks ago, I look at my life and wonder why I’m here in this relationship.   She’s not my child but I often feel like that’s our dynamic. Just recently I’m looking at it all again and wondering why on earth I’m staying.   I feel broken by 20 years of undiagnosed ADHD but more broken by the hope I had when she was diagnosed followed by a creeping realisation that this remains very unpredictable and very hard.   I love her. I want to give her a loving and safe home. But I’m so exhausted and broken by her.  I don’t know what to do.   Thank you for reading this.
a2ffc36e8905dc96666e1b6cc9153d06bbe8cf77f09a9c6c99a30d5a758bfbea;;;ADHD Spouses/Partners: How have you sustained a healthy, long term relationship with your ADHD partner? What are your biggest pieces of advice to give to someone new to this?;;;I’ve (25f) been seeing a man (27m-diagnosed, adderrall) for about 3 months. Already I am seeing challenges. I know with ADHD there’s higher probability for cheating (dopamine - seeking) and divorce. For those of you that have beat the odds how did you do it?
b36cb522af4b1046e1a36215e78cef677f83f8ed3bedd8c7608343289511f4c0;;;infidelity/cheating;;;NT partners- have any of you dealt with infidelity in your relationship? it could be sexual or non-sexual. in my research for the last 2 years i read a lot of information that mentioned cheating by ADHD partners and reasons it may occur, but I'm wondering how common it is.  i just broke up with my ADHD (dx, medicated..but mostly doesn't take them) boyfriend, and shortly found out that he had been dating and cheating on me for the last 2 years sporadically.  btw im not suggesting that all ADHD partners cheat or it is a by-product of having ADHD. im only curious as i did not suspect any of it and when i would read about how to navigate our relationship as an NT partner that it 'could' be common.
a84c2060ba424364135baa9fc6269397aba0778762c8e62fd15cdd92bcec9842;;;Frustrated;;;Some advice please. Argh. I’m finding my partner’s inability to filter really difficult atm. He walked into a room full of our friends and saw me from behind and said “Whose bum is THAT?!”   And then absolutely couldn’t understand why I felt objectified (and also did he even know it was me?).   He also says he wants to go to sex clubs so he can see me sleep with other guys. We’ve only been dating 18 months.  When my friend met him the other day she asked how we’d met and he said “Oh, a friend introduced us cos she thought we’d both like sex. And then I realised she has a nice personality”   He also told me three weeks after we started sleeping together, while we were lying in bed after a nice night together, that he was in love with his ex. And also said I can’t meet one of his best friends as she is in love with him. Still haven’t met her after 18 months...  He says he loves me but I don’t feel loved. Am I being taken for a ride or is this just normal adhd behaviour?
0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;I cannot keep reminding you;;;One of the things I’ve been working on with myself about working with my dx husband is that I am not responsible for his actions. I’ve even met with his therapist and was directed that I need to be more hands off with him. So for instance I don’t wake him up for work anymore. It’s his responsibility. I remind him of things a couple of times but then I am hands off. It’s hard for me to do that but it’s also important because I can’t keep being his caretaker. Well for Christmas I shopped and bought all our niece and nephews and his family presents, I wrapped all of them, figured out what time we needed to be at his families socially distanced Christmas. I just did a lot. I’ve been doing a lot. Well because I did all this stuff for Christmas, and I am currently having cramps and it’s my time of the month right now so I am in general just really not able to be in the ring on some things. So he offered to take our dog to her grooming appointment today. And I told him what time and I reminded him before bed that she needed to be there at 11 yadda yadda. And I told myself and him that this is his responsibility. Well I woke up and started watching a movie so I too lost track of the time and when I looked at the clock it was 11:15 and he had still not woken up and I’m just so mad. I’m mad you guys. I know I’ve posted here before but I am mad. I feel like I live with a fucking child sometimes. Our house is just a fucking wreck. I’m responsible for it too but goddamn. I feel like I carry this family and this happens so often and I hate it. Our marriage is and has been on the rocks. I’m not even sexually attracted to him that much anymore because of not only my own self esteem issues but I feel like a mom to him and that doesn’t make me feel good. I hate this so fucking much. I hate it. I really wonder what the state of our relationship is gonna look like after quarantine.
fb8299ea294cc4227f1e9f511bdc49b0f167c606cb57ac12e0fb6234e176227d;;;Placing Blame (dx);;;My husband and I got into it this morning before I had to leave for work.  He struggles with communication and instead of asking for clarification if he isn't sure he just assumes and carries on with what he's doing.  Of course, this creates problems.  A miscommunication lead to me feeling frustrated and being short with him.  In response he became rude asking "what is your problem this morning" and telling me that I hadn't been nice since I got up.  I let him know that his poor communication is frustrating to deal with and that I wasn't in the mood to deal with his stuff this morning.  I don't remember exactly what happened after, but I feel like he either made excuses or tried to justify what he did because the next thing I remember is me telling him that he sucks at communicating, problem solving etc.  His response to this was to yell at me and told me to "fuck off". We do NOT speak to each other this way, but when I told him that I was not going to tolerate being yelled at or spoken to that way he tried to justify it by saying that I told him that he sucks at communicating and time management.  He then said that I'm the only person in his life who thinks that about him.  He also accused me of gaining satisfaction from accusing him of having terrible communication and organizational/problem solving skills.    I don't understand how he could justify screaming at me and telling me to fuck off by telling me that he was equally offended by my telling him that he's terrible at communicating etc.    I also don't understand how I can be the only person who encounters this issue with him.  He just started a job as a first year teacher and he's doing great.  I think he finally found his place in the world and I'm excited for him.  However, this is the second time that he's brought up how great he's doing at work and how I'm the only person who has an problem with his disorganization and communication.  I've tried to explain that he and I have been battling his ADHD for 12 years (10 undiagnosed). Our relationship isn't comparable to any other and just because his brand new work relationships seem to be perfect we have been through a lot.  I don't know how to make him understand that comparing our relationship to his with other people isn't fair.    It also confuses me that he thinks I get satisfaction from pointing out his flaws.  The only reason I point them out is to bring them to his attention so that he can fix them.  I would LOVE to feel like he can recognize them on his own and fix them but that's not the case.    This sucks because I have a hard time not taking the blame for things but I know I need to stand my ground.  Any advice on how to handle this would be appreciated.
ed2222eb96cb34c827c4eb577d8e0ec58dd27049c505c40b322349eb1ad32f68;;;Appreciation;;;I just want to express how happy I am I found you all. I’ve cried multiple times reading different posts and comments because I finally feel seen. It’s hard explaining this to those outside the situation w out them judging him harshly. But here....I finally don’t feel crazy! I don’t feel like I’m some evil biznotch trying to make him feel like the worse person ever. For years he’s said my depression isn’t his fault. But I wasn’t this depressed before marriage. My anxiety wasn’t this bad. I wasn’t so flinchy. I never screamed at anyone. I’ve change so much in efforts to protect my own ego from when he verbally lashes out because he feels threatened. It’s a bitter sweet feeling because things could have been so much different if we had all this information 10 years ago. Honestly 50 years ago! I been sharing some of the resources I’m finding here and she’s like wow....this woulda saved so much heartache. Once she hit menopause, she almost left so he finally got medicated (not for the ADHD, but anxiety and depression, didn’t want to pay to get full work up dx 🙄). Then I turned around and married my dad 😅 But hopefully now, it’s know better do better. I keep trying to react less and be proactive. Hopefully I can convince him to get help. I emailed him that lovely blog post about adhd and married men in denial. Just gotta work up the courage to tell him I sent him an email cuz the last two weekends there have been fights and I’m not in the mood for another.
a9dec69d03c08afec20d39648fa31da123eb57da23851c71a6188338568595ab;;;Advice: Problems with household chores and snappiness with my DX BF;;;Hey, my BF is diagnosed and medicated during the weekdays so he can complete college coursework more efficiently. We've been together for a year and moved in together a few months ago and I'm honestly super burnt out and frustrated. Wondering if anyone had advice for my situation  \- I do all the housework. He cooks twice a week, and does his own laundry. I do everything else. I vacuum, wipe down surfaces, scrub the stove and countertops, go grocery shopping for us and meal plan for us every week (I'm on a budget). If I let a single thing slip, then he starts complaining about how dirty the house is. His parents really coddled him in HS so he could focus on getting stellar grades and test scores, and then he lived in the dorms for our freshman year, so I think he's just not used to doing this type of stuff, but I try to ask him to complete simple tasks like emptying the dishwasher in the evening because he stays up much later than me and he'll say he's going to do it and then just not do it. Whenever I bring up the housework thing or show frustration, he just talks about how he's such an awful person for making me do this, but he never gets off his butt and HELPS  \- He's super irritable and rude when on his meds. When he's unmedicated on the weekends, he's super attentive and bubbly and affectionate. He's really fun to be around. Of course, its hard for him to get anything done, but generally he doesn't have too much HW on the weekends. The meds kill his appetite, and he's lost close to ten pounds since the beginning of the semester, which probably contributes to the grumpiness. Sometimes, when we wake up and I ask him how he's doing during the week, he'll just straight up ignore me. I get that he needs to work during the day, but he won't even make small talk while we're both making lunch or something. He won't even communicate that he can't talk right now. He won't even look at me. Its super frustrating.   \- He can't manage his time. He's started letting assignments slip and calculating exactly how much he can get away with skipping just to pass. I'm really busy this semester too, but because I'm better at time management, if he puts off something, all of a sudden I'm expected to accommodate his every whim so he has time to finish something the day its due when he put it off for three weeks.   Honestly, I've kind of reached my wits end. I feel like I'm holding myself, the household, and our relationship together alone. Does anyone here have advice?
1f7a15b11d6aad754eb391787610b9a22734611d8ac26aa22aa8df45e2ac5767;;;I think my partner may have add/adhd;;;Hi all, first I’ve gotta say of course there is a subreddit for this and I’m glad there is .  My partner was told last week By her counseller that she thinks my partner may have adhd.  She is going to peruse a diagnosis when she sees her family dr at the end of the month but I have been reading up on this and damn .  I feel like things have been wrong for so long and after reading up on the topic I feel like all the red flags are there .  The avoidance , the weird care dynamics in the relationship , the strange emotions , the hyper focusing .  I’m really struggling with this as I’m sure she is but it makes me wonder if this relationship will ever work .  I’m not sure what I’m looking for here but if anyone has any advice I would gladly listen . Thanks !
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Betrayal of trust, endangering my life;;;How do you handle betrayal? It happens so often here. Small things, broken promises/agreements, overcommitting/overpromising then under-delivering. The usual stuff.  But yesterday my partner demonstrated a much greater level of betrayal. He told someone planning to visit us during the pandemic that they could attend a social function right before traveling here - didn't include me in the conversation, ask for my thoughts, nothing. AND he told them to keep that information secret from me. He told them they can go, just don't tell her (me) you were around a bunch of people. I am considered high risk of fatal complications from COVID-19. And we have a child together so not only did he put me at risk, he also put my young child at risk of losing his mother.  &amp;#x200B;  My partner regularly forgets to include me in discussions where the topic or context is going to affect me, and that's already frustrating or a nuisance. This is the first time my trust has been totally shattered. He said he "didn't think." Which means I cannot trust him to not do this again. I don't know how to move past this kind of betrayal especially knowing what I know of ADHD that I can never really rely on my partner to think about the consequences of agreeing to stuff with other people instead of involving me first. I can't count on him to keep me safe, or to consider the consequences of his actions on others, and also he somehow thinks it's ok to just withhold potentially dangerous information.  &amp;#x200B;  Part of me thinks I really shouldn't move past this - that this is a deal breaker for me. If he did this once, then he will do it again. He won't remember the fallout from it, he won't learn from his mistakes, and he doesn't respect me enough to include me or not tell people to lie to me. What would you do?
653bd8e7322b90c6b7a23c5fa28137caea2e5ed30362918646914ec7ebad51a2;;;My intimate life is being affected by my SO’s ADHD;;;I’ve realized the more I (F 27) got to know my partner (M 30) of 2 years, the more stale our sex life has become.  It’s like bf has a difficult time exuding that passionate, serious, seductive, all around just freaking hot assertive MAN attitude in bed.. you know what I mean??  [gonna be kinda personal / graphic here lol]  My bf is absolutely the greatest guy I ever met, I’m still attracted to him, we’re an excellent pair Etc.   We still have sex but not as often. Maybe 3-4x a month. I’ve realized I find him quite irritating and get turned off by his energy sometimes :(   Plus he’s super vanilla about sex... (for other reasons than adhd and some past trauma as well...) I’m fairly vanilla with a few kinks, but again, I really enjoy a dominant man and intense seduction. I’ve expressed this to him and it’s gotten sort of awkward a few times when we tried what I had in mind. It felt fake.   And the ways I try explaining my wants to him is confusing. He doesn’t comprehend that I don’t thinks it’s hot when he usually just tries “babe you’re so sexy” *gently rubs or squeezes me* “I’m in the mood if you are”   sometimes he’ll “jokingly” dry-grind up on me when I’m doing dishes or going about the house. Or he will straight up say “god I’m horny” or “mmm you’ve got me hard” out of nowhere (once he said it at my cousins wedding when I was just standing at the bar ordering a drink for my mom. HUH?)   it just seems SO immature &amp; out of context to me it’s honestly annoying. I’ve told him and even argued w him about it. He still jokes like this sometimes though. It just turns me off...  We both love sex but idk, I  often feel like he’s a fucking 17 year old still when it comes to physical intimacy.   Good news is he lasts a veryyyyyy long time in bed and always intends to satisfy me to the end. He usually gets me off about 80% the time.. When we actually do have sex. For this I’m SUPER grateful. I just feel scared i don’t feel like boning as much anymore.    I don’t know what to do about this really. I’m not getting any younger lol and I want to feel excited and passionate when it comes to sex. Doesn’t have to be perfect, and I know I can’t change him.   But with my exes I was a FRRRREAK you guys and so were they lol it was so much fun. With my bf, he doesn’t seem to get it. He doesn’t enjoy receiving head (but he loves to give so that’s amazing). He thinks watching porn together would be awkward and he’s intimidated by bondage (both my biggest kinks) WHICH IS WEIRD, considering he’s such an affectionate spazz 90% the time in daily life! Lol   SIGH I’m wondering if there are ways I can get him to understand my desire for a little more, ermmm, “feral” vibes in the bedroom lol??? And less pervy turn-off vibes at random moments. I know he loves me and wants me to be happy, but how do I get him to explore my sexual fantasies more in a way that works for BOTH of us?   Anyone else? Am I being too picky; should I just stick to what I’ve got and enjoy the orgasms albeit somewhat boring?? Am I being too unrealistic with his ADHD and spazzing, streamlined approach? Advice? 😭
ec352f5ba99202f8defb2f6a2ff6ef473d3a19592886b8d898856cd5b5d98d72;;;I feel like I do everything I’m tired of this;;;I (22f) do everything for my boyfriend(26m) we have been together 4 years, I work 9 hours a day, I come home, I clean, I cook I listen to the ‘oh I’ll cook tomorrow i promise’ all he does all day is sit on his PS4 and rage, I have to ask him to not cuss when I’m on calls. He isn’t working at the moment as he was made redundant and that set him into a depression spiral and now it’s ‘I will look for work when lockdown is over’. I’m tired of this, I cook most if not all days if I didn’t we wouldn’t eat or just have take away everyday, I clean even though he isn’t working and I also bought a big to do list thing that he wanted and he still doesn’t do his jobs. I am also working and running about after him and I’m tired of it. I am 22 he is 26 he acts like a child, all the broken promises, nothing ever changes, he gives money for rent and buys the shopping but j have to write the lists, even when he cooks he comes to me and I have to list if we have it or not, or washing up I do it ALL. Sorry for the rant I’m tired we have been together 4 years. Whenever I talk to him he is never really listening, I am constantly shut out by him and I really am starting to think what am I getting out of this? He would rather watch a YouTube video on the game he’s on all day then talk to me
e4ed26d429c111c476f73a1c94ff6e1cde87e9fa0d07d7f8c73aed0a11598fda;;;Wondering if there is still hope...;;;My husband was diagnosed with ADHD at age 6.  We’ve been together for over 4 years and married for 1. We’re both in our late 20s/early 30s. I do not have ADHD. I am a physician, I know I understand the disease from a medical standpoint, but I do not know how it feels to physically struggle with ADHD. I cannot determine how much of his actions and behavior is secondary to this diagnosis and what I should be doing differently to help support him. He had been trying to wean down and off of his ADHD medication for about 6 months now, but recently changed work locations to an office that is busier, so he has been taking his medication more frequently.  He spends his time laying on the couch watching TV from the moment he walks in the door after work until he gets in bed at night. On the weekends, he will lay on the couch for 2 days straight, alternating watching tv with napping. We recently purchased a house, and he constantly belittles me for the amount of belongings I have. It’s taken a few months to get moved in, which I thought was normal. He has been having meltdowns about still having boxes in the garage or items in the hallway. This started the first week we moved in. He gets extremely angry with clutter, unless it’s his own, of which then he ignores it. He leaves garbage everywhere except in the garbage can. I spend time every day picking up his dirty clothes that are strewn throughout every room of the house. I do the majority of the cooking, the grocery shopping, and all the cleaning. He has helped with laundry twice, both times only halfway completing it, but he made sure I know that he was the one who did the laundry that day so he can rub it in my face the next time I ask for help with chores. Same with cooking...suddenly him making one meal every 2 weeks equates to him saying that he does the majority of the cooking. Aside from the day we moved in, he has not once helped to unpack or put things away. I have occasionally asked for help and mentioned that I’ve done most of the unpacking on my own. He makes sure I know that this is because it is mostly “my” belongings, most of which are totally useless and should be thrown away, and because of this, he shouldn’t have to help unpack. When he says “my belongings”, he is referencing my clothes, shoes, house decorations, furniture...but also includes regular household items I would consider necessities like plates, dishes, bowls, etc. I say this as objectively as possible... we have no more items in our home than the average person does. He has told me several times that I am practically a hoarder, and has made me feel guilty to the point that I have thrown away items that meant a lot to me that I now realize I can never get back.  Shortly after moving in, I decided to open boxes in the garage and empty them into piles in the main living area organized based on where the items belonged. I planned to empty a bunch of boxes at once and then move each pile to the respective room so I could put everything away more efficiently. I had been working so hard to put everything away (largely due to his constant complaining) and was spending entire weekends and weeknights working on the house. When he saw that I had made piles on the floor, he was enraged and belittled me for 10 minutes about how everything I unpacked was useless and all I was doing was ruining/cluttering the house. I sat quietly (honestly in shock) the majority of the time. I tried to explain my approach, and my frustration of working long hours but still spending all of my free time on chores and the house. My side wasn’t understandable to him.  We have 2 dogs and decided years ago that we would always take turns walking the dogs. This became an issue when we lived in an apartment complex and my turn would fall late at night. I expressed concerns about walking the dogs alone in the dark, late at night. Even my mom and his own mother told him this was not okay, and he needed to be walking them if it was after 10pm. He continues to ignore the concerns, and will pitch a fit if I don’t take them when it is “my turn”. We currently don’t have a fenced yard and have neighbors very close on either side. He prefers to open the back door and let the dogs run wherever they want, and hopefully go to the bathroom. I always walk them on their leashes not in peoples yards, because I think it’s disrespectful to our neighbors to let the dogs run in and use the bathroom in their yards. I’ve expressed this to him several times but he refuses to exert the minimal effort it takes to walk them on a leash. Earlier this week, I walked the dogs after dinner, and 15 minutes after I had brought them back in, our one dog started crying to go outside again. I looked at him like it was his turn to go. He started immediately on how I am lazy, didn’t walk them enough, needed and go back and walk them again correctly because he wouldn’t be taking them outside again that night. So I did, came inside, and excused myself from being around him for the remainder of the night. Tonight, it was his turn to walk the dogs, of which he did his usual...opened the door, let them out, stood in the doorway and yelled at them until he got tired of standing there so he called them back inside. Our dog starts crying 10 minutes after coming back inside to go back out. I very calmly mentioned that this had happened earlier in the week but with opposite roles (and different levels of effort), and that I felt he should put them on the leash and walk them so they could go. He started yelling over and over about how lazy I am, how annoying I am, all I do is bother him and won’t just leave him alone. I asked him why he was so angry and told him I didn’t appreciate him belittling me, but he just continued to yell about how seemingly terrible I am. I walked the dogs and again excused myself from being around him for the rest of the evening. After the prior dog incident, he said he felt that he was having anger because of restarting his ADHD medicine. He also apologized after the first time and recognized that he was hurtful and mean. Tonight, he said that he only ever apologizes to get me to shut up, and he didn’t mean what he said when he apologized the other day. There’s been many more situations that have been similar. He was horrible throughout the duration of planning our wedding. When I decided to go back to school, he resented me for spending money on tuition. He was not supportive whatsoever, and would get angry when I spent time studying or on homework. To the point where I would wait until he fell asleep so I could do my homework overnight in peace.  I don’t think that I have ever said something to him with the intentions of hurting his feelings. It hurts me so deeply that he does this. I know I’m not perfect, but I try so hard to make sure all of his needs are taken care of. I’ve read every self help book, listened to podcasts, I even put myself in counseling because I thought that I needed to be fixed. I try to address relationship issues with him by talking about concerns and how we can adjust to be better. He openly admits he prefers to ignore things with hopes they’ll go away on their own and does not want to talk about them.  I think about my parents marriage a lot because they set such a good example of a happy, loving, functional marriage. They would have arguments here and there, but I don’t ever remember them yelling at each other with intent to hurt the other’s feelings. I am increasingly overwhelmed by the thought that this is not how its supposed to be. Tonight I began wondering how a self-respecting person continues to allow themselves to be treated this way, and now am totally questioning if I even have any self-respect to begin with. I love my husband, and he has a lot of great qualities, but I never imagined I would be treated like this, especially by the person I am supposed to spend the rest of my life with.  I can’t draw the line between what may be a result of his struggles with ADHD and what behavior isn’t. I felt I was approaching him and his behavior appropriately, but he obviously does not respond well to my efforts. Any and all advisement is vey appreciated.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Is emotional neglect/passivity solvable?;;;I feel deeply neglected. I have a hard time with being the perpetual initiator in my marriage. My partner is dx (ADHD-PI), takes meds, has been in therapy. But never asks me on a date. Rarely seeks out my company. Rarely texts me just because. Often ignores my texts to him. Doesn't make eye contact when I'm talking to him. Doesn't plan anything except last minute and it's never very creative just our usual stuff that we always do.   He knows this bothers me. He's not changing it. He changes it very briefly then goes back to his usual passive behavior. I am so emotionally starved. I back off waiting to see him close the distance and he just doesn't. I tell him I need more meaningful conversation and he does it right then a little but doesn't consistently offer more. I feel ridiculous constantly reminding him hey I still need some compliments here.   My question I guess is whether it is possible for someone with inattentive ADHD to change this. I feel like it is? I don't want to assume distraction, forgetfulness etc is the same as truly not caring but at the same time surely he could develop an external system to keep him accountable to these needs right? Are my expectations to not be neglected emotionally, to have my presence validated through proactive positive attention reasonable or not reasonable? It really hurts that he doesn't think "oh if I don't set an alarm, I'll sleep until it's time for work and won't have any time with my partner." We work opposite schedules so if we don't plan quality time it won't happen and it hurts being the only one thinking about that ever.
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;My boyfriend doesn’t know the effects of adhd or the effects it’s having on our relationship. And I’m scared our relationship is hanging by a thread.;;;(Were in a long distance relationship)    I’m going to make this as short as I possible can, my bf told me he had adhd 3 months into our relationship, I my self knew nothing about adhd or the effects it has on him or our relationship.   If your read up on the effects ADHD has on relationships you’d know how it effects us non add persons. And with that said 9 months in to the relationship it started to take a toll on me and I never knew why. Then one night it was like a light bulb went off in my head and I started reaching up about adhd and also the effects.  The best way to describe it would be it felt like 2 pieces of a puzzle clicking together.   All that he has told me about him having adhd is that he was diagnosed as a child tried medication but it made him feel like a robot and he doesn’t like the fact that it’s one chemical away from being cocaine.   So let’s fast forward to now, just like every other relationship we have had our ups and downs but there’s a problem, small disagreement turn into arguments, if I get upset because let’s say he forgot date night it would turn into argument. I never shout at him I always talk in a low voice, and explain my self as best as I can but it never works he thinks I’m coming at him.   It’s gotten to the point now where I feel like nothing is ever resolved so it’s like he’s pulling away, he doesn’t get enjoyment out of our conversation anymore because he thinks I’m out to start arguments out of nothing and it’s hurting me because I’m scared to talk to him about his adhd and why he feels the way he does and why he always gets angry but talking to him over the phone isn’t how I wanted to tell him. I’m supposed to see him in July but he told me he needs some time to think, Day by day plane prices are going up and soon I won’t be able to afford to go see him. I feel like our relationship is hanging by a thread.   I just don’t know what to do I wanted to talk to him last night but he Wasn’t in a good mood he told me he wants to be alone right now he will talk to me later. I’m just so broken up right now because I feel like I’m withholding information that can help him and our relationship but I don’t want to have that conversation over the phone I want to tell him face to face but at the same time I feel like it’s the key I know there’s hope but he doesn’t.  Maybe he thinks me coming to see him will be a bad idea because we will still fight.   Sorry it’s all over the place I’m just really shaken up right now.
661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;Advice needed - communication;;;My wife (diagnosed within the last couple of years and medicated) continually tells me she HATES how distant I am and it's hurtful. She keeps telling me that she wants me to tell her about my feelings. Then I try to tell her about my pain, and about the damage her constant emotional swings and intense outbursts do.  I tell her about how hurt, and ignored I've felt for 14 years now. I try to tell her that just because I'm NT, it doesn't mean I've got it all figured out, and I'm processing through what her diagnosis means at the same time she is, just in a different way.  I tell her about the types of hurtfully things she says, and then be tell her how she could say them differently to get her point across without being hurtful. I tell her I'm just looking for her to acknowledge how I feel without trying to explain it away or invalidate it.  EVERY TIME I have tried explaining my feelings she gets defensive, tries to explain why what I feel isn't accurate because she wasn't trying to hurt me, and then tells me she's confused, because what I say doesn't make sense.    I'm a teacher and a communicator for a living. Why is it that my spouse is the one person who can't ever understand what I'm saying?  Am I not as good at communicating as I thought?  Is she incapable of actually understanding my view point?  Is this a lost cause?  It sure feels like it.
4f2c535f112ac50ebae7e12fc3da466393d0de5ae3d87ffb67c6338328a8e602;;;Ideas to make living with ADHD spouse easier?;;;Hey all, I was wondering if anyone had any ideas for stuff that can make living with someone with ADHD easier? I'm due to move in soonish with my other half, unmedicated ADHD, and would love ideas for things we can do that might make things easier?  I've seen suggested elsewhere stuff like laundry baskets with no lids to reduce the number of steps it takes to put dirty laundry in the right place - anyone have anything they've implemented in their home that has helped?
8be11673d1bd39070d99078a5ac1cef343f2de5019b41182957cfe6247db963c;;;I think we are headed for a divorce and I do not know what to do;;;I do not know what else to do. My parter is ADHD-PI, medicated for work but not for home time, and the doctor won't adjust the meds. Husband not currently in therapy despite my sleeping in another room for NINE MONTHS as a visual reminder to him that I needed him to get some help for his defensiveness. Well, the therapist went on vacation, a month ago, and he's not reestablished care and now of course another delay tactic - says he needs someone different, but guess who has to actually find that person? My husband won't do it.   Some of the problem is the ADHD, the executive functioning issues, the underemployment. Some of it is the extreme defensiveness that makes him dismissive or legalistic and invalidating when I'm upset with him. I use "i messages" and talk about feelings and needs, and none of it works to actually get my own emotional needs met or have a productive conflict resolution experience. He wants to disprove me, or minimize my concerns, instead of just doing some relationship emotion repair to restore broken trust (a common theme).   We are on day 4 of an argument, and it seems that we are nowhere close to resolution, and he has the irritating habit of just forgetting the way he left things. So he leaves things shitty, then another issue happens and I respond with hostility and he's all confused... because he has the pleasure of not holding the entire marital context in his head like I have to.   He doesn't remember the marital counseling advice he is supposed to follow. He doesn't practice new skills without being reminded. I'm so tired. If he could handle conflicts better, if he could be accountable for broken trust, and try to repair things, instead of just defending himself, maybe I could stay. But I don't know how to stay if this is the best it gets?   He also has some legal issues related to some poor decision making (EF issues again, bad ones), and he's minimizing the impact that they have on the family.   He's got a collection of things that he isn't using, that he won't sell to help pay for his child support to his first wife.   His way of coping when we have problems is to run away and he doesn't come back and say ok I'm calm now, let's try to talk about this. He just disappears, ignores my messages, and then acts like nothing happened. It is infuriating.   &amp;#x200B;  I guess I am here wondering do these kinds of things get better? I'm sick of feeling like the parent of a teenager yes, but I'm much more upset with the communication problems, the invalidation, how he has to see me as stupid or crazy when I'm upset instead of try to take my perspective.   Does it get better? We have gone through 3 marriage counselors. The last one actually fired us. The first one saw me raging at him for being unemployed and not even trying to find work and decided I had a personality disorder rather than a rigid expectation that a partner actually adult if they are an adult in body.   &amp;#x200B;  Clearly I'm in a negative place here. I don't know where else to turn. WHenever I go somewhere and try to talk about what is going on with us people just say I should leave him. But I wonder could it get better? I hate to take our shared bio child away from dad unless it's clear that this is all truly intractible. Are these communication problems part of the ADHD or part of some subconscious sexism or what? Help :(
d2f7a8ec81f7668bd0728b43d83f6a5c03e7f4fb252c8b4c851c067fdb2fff0c;;;Marriage help;;;My partner(diagnosed ADHD, 41 yrs old) and I (non-ADHD, 31 yrs old) have been having problems since the start of our relationship 10 years ago. Things became more complicated and difficult with time, marriage, and having 2 kids. I did not realize that he might have ADHD until we were married and he never revealed this either. I always thought he was the quirky, fun guy who was a little different. Anyway, now 2 kids in, years of therapy both individually and together, I do not know if I can live with his ADHD for the rest of my life. I love him as a person but have so many emotions towards him as a partner and I do not know if therapy can help me. The more I try to read about ADHD, understand it and him, the more I question whether this is something I can accept and live with. I have to mention that he is overall a wonderful, loving husband and dad. He is there for my in bigger picture type of ways. Maybe my expectations for a partner are too high in my mind and they don't match my reality? I know everyone has their good and bad qualities so maybe I am living in a fantasy world. I can't unsee all of his faults and this affects our relationship in every way. I have become more understanding of the fact that he cannot control or change many things about himself.   However, this really leaves me to question whether I can deal with this for the rest of my life. I am not attracted to him, have no sex drive, and spending time with him makes me anxious as we tend to bicker and fight if I point things out to him. This leaves me with the feeling of disappointment and sadness.  It is a continuous spiral and I feel like he is my 3rd child and not my partner. Am I being selfish? Has anyone else had these feelings?
7d68709600208579c640d41e1498d4d7f9561bb0d94e3d5e045788a6fa236123;;;Recently caught a glimpse of why my ADHD spouse loses jobs;;;ADHD around the house is annoying and frustrating, as we all know and discuss frequently. But have you ever seen your ADHD spouse do something you know they've done at a job and probably resulted in discipline or firing? I just did the other day and I feel like I got a window into what happens.  I asked my spouse to run some errands for me since he's not working and I'm working at home full time. I gave him a pile of returns, things some to the post office, and some to a store. When I went into the living room after working all day, I found two of the return items still sitting there even though I knew he'd come back. I asked him why those were still there. It turns out that he packed the completely wrong things and mixed up the returns.  He sort of froze instead of answering me, then hopped on his phone to retrace his steps and (I think) re-read my text to him with instructions. I heard him try to call the post office to see if the package could be stopped (no), and I got hold of the warehouse that would receive the wrong package as well as the intended recipient to tell them there had been a mistake. I had never seen him make such a huge, easily avoided mistake before that touched so many other areas and people. He was laid off months ago after making, he said, some stupid mistakes. I think this is probably what it was. Just not paying attention at all, not double checking instructions, and messing up royal.   He's made similar mistakes that were easily fixed (by me), wrote his birthday instead of today's date on documents that I caught and changed without telling him, things like that. And now I have a whole other level of anxiety when it's time for him to go back to work...
41c608281e963f39eab03d2d4c965688cb3aafd06078262800f66c0a4b4a06c7;;;I barely have a sex life with my ADHD boyfriend;;;Hey guys, so as the title says, I (F, 22) barely have a sex life with my boyfriend (29, ADHD, diagnosed at about 22) of almost 2 years. I love him to pieces but struggle with having sex once every few months (if that) and when we do there is no foreplay (or very little, 20 seconds) and he's in and out because he can't stay hard so he has to I guess, get it done quickly. Because we have such little sex, it always hurts me when we do. So there's really not much pleasure in it for me. He has a low sex drive &amp; erectile dysfunction due to the medication he takes for his adhd.  I have never and will never take it out on him but I was wondering if anyone has been in or is in a similar situation and what advice you could give me? Countless times he has told me that he needs to put more effort in and take the viagra his Dr prescribed him but I don't know if that's fair on him either.  Without his medication he has a high sex drive apparently. I've told him he should try to change his medication (as he is having other side effects too) but he brushes it off and says there isn't a lot out there. I'm sure that's true but I just wish that weren't the case. I hope this doesn't come across as rude, I truly love with with all of my heart but I can't help but feel frustrated at the situation :(   Thank you so much
47116f412d21d127b16a98fee3007782060bf19a45ab821e38710e705e3a52d9;;;An frustrating thing my husband does;;;When we’re talking or even in social settings, my husband basically carries on a one sided conversation with himself. He doesn’t banter back and forth with me. In fact if I’m still talking about it and he’s done he’ll just start talking about something else. It’s really frustrating to me because I enjoy talking about politics or debating things but he doesn’t even listen to what I have to say. But then he’ll also do this “no it isn’t” where he’ll argue that the sky is green simply to argue that it’s green.   It’s embarrassing in public when he’ll talk right over other people. I get so tired of telling him to let me or someone talk.  Idk. I’m so frustrated. He’s fighting being diagnosed and this is really destroying our marriage.
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;The importance of finding a therapist that's informed about ADHD;;;My SO and I struggled a lot in the first year or so we started dating.  I consulted 2 psychologists for myself, before we reached breaking point and almost split. We agreed to do some couples counseling, and I told my therapist about my suspicions of ADHD. We got this standard home assignment to fill out a questionnaire for eachother, one that would improve our communication. "How do you like to spend time with eachother, how much time would you like to spend with eachother, how do you prefer to show you love him/her?" But she totally dismissed the elephant in the room and said ADHD wasn't the issue, we should just learn to listen to eachother. Ha.   Well after that I had to start again from zero, I mean how would I know better than a certified specialist? I was starting to think maybe it was me, I'm a little crazy. You know, one of those people that would wanna call someone sick so they can then take care of, or fix. But this wasn't my first long relationship, and those before were sure not like this.  A year later we reached breaking point again, for all the textbook ADHD reasons. So I scheduled an appointment with an ADHD specialist center and it was kinda bittersweet to hear he checked most of the boxes. Thank you internet, and all the people that shared their sometimes very relatable stories!
a79ff113263b141ff770845558efa82094645f6cd1cd73f0a7e2679d8ddad356;;;Every conversation turns into a fucking argument.;;;We went for a walk to get some fresh air and time alone out of his family’s house. He asks me how i am feeling lately and i say “ my depression is getting strong again and I need to go back home to start devoting time to work on myself” and all i get is a fucking “ i am sorry to hear that”  Is it too much to ask for some sympathy? Some reassurance???  I decided to be patient instead of being angry and waiting to get more reassurance so I asked for more reassurance and this fucking dude gets angry and start kicking rocks like a child. Then i tell him “here we go again every time i try to talk about my feelings u get angry and turn it into an argument”. I get upset and go home and he acts like everything is fine for an hour while im alone in my room then comes and says “ wanna continue our talk?” Like nothing just happened.   I know its ADD to be fucking slow but wtf do i do here? He promised he wont be rude anymore but hes been promising that every fucking time we have any talk. I am so fucking hurt and sad. #vent
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;I don’t even know what to call this;;;So, I’m 21F and he’s 27M ADHD depression and not to sure on what else it is that he has.  A few days ago we had gotten in to a argument over something I saw and took out of context, in shock I tried to break up with him I didn’t want to hear his explanation I just blocked him so he couldn’t contact me. ( we are in a long distance relationship)   I cried and cried I ignored all his calls and messages then the next day I just felt like it wasn’t truly over I didn’t want to throw our love away with out hearing what he had to say. I opened the chat up and there about 100+ miss calls and a load of messages pleading me not to leave him and then he went on explaining what happened. I really should have Hurd him put because I blew it way out of proportion.    I write him a message saying that I was hurt and that I  was sorry for over reacting can we just let this make us stronger and push through. He read it but didn’t reply. I gave him about 1 hour but he didn’t reply so I called him and he said he was thinking what to say he said he read my message over and over and that he doesn’t know what to do anymore.   He said “ I don’t know if I’m In love with you, I don’t know if we would be together in the future, I’m not saying I don’t love you or care for you because I do I just don’t know if I’m in love”  I said so what’s the difference he said in love means marriage knowing that your the one for me I don’t know if you are.  So in my head I’m extremely confused because  1. By him saying he doesn’t know if he’s in love with me made me feel like what is he trying to say that he actually really doesn’t love me?  2. So if he wants to be inlove and he knows he’s not in love with me then it feels like he is telling me he wants to find it in someone else.  3. I was just blown down to be honest because the day before he was telling me he wants to be by my side, he was talking about our future and how we would travel and to now here him say this my emotions was all over the place my brain couldn’t think straight.    It felt like he was breaking up with me he sad he didn’t want to drag me along because it wouldn’t be fair which I know it wouldn’t be but I’m so confused he kept talking about the future this the future that. We had this conversation 3 days straight nothing felt resolved I was crying my eyes out thinking he was breaking up with me and out of frustration I was like Iv had enough, if your trying to breakup with me then do it don’t expect me to do it for you!! Say bye to me and I will leave. He said he couldn’t do it it’s not what he wants. my heart was so broken honestly.   I wasn’t thinking straight and I was in shock and trying to understand what he was saying I couldn’t think and then it hit me.  We have only been together for just over a year now we have only met once for a month, he hasn’t met my family or came to my country yet.  He is worrying about shit that hasn’t even happened yet, no one knows the future and no one ever will! It takes time to fall in real love with someone it won’t happen quickly.  I told him I’m not asking him to bend the knee and propose to me I’m not asking him to give me a baby we are still getting to know each other. I then told him quotes to stop worrying about the future! And read them all and said I was right and he was so sorry for being difficult the he told me he feels really depressed recently and that he’s scared and that he doesn’t want to lose me and that he want to be by my side.   So by the way he was wording everything and the inconvenient timing and worrying about the future and my lack of understanding because I was so confused our relationship nearly ended!!  Honestly I feel really stupid, I feel like I nearly lost the person I love because he worried about the future and had me worrying too when the answer was so clear NO ONE KNOWS THE FUTURE LIVE DAY BY DAY AND DONT WORRY ABOUT ANYTHING ELSE.  I was so stressed out and drained. I kinda still am I feel fragile I really don’t know how I feel if I’m honest.   I’m looking to go see a therapist soon because I feel like this knocked everything out of me.  I’m not sure what I’m looking for posting this but if you have had a similar story I’d love to hear that I’m. Or alone :(
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;First time being with someone with ADHD;;;(I’d just like to point out that we are in a long distance relationship for about a year now we have met once the second trip is about 1 month away.)  My SO has ADHD and it’s kinda wearing me down, My situation with living arrangements right now is lonely no friend nor family around me and it doesn’t help that my love is in another country and on top of it he has ADHD.  Some days he blows me up with messages calls and some days he will still call me but only for a few minutes and he would barley say much I’d just be listening in on what ever he is doing till he tells me he’s going to go and he would just hang up and not say love you not even bye.  This is so frustrating for me because I think I’m doing something wrong or I feel like he’s pulling away, he’s losing interest and then all of sudden the next day he’ll be all full of energy calling me making me laugh.   I know he truly cares about me and loves me so much but it hurts me sometimes,  To explain the feeling it’s like your partner is slowly falling out of love for you and then the next day they start showing you so much love and attention for a couple days or weeks and then later out of the blue they go cold turkey on you again.   It’s like up and down up and down it almost feel like your being strung along, iv never been with anyone who’s had ADHD before so I’m not use to this behaviour, if he didn’t have ADHD and acted like this I would think something was up for sure! But he does ADHD and i forget he does in fact I think the last time I read how to handle ADHD in a relationship was when he first told me which was months ago so I do forget how to handle these situations when they appear.   When we are together it’s a different story all together he can’t keep away from me and I love it BUT we are in LDR so it’s months until we can physically be together. I do love him with every inch of my heart but god it’s so hard when he gets them days where he barely shows interest   I do want to know if anyone has a similar relationship or experience. Or can give me some advise on how to cope or is this normal I love him so much I don’t want to lose him but it had been wearing me down emotionally I feel like Iv lost my mind right now   Thank you for your time :)
e9c1c020831e87a5a78658abb2a1fa2a78665f369fc72b7eb44f557b0e6ca8b3;;;Advice needed: My ex with ADHD wants to make things work again and I'm not sure whether I should give him a chance;;;Me and my ex dated for 2 years and we had the most amazing relationship for the first year and things started getting worse. I would always try to talk to him about what bothered me and he said he would change and it never happened. He would constantly work, spend 500 dollars on jackets and shoes yet made excuses that he was broke and he stopped taking me out on nice dates.   I said we could do things that don't cost money and he continued making excuses saying he was tired and he didn't feel like it. He never wanted to do things I wanted to do and we were always in his room. He loves pushing my buttons and getting me upset because its cute but his jokes are always offensive and he makes me feel like im overreacting but if I did that to him he would lose it. Another issue is he only does things when its conveniant for him.  My ex would constantly say the word "n***" to make me upset and again he would make me feel like im getting mad over nothing. He said as long as he isn't saying it directly to someone then it doesn't matter and he even knows my cousin is black also..I also have a disorder called BPD and I've been taking my medications as well because I want to improve.   He on the other hand chose to get help and go on medications a month after we broke up and he wants to show that he will change. Will I be wasting my time if go back with him?
1200996f78195eade8bcba411af28db78958425cf2e1b0f2cbbcf109d96df391;;;ADHD and lying;;;On mobile so apologies in advance for formatting!  My husband (28 dx) is doing so well and works on himself everyday. We obviously have little issues here and there that we are both working on, like every couple. But the one thing I can't seem to get through to him on is lying. He lies about the silliest things that don't matter. It hurts my feelings and makes me feel insecure. I don't think he would ever cheat on me or betray me, but if he lies about stupid things, who's to say he wouldn't lie about something serious? How can I be sure?  Anyway I recently caught him lying about something silly, again. And I calmly told him I knew he was lying. He tried again and again to prove he wasn't but it was so obvious he was. I know for certain! He didn't get mad at me, and stayed light hearted the whole time, which makes me know he was lying even more! I could tell he knew he was in the wrong. He told me that I was making him question his reality and causing a lot of anxiety for him so I dropped it, but he kept bringing it up. I told him I wasn't mad but that I didn't believe him and I could tell that was very upsetting for him.  I realized that the lies are making me feel resentful towards him and I don't want that. I love him and I want to have a happy, lifelong marriage with him. We won't be able to start therapy together for a few months yet, but until then, what can I do? Should I continue trying to calmly and lovingly point out when I've caught him in a lie, or just ignore it until it can be discussed in therapy?
b1e93d6d08ea740def1e56b38d2b156347120b11a4521f017c3b8a8238b75543;;;Is it worth it?;;;Some background:  Boyfriend(36M) and I(34F)met via OLD and have been dating for almost 2 years. I fell for him fast and hard. He’s funny, smart, interesting, good-hearted, charming, laid-back but also energetic. We found each other at the right time when we were both looking to settle down. At the 1 year mark we moved in but that was when I started to witness some concerning behaviors and after lots of research and reading, I’m fairly confident he has (undiagnosed and untreated) ADHD.  1. During our move-process I noticed he was a hoarder. Had tremendous difficulty throwing away things because they had sentimental value and he was afraid of discarding those memories. He is also messy and lives in clutter and after endless nagging (and failed promises to unpack boxes by date X), he finally resolved the move-in mess after months.  2. He is very indecisive, to the point where I feel like I contribute to most of our conversation topics, how to spend our time, what to eat, etc. To this day, my romance-starved soul has never been taken on a proper romantic date planned by him. He mentions he has trouble planning or thinking of ideas (once he described that the suggestion of what to eat and what movie to watch seems to take roughly an hour since his mind is juggling many other things).   3. He’s not generally thoughtful or attentive around the household. I’ve taken on many of the other household duties like cooking, food planning, shopping trips / errands. I’m disappointed that many times he doesn’t recognize the opportunity to help without me asking, and constantly feel like the parent without an equal partner.  4. He’s not great at understanding and articulating his feelings. I would describe myself as an empath and through more conversations I’ve realized that he isn’t usually in tune with his emotions. Sometimes when I try to have deeper conversations about our feelings (e.g. greatest hopes / fears / insecurities) I’ll feel like we hit a wall where he is unable to engage deeper. Makes it harder for me to feel fully connected to him, and understood by him as a result.   5. He can be lazy and/or easily distracted. In a pandemic, these lifestyle habits seem to be magnified 10x and irritate me on a daily basis. I see him mindlessly scroll Reddit or play Sudoku during work hours when there are probably better things to do with his time. When we have conversations he’ll sometimes mindlessly pull out the phone mid-conversation. I’ve called him out on these habits but he doesn’t see them as a problem. I feel like his habits start to bring out the worst in me. I want to be with a partner who makes and pushes me to be better, not the opposite.   I have two questions for this community:  1. We are starting couples therapy this week but I suspect a huge part of seeing progress will be getting clinically diagnosed / going on meds. How much of a shift in behavior should I expect after this takes place? I’m assuming the pain points don’t just magically disappear but how much better does it get?   2. For those who have walked down this journey, is it worth it? I’m 34, and recognize that this is quite possibly the worst time to start searching for another partner, but I do have goals of finding the right person to build a family with. How do I decide whether this is something I want to work through vs cut my losses and start anew?
cb802153ffbdebe560e6c080966ed021dd9a4a4afc98c133d3418a80e5d1b22a;;;Partner with ADHD invades my personal space;;;(Trigger warning: sexual assault mentioned)  I have been with my dADHD partner for about 6 years, but recently moved in for the first time. I knew he’s had ADHD since he told me in the early stages of our relationship but from my perspective, he was just prone to acting goofy but also extremely creative.  In his adult life, he’s done really well at coping with his ADHD, but recently we’ve hit a rough point in our dynamic. Here’s what’s going on:  When I was a pre-teen a close relative molested me. Since then, I feel I’ve gotten mostly over it, however, I believe I have some PTSD from this where if someone approaches me or overpowers me physically, I get triggered by snapping at the person or freezing and getting overwhelmed.  My partner has a tendency to get excited and sometimes triggers this in me by touching me without warning or consent (sometimes in private areas).   I have expressed to him why I snap like this and have stated that we need to work on this as a team, but he takes it personally and says this makes him feel like a creep (and I don’t think he is a creep, I know he’s not trying to take advantage of me, but has a hard time controlling those impulses). He is not on medication and wants to avoid it if possible.  Partners of/or people with ADHD, have you experienced this, and how have you worked to overcome or minimize these impulses?
088aae1c53997e1fec7c2c71bddb52a95ed36f5d0bf39be209ed566674255b15;;;What's the point of asking;;;Hi all, I'm having a particularly rough day with my husband and just wanted to vent.  We have a cleaner coming over today and so last night I had asked my husband to do the pile of dishes by the sink that we had. My work load has been lighter, so I have been taking it upon myself to handle most of the house chores. Last night, I decided that I wanted a little break so I asked my husband to handle the dishes.  Well, this morning I go around the house to do a once over and see if there's anything easy I can clean so that the cleaners can focus more on detailing rather than like...picking up dirty paper towels off the table....aaaand I notice there are still some dishes in the sink.  Not the end of the world! I can just put away the clean dishes really quickly and refill the washer.   ...I wouldn't be posting here if it wasn't a big deal. I opened the dish washer, and low and behold...dishes were just thrown in with food crusted, caked on. Dough sticking to the utensils...nothing had been even rinsed before being put in there. I found a mug with an entire TEA BAG still in it.   Now I have to redo all those dishes and hand wash whatever doesn't fit. I'm just...tired. I cried for about 5 minutes over the disrespect that I'm feeling from this. My husband came out and immediately wanted to fix it, but I just am over it and he has a lot of work to do today. I just want to ask for something to get done and have confidence that it's not going to look like someone doing chores for the first time did it the next day.
898762baedec7b65e0f90b5cfd5db8435c0fa5338d34af495ed0aa07e278df8f;;;Feeling like I'm always messing up/walking on eggshells;;;I'm just venting in this post.   My boyfriend is hard to be around on the weekends. I had plans to go to the beach today with a friend, partly to avoid him, but also because I have more social needs than my boyfriend can provide. My friend canceled the beach trip I was really looking forward to. And my boyfriend and I had a rough day (no surprises there). My boyfriend was angry at himself throughout the day, because he couldn't relax. When I wasn't feeling completely ignored, I felt like I was being picked on. I told my boyfriend I was leaving, and that I really needed some social interaction today. When I came back home I was still feeling bad and was tearful. My boyfriend realized and said he was going to stay with me and give me attention. I was so relieved he was able to figure this out. I know I said it in plain English, but even that does not work sometimes. He comforted me for a bit, but it was not long before he began crying and saying he's been feeling depressed lately. So I comforted him, and my feelings were second to his again (and again and again). Later we went out to eat, and we came back home. My boyfriend was breathing very shallow, I asked if he felt okay and that he was breathing shallow. He immediately took it as a criticism, and said I was making him self conscious. Now he's having an RSD reaction to a mild concern I voiced. I'm feeling like I'm at the end of my rope. I cannot do and say everything right. I'm so tired of having to be the voice of optimism and positive affirmation all the time, while my boyfriend is critical, angry, and grumpy.
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Ways Forwards;;;Obviously, both of us working full time, and then me coming home to maintain the household responsibilities and social obligations, and my own personal growth and hobbies and taking care of physical health and fitness and a dog just cannot happen. I am grumpy and waaayyy overly stressed.  I ask for help around the  house and he goes to do the gardening and doesnt touch the chaos inside the house.  We've tried many different things but because he's not medicated, he just cannot and will not take care of his shit.  So, to make life less stresssful, this means I will  have to work part time. I am so very grateful and proud that he works hard, that he's successful in his job. So if he wants to be the main breadwinner, more power to him.  But I cannot live a life of chaos. So if I work part time, and then have a couple of days a week to manage the rest of life, I think that will work best. Then the simple chores of dinner dishes after work can be his thing, and the deep cleaning will be mine.  Has anyone else found a system like this to be helpful? I would 100% hire cleaning ladies and cooks, if I could afford it. But I cannot, so I have to make it work by not working full time.  I figure if the big things of life are out of the way, he can take care of little things.  Also, we are going to try for kids next month.   \*\*I DONT want to hear about how thats a bad idea. I was a nanny for 11 years. Children are my heart and soul and give me more joy and fulfillment than anything else in the entire world. The only thing holding me back was the fear of "how to handle ALL RESPONSIBILITY"  but I think working part time and have 2 days a week being my  "home work" days, makes it 100% doable and what will work for our family.
be27fa211a67142f136ee36b0d282efe51686b621da31026d0b07092e4b0b3b3;;;A Thank You and a Question;;;My husband has ADD- diagnosed and on meds which he doesn’t take consistently.   My life is much like what I’ve been reading here- we have two kids, a mortgage, I carry the entire mental load for our life. My husband cannot be relied on and I’m exhausted by feeling like the only adult.  Finding this forum and reading all the posts has helped me feel less alone.   He’s lost four jobs. The job he has now has reduced his salary for the third time because he just isn’t doing the work. He’s the primary breadwinner.  He needs to find a therapist and has agreed to go to counseling. I assume he needs to find a Cognitive Behavioral Therapist. Other than that, is there anything specific he be looking for?   Thank you.
b5671160148b34e4a7830d79baf12092c26c098f61d5f14e70040f9b2b2cddb6;;;How do I deal with."no, you!" tantrums?;;;Hi friends,   Im on mobile, sorry in advance for any weird formatting. Also, I hope this is the right place to talk about and seek advice on a strange adhd behavior.  I hope you can help me understand a very strange and frustrating behavior. I cant make heads nor tails of it, and its creating quite a roadblock. I (wife, no adhd diagnosis) been married for many years to a man (adhd-pi diagnosis) for close to 20 years. Its usually quite good.   However, lately when I confront him about something, or ask him to modify a behavior, he denies that hes engaging in that behavior and then, in the next breath, tells me that I need to stop it. Hes never done whatever I was talking about, Im projecting, and Im blaming him for my problems and its so deeply unfair and cruel to him and so on.  For example: "Husband, I would like for you to lower your voice"  Husband, yelling: "I DONT NEED TO LOWER MY VOICE IM NOT YELLING YOURE YELLING YOU LOWER YOUR VOICE"  I actually wasnt yelling at all. I recorded myself just to make sure.   This happens over nearly everything, from forgetting to throw a box away to lowering a voice to requests not to interrupt to requests to listen and a million other basic things. An apology? I'll ask him for an apology because he hurt my feelings. That gets ignored and then he rants and raves for hours over how I need to apologize to him. Sometimes I do, just to shut him up, but I dont mean it and Im really starting to resent him every time he opens his mouth. As a result of the "no, YOU", Im pretty reluctant to speak to him at all unless its about basic small talk topics.  The listening one is bonkers. Ill ask him to listen to me because I have something to say and I would like his attention, and he will insist, loudly, that he wants me to listen to him. Ive called his bluff and agreed to listen, and he didnt have anything he wanted to say! Once I was done "listening" to him, he walked away because the conversation was, in his mind, done. He was the one that was needing to be listened to and he was. Me needing to say something completely didnt register.  Its infuriating because theres no path forward in this that I can see. Hes like a parrot, and everything I try to have a serious conversation about just gets thrown back at me. Nothing is taken to heart or even considered for a moment.  What is this nonsense? What can be done about it? Is there anyway I can manage to not tear my hair out in frustration? Any and all thoughts welcomed, as I am completely baffled by this, ans Im losing patience really quickly with him.
bce64c4f1352bbf7384ef46707e700983ba3920cd11ab52fb2f71c5ca7e54437;;;I think my relationship is ending;;;My boyfriend thinks he has ADHD but is undiagnosed. After almost two and a half years together I don't think I can handle the fighting any more. Feeling alone in this relationship. Feeling ignored. Feeling like their is no building a relationship. Only this moment matters, nothing in the past matters because he might not remember. Feeling gaslighted.  Today I told him I think we both need some space. I've been crying a lot because I feel almost like it's already over. He's playing video games with his friends.
ace6bfbf02d0c24f100003e5f6da63570f4152fabe973753149baaf301486aaa;;;I feel like I'm going crazy, and don't know which way is up.;;;My wife (DX, unmedicated/untreated) and I (DX, medicated) have been married for about a year. In that time, she has begun exhibiting behavior that is deeply disconcerting and is causing me to question my sanity and which way is up. I don't know if this is ADHD or something more, but I'm really struggling and could use some feedback. I will preface this by saying she's one of the best women I have ever known, and these things only happen in the heat of the moment when she feels defensive. This has never once happened during a moment of non-conflict and I believe strongly it has to do with a combination of impulsivity and other ADHD traits, as well as some bad habits learned at the hands of an abusive father to avoid punishment.   In even the most minor conflict, my wife responds with \*extreme\* defensiveness and latches onto irrelevant details and derails conversations and turns the tables to make an issue that I'm concerned or upset about somehow my fault. To make matters worse, in these situations she will sometimes spin the facts in ways that don't make sense and don't add up.   A recent example happened yesterday when I found texts from someone she dated briefly and slept with a couple of times before we met (who I don't believe she has any feelings for) and he was urging her to leave me, saying, "you need to just end it and ask him to leave. You will feel immediate relief, even if you feel a bit sad for doing it...Jesus Jane, get papers, and give them to him". She replied that yes, that was probably what would happen, but she wanted to do it via our counselor. I found the texts on an intuition after she has recently been acting more combative and defensive, and seeming less willing to communicate in healthy ways, acting secretive with her phone, and acting almost giddy acting all cheerful and smiley after we'd had a fight and baking scones at midnight when she would normally be sullen and depressed or in bed. When I brought it up, I told her very calmly that we should discuss splitting up because it's clear you aren't in this all the way and that you have one foot out the door. She told me that it was all just in my head, that I get an idea in my mind and then get carried away believing my own stories. I asked her if she was sure she wanted to tow that line, and shared that I knew about the texts, and told her that it's not ok with me that your former lover is egging you on to leave me, this is a violation of our boundaries as a married couple. To be clear, I'm not concerned about this guy. He's a scrawny little twat with a pony tail who drives a corvette to feel good about himself and he's not trying to take my wife, he's just a douchebag running his mouth. Jealousy is not even on the radar here. I'm just calling the facts as I see them.  She immediately retorted, "he was NOT my lover, and he's NOT egging me on!" Well, I'm no scholar, but I'm pretty sure by any definition of the word, someone you had sex with and dated briefly would be called your lover if they don't meet the threshold for boyfriend. Is there even another word for it?  And by his words ... "Jesus, get papers and give them to him" etc is definitely egging on in my book. She continued to argue against this before turning the tables and telling me I had no right to look in her phone. Well, this is the pinnacle of hypocrisy because she has my passwords and has gone through my phone and laptop \*at great length\* going through thousands of text messages and emails, reading messages from previous relationships etc that she really had no right to, but I never scolded her, I was fine with it because I have no secrets. I have long told her that my standard for integrity is that I would never say or do anything with someone else that I wouldn't want her to hear or see, and that at any time she can look at anything she wants to. Until now, I've never had a reason to snoop. I just knew something was off.  Today, we were talking about the incident after counseling and she claimed that she never agreed with him that she would leave me, saying that she meant that she was agreeing that she wanted a temporary separation, when there was never a mention of any such thing in the text message. I pointed this out, and that there was no room for interpretation, in that thread. He said "end things" and "get papers" to which she replied in the affirmative both times. At first she latched onto the order of my words because I said "serve papers" first, when that was the last thing he said. When I pointed out that "end things" and "get papers" mean the same thing, she insisted that she had discussed separating earlier in the thread and there was a time-lag so when it looked like she was responding affirmatively to him, in reality she was affirming her earlier suggestion at a temporary separation. I sincerely doubt this.  So I said, "ok, show me". And of course she refused, saying she's not on trial. Then why did she present her previous text messages as evidence? A little while later she says she actually deleted the messages because she was worried I might look some more and she was paranoid before sending me a single screenshot of her telling him that she wondered how much of this was her fault. So I then asked why she would have deleted messages that would have put her in a good light, and then asking if she deleted messages, how come she has this one? She wrapped that up by saying she's confused and that I'm trying to run circles around her, but it feels very much the opposite. It feels like either I'm going insane and I have holes in my brain that are causing me to hallucinate or there is something very, very wrong here.  The thing is, I don't give a shit if she wants to get a divorce. I've brought it up to her that things have been bumpy and that we can call it quits as adults and do it maturely and it doesn't have to be a big messy thing. I love her, and if she's not happy I want to let her go. But what I can't do is tolerate being lied to regularly or having my boundaries or the boundaries of our marriage violated constantly, and these kinds of situations have become commonplace where I am all but certain she is lying to me (but twisting things around to make it very confusing like this). In fact, this scenario has played out 6-8 times in the last 6 months, where she says something that is false and I call her out and then she says she didn't say it, and several times when it was in a text message and I show it to her she then says she never said that she didn't say it, she was actually saying something else. And then when I point out that her claimed story doesn't make logical sense based on the timeline and the facts in the texts, she claims that she's confused and that she was confused all along and that it's all somehow my fault that she couldn't keep things straight. It's exhausting and debilitating and it's making me honestly question my sanity.   I'm mentally, physically and emotionally exhausted and distraught because I don't know how much of this is me misremembering things, or her honestly being confused or having a poor memory, or her having a darker side that I'm just now discovering. But I can think of dozens of examples of this, where she has latched onto words that are irrelevant to the issue at hand in order to derail a conversation, turned the tables and made my concern something that I've done wrong instead, or done what I can only describe as gaslighting. She has an appointment on Friday to see her doc and try another medication, as of now she is unmedicated and not seeing a doctor for ADHD except for a prescribing psychiatrist who has already tried a few meds that didn't work (except adderall, which worked but she didn't like).  So ADHD partners out there, please let me know, have you experienced anything like this extreme defensiveness? Confusing arguments and conversations that leave your head spinning? Is there hope? I'm at a loss here ...
7e796ea4bffeebf77ef1013cd32eee4e8d8e45e07a94062f533982f736594ce3;;;Is there a relationship between ADHD and how romantic your partner is?;;;Hello again, my second post. I'm 26m, ADHD Partner is 23f. Dating 2 years. Partner also suffers from a few mental health issues including traumas, so I understand that in addition to typical human variance, there are more things complicating my experience.  So, my partner is amazing. She's really smart, kind, funny, a beautiful soul through and through. For most of our relationship, but especially within the last year my partner has been increasingly less proactive in our relationship. When she's suffering or busy, it makes total sense, but even when she's well (or seemingly "well enough") she's still pretty reactive. I initiate the majority of our conversation, the majority of our dates/time together and i express affection more frequently. We don't live together and she both works and has her masters program online so I try to cut her some extra slack whenever i can but the cumulative effect is that our relationship feels imbalanced. I give more, i give small and I give large. She often reciprocates in the ways that she can. She likes to do big plans, dates where she pays and plans the day and I'm not supposed bring anything to the table which are rare events. I do always enjoy them but these days sometimes seem like they are more for her, so that she can prove to me or to herself that she can do these things for me, rather than them feeling like it's by the both of us and for the both of us (don't take this sentence too much into account though, I may just be trying to poke holes). I want her to be more proactive more often in little ways like inviting me to come over, or coming by my house. Starting a conversation or expressing a desire to see me without me expressing it first. If it weren't for her rare but deep declarations of love and value of me, I wouldn't think she was very interested in me (though, I don't doubt that she loves me if that makes sense).  Her set of personal circumstances make her very good at working and doing school related things. I've been thinking for some time that she focuses on those things because they are emotionally and logically safe investments where relationships are riskier and frightening.
dde478eb372ac8eba046a42254605cdbf34380088f82609eeadb3e9872af3de6;;;Its over, thank you;;;My undiagnosed, unmedicated partner decided to break it off on a whim in order to be unfaithful. Sorry y'all. I have great respect for all of you.
d2f6eed3decf7051a3cc9f263af5cdc899efdb65866c6772c9d4485adc6a4edc;;;Does ADHD ever affect affection?;;;I [21 F] and my partner [22 M] have been comming to terms with his adhd and finding where it affects our relationship and working on ways to alleviate problems or deal with them.   I'm pretty positive on the matter, we've been together over 7 years and i want to learn as much as i can to be as helpful to him and our relationship.   I know the classic problems, i know that he doesnt mean to interrupt me, that he doesnt purposefully forget things or try to ignore me. I get his time management lacks.   BUT what i have the hardest problem with is an issue i havent seen anything about in regards to adhd. So im wondering if its adhd or just him. The issue is he will always forget or delay any sort of affection after i get upset.   For instance i tell him my feelings got hurt because he spent so long playing video games after i told him what time it was that we miss the sunset we were gonna go watch. He then spends 20 mins explaining himself (comes off as very defensive tbh) and im mostly hurt because instead of devoting that time to hugging me and saying sorry hes just seemingly making excuses. I would feel so much better after these little things (especially now knowing its adhd not him) if he just spent 10 mins showing me some love and 10 mins explaining that he didnt mean to lose track of time.   He often explains/defends himself first before ever apologizing. I sometimes have to tell him "you didnt even say sorry" or "you havent even kissed me or hugged me" he often doesnt realize that he didnt do those things and says he thought he did.  So what im wondering is, is this something anyone here has experience with. Is this a symptom of relationships with a partner who has adhd?   TLDR; My partner has adhd and struggles with showing me affection. Not on a regular basis but after any type of hurt feelings or fight or something. Is that a symptom/ caused by adhd or is it just him?
1200996f78195eade8bcba411af28db78958425cf2e1b0f2cbbcf109d96df391;;;Compulsive lying;;;I (24f) think my husband (26m, dx, med 1 year) is compulsively lying to me. I've caught him lying to me once about a purchase we made. We had a conversation about trust and he promised to be more honest with me. I know being compulsive is a symptom of adhd and I've overheard him admit to his brother that he has no problem lying, and if caught in a lie he'll just continue to lie. He also has anxiety and depression, and I'm sure that doesn't help the lying either.  I do think he's still lying to me. About stupid shit that doesn't even matter. For example, last night while I was laying in bed, waiting for him to come to bed, I suddenly started to smell cigarette smoke in our bedroom. I text him asking if he's smoking, so I can ask him to open the garage door so the smell stops getting in the house, and he vehemently denied it. And when he came to bed he smelled very strongly of smoke. WE BOTH SMOKE. There's literally no reason for him to deny it so much.  He even promised me he didn't smoke but I don't believe him. It hurts to think that he's lying to me. That he thinks I'm stupid or simply doesn't respect me. I feel like if he doesn't care about communicating with me, he doesn't care about our marriage. I'm so angry about it. I don't have any proof so I'm not sure if confronting him about it is the right thing to do. Any advice on what to do, whether I should talk to him about it or not, would be appreciated.  He's wonderful in so many ways and we love each other dearly, the last thing I want to do is drive a wedge between us.
45f44dc3af478fdfab693d1f0b4b7e6f6987fcadb3edc264f8af0873d0c62d87;;;Is this normal ADHD behavior?;;;Do most people with ADHD have anger management  issues? My SO (M 38 diagnosed at 12) has volatile outbursts where he is downright nasty, and then tells me that I am "too sensitive" or that "he could show me what REAL anger looks like" etc... these outbursts are usually over occurances that are minor inconveniences or misunderstandings.
d79cb89d71426aa221229c34119c865d125b3a89ccfff94225ea44ac534e726b;;;Is this ADHD? He says it's all in my head. Can you confirm if I am crazy or not;;;It took over 5 years of marriage for me to stumble upon this explanation for my husband's difficult and puzzling behaviors. It has ripped apart our marriage and I am burnt out from being the responsible adult. When I realized that this is ADHD, I finally felt compassion for him, and gently and respectfully brought it up. He responded aggresively that this is my usual imagination and threatened to leave if I pursued it. So can you read below and tell me if this is ADHD or if I am crazy as he says?  - forgetful about routine things on a daily basis - does not complete tasks. So if there are 3 things he takes care of, he will always forget one and you never know which one it will be - he struggles to keep up with everyday demands like job, traffic, home chores, caring for the kids - has an explosive anger that bursts out very easily - has trouble following through and completing tasks - struggles to fall asleep at night, and watches extensive hours of TV before he is able to fall asleep - has trouble waking up in the morning - has trouble leaving for work, other events on time - falls asleep on the wheel if driving for longer than 45 mins - gets easily distracted - is very charming and attentive in social circles and with new people - preferred mode is to be "checked out" and hardly notices if wife or kid is in distress right in front of him (got bad news, fell) - does better with very defined, one off tasks with near deadline - poor follow through on open ended, complex, or routine tasks - when he works on his car or a DIY project, he is so focused that he forgets to say hello to his family or even eat - we never go out as a family on weekends, because even going out for lunch, he would feel exhausted and need to sleep the rest of the day or even weekend. He says he cannot do both, we have to choose - either get the weekend chores done or go out for fun - is overwhelmed by change, stays in the same job for years however unhappy he is - constantly says everything we have to do is too much, there is no time for anything, and that our life is a drag - he does not pick up after himself and his belongings are always in a mess - he has a strange way of prioritizing, most often just does the easiest tasks or the ones he enjoys - has trouble staying still. If we are discussing something and I have to step away for literally 2 mins, I come back to find that he has vanished  - I take care of important things like paying the bills because he has not been reliable about taking care of such things - he has 2 modes - buzzing around like crazy doing stuff or deep in sleep/vegetating in front of tv. No middle mode where is relaxed and doing nothing but still present and engaged - if life piles up a bit (kid gets sick, moving homes, travel etc) he gets overwhelmed and starts lashing out at me - unable to complete a task without taking an unusual amount of breaks. If I can do it in 2 hours (meal prep) he will tale all day - hates planning and organizing - becomes very unhappy when there is nothing "exciting" going on in life and things are quiet and mundane  Please tell me. Am I crazy? Or does he have ADHD?
e3d309e6f5a2d5989365e59293d81aaa08d654f68488a12ac78ab2082580b117;;;How to not get frustrated;;;As a non ADHD partner, how can I better handle frustrations around phone use? It can be difficult and discouraging when I'm talking and he (DX, untreated) pulls out his phone to scroll. He'll tell me he's still listening, but sometimes he'll get distracted by what he's looking at and won't process what I'm saying and this can be difficult for me to experience.  I'm a very social person and engaged conversation is very important to me, it hurts when I talk for even a single minute and then he pulls his phone out. I understand it's a stimulation thing but there are other methods of self stimulating for conversation (I would know, I have ASD and a lot of ADHD traits).   It's not that I mind him scrolling through social media for a bit of downtime, we all do it, it's just how it's his default whenever I start talking, even if I was just making a short comment about something. It stings and makes me feel unimportant and like he doesn't value what I say.
01cd993df637d362a619c7249488f5edbb070b5f420351f848eb967de2d077b0;;;Treatment options?;;;My DX boyfriend who I live with has previously been on Adderall but stopped bc of its addictive qualities. He both loved the way it made him feel and hated it at the same time bc he continued to need a higher dose, had trouble sleeping, etc. He has admitted that he feels depressed and like he might need something to help him concentrate but is scared of going back on Adderall. Where should we start? Has anyone else experienced this and had success with an alternative treatment? Thank you in advance.
3f5b411057514be319eb62ed9bbd6f277cc3187b9326a6392cfe2a4cac6213c1;;;Those of you with kids, house etc with an ADHD partner - would you do it again?;;;I (F30) am feeling like I'm at a horrible decision point with my DX husband (M33).   We've been together for 10 years, married for 6.  I love this man so much.  We are so compatible.  He's my best friend.  We have many hobbies in common, we get along so well, and generally really enjoy each other company.  He has lots of great qualities - he's smart, passionate, kind, generous, patient.  He brings out the best in me.  All these reasons are why I married him, and why I've had no regrets.  He has ADHD and depression.  I try very hard to be a supportive partner.  I know its the ADHD and not him - but we have our problems.  The major problem is that he has been unemployed basically our entire relationship.  The second biggest problem is that I do 95% of household management/chores/planning (which at this point in our lives isn't that much work, so I don't mind it too too much).  He has been medicated and in therapy for almost 2 years now, but we have seen very little improvement.  He's trying - but it's almost like his trying isn't helping.  It's heartbreaking for him.  I really am starting to want to get to the next stage of my life.  I can't help feeling bitter that if only he had been able to hold down a job, we would have money for a down payment by now (or we could traveled more, or what if, what if, what if).  We both want kids "down the road" - but down the road keeps getting pushed further and further away.  I have serious concerns about whether or not he would actually be able to help me with children.  Or whether I will be run off my feet being a full time parent and full time bread winner.   I feel absolutely horrible.  I don't know what to do.   I'm asking those of you with all of the kids/house/etc responsibilities.....  If you could go back in time, would you have stayed with your partner, but not have children?  Do you regret having kids with your partner?  Do you wish you had cut and run?   &amp;#x200B;  Thank you xx
5df0798f8da48e6b1fcbf2d262acd0f836a4fceb55701bb52e8a59e1303ecab0;;;Planning a wedding;;;I am struggling here trying to plan a wedding during a pandemic with my ADD partner. We cancelled our original plans to do a backyard wedding. Every conversation seems to start from scratch and he “doesn’t remember” any previous agreements. He likes to be in charge of most situations but isn’t able to follow through on tasks such as checking guest lists and vendors, so after months I am forced to move forward on decisions after waiting til the last minute. He said he would rather pay someone to “deal with all this” than listen to my suggestions. I have tried to have conversations and truly ask him if waiting till next year or in the future would be make him happier, we have been together almost 10 years, so what’s the difference. However he insists that we move forward. Whenever he tries to help, he gets overwhelmed and it sets us back to the beginning. We aren’t going to have our dream 200 person destination wedding. I understand he’s upset and so am I. We agreed to make the most of our situation. He said he doesn’t listen to or remember what I say in terms of planning and logistics, so he wants to pay someone to do it for us. I’m worried that this is a terrible start to the marriage. I’m currently chalking this up to wedding stress, pandemic, adhd, etc but am I ignoring red flags here??
65177ae7941b82da77966db52911f62d609b00cb23e152d2ee95d297d027ad54;;;First time parents and newly struggling with DX husband - will consistent meds help?;;;First timer here!  Husband and I have been together 8+ years and his suspected ADHD has always been a “quirk” in the background of our marriage. I’m a type A control freak, so I happily took on project managing our life with weekly to do lists and reminders for my husband.   He was diagnosed with ADHD and GAD a year ago and sporadically medicates with adderall when work is intense. He doesn’t take it otherwise, but vapes medical marijuana regularly. He doesn’t seem high all the time, but I know he takes hits throughout the day to manage his anxiety.   We are now first time parents with a 3 month old baby. And wow Newborns and postpartum hormones sure make project managing your life REALLY frustrating. It’s glaring of how unreliable and forgetful he is these days. As a result we’re fighting more than ever and my resentment is off the charts which is turning me into an awful human.   My questions are 1) will him taking his medicine more consistently help us?  I’m new to this and doing research to try and understand.  I’ve asked him to talk to his doctor more but no dice. 2) is therapy something I should encourage him to explore?  3) are lists and phone reminders the best system out there to help manage ADHD?  And should I be owning this or should I be encouraging my ADHD partner to take responsibility here?  On the plus side he isn’t crazy defensive about his ADHD and he wants to find ways to be a better husband and father, but he jokes that if he could remember to set reminders and do them in the moment, then he wouldn’t be ADHD. He does say I can have a bad attitude and it’s clear I resent him so that’s the core of our marriage problems - not his ADHD. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
ef1bb5c49b2cd84df7203c19c0bc95f8b155cfbae065facd602e7b8da06786d2;;;I need to vent and get some feedback?;;;First, this is a "throwaway" as my husband knows my main. Fully intend to utilize this community as well as r/ADHD. He is diagnosed with ADHD, but unmedicated because american healthcare sucks  Second; I am kinky and my husband is still learning what kinky means to him. We got married with me not realizing that I crave having a partner take control of my schedule at home, like a parent and or guardian would. This does not mean that I want to be 12 again, but it does mean that I want to take my bad ass title at my executive office and leave it at the door. I want to be a vulnerable woman who can be capable of not making decisions. Part of our relationship has already made me extremely resentful of him because he, as an unmedicated ADHD-er, couldn't follow up on my schedule, because that is how I apparently feel loved, by being made to follow the rules and schedule set up for me.   Third; I do somewhat suspect I have ADHD myself. I have not been able to see a psychologist to be able to do any tests or even voice this concern. I am currently diagnosed with general Anxiety and depression disorders and drake medication for it.   Now, to the venting.   I have recently asked my husband to remove my cuffs in order to have physical reminder of our D/s lifestyle removed from my line of sight. It hurts to see them, because I love having him as my top. But it hurts more to have these desires that border on needs not be met, and rather have what I perceive to be a lame, half assed attempt. I know my husband loves me and cares for me, but I also need to hear/see it reflected by having him ask "did you do your Spanish today? What about *specific interest that you've been wanting to get into*?". And he's not asking because he simply doesn't remember. Part of it is that he's focused on himself, he's always had just himself to worry about. We've been married for a year, were still learning to take into account the other person. I have the same issue. But when we put reminders in his phone, or on sticky notes, or on a GIANT WHITE BOARD... they become background noise. He doesn't see them. And so, to help with this resentment, I'll just do it myself. He doesn't seem capable of doing it, so I'll just take care of myself.   I did ask him about two weeks ago, I think, to start doing some memory games so that he remembers more often and the external memory joggers maybe won't be needed as much. And I have asked him, near every day, to do the memory game. I think he's done it three times? That's what I've seen, anyway. I'll give him the benefit of doubt that he could have done more.   The support part also has some venting in it.   He asked me today if I would help keep him on a schedule of doing things, even if it's just a to do list. But felt like the memory games weren't doing anything, because they wanted him to focus on 13 different things. He feels this does not develop working memory, that there is no way to "flex" the "muscle" that is his working memory or create the pathways to develop his memory.   Honestly, it bugs the crap out of me. And some of it is the purely childish "you can't do it, but you want *me* to do it?!" instinct. I'm still battling with it. But a huge part of it is, as I understand it, he now wants ME to be the Top, the Caregiver. He wants me to be HIS keeper, his "boss".   I work full time, with people who don't understand the product they have to have to live and don't keep track of it like they should because their Google search is better than my degree. I am a bomb ass bitch who takes no prisoners.   But I can't do it full time. I HAVE to have some down time to recharge, have to be able to place that control in someone else's hands so that I don't end up a stressed out, stuttering, daily panic attacks woman again. Before I found BDSM, I was a wreck and could hardly balance myself. Now that I have it, I have the freedom to be both boss ass bitch and meek little girl without the anxities of either seeping into home or work.   It feels like he's asking me to mix the two again, to be the Dominant.   I can't do it. It will destroy my health.  So my question to you other spouses of ADHD-ers...  How can you help your spouse do what he needs to do without being his mother or his keeper?
07bfbebe85dba2fa57188e686fd93afcb425bf02b42aab40c5f96fedc1a068ce;;;He just won't learn.;;;I love him so much, but living with him is so difficult. We've been lving together for years and we are still having the same conversations over and over again because he'll have forgotten all about them the next time. About how if we have an agreement about something, it's not okay for him to ask me for permission to break that agreement because he's feeling too lazy to keep his word that day. About how if I start a sentence with "I feel" it's insensitive to reply with "that's not true". About how if he says he'll do something and my response is to ask if he's sure he'll remember, it's not okay to get irritated with me because 90% of the time he doesn't remember.  I just want him to admit to himself how forgetful he is so we can start working with it, finding ways to make it not be a problem together. But he's adamant, every time, that he will remember. He almost never does! This makes it impossible to make any progress and I keep having to explain the same things. He always says he understands how I feel, but the next time, sometimes as soon as the next day, he'll do the exact same thing again! And I have to explain the same shit, again! It's just so hard.. :'(
06ce36334acb4edb00c3a3b2e0b35017831077b524e61d8d0003f5e48b39a4e6;;;Dinner Party Marathons - How to accommodate ADHD partner?;;;Hi guys,  I'm currently engaged to lovely lady who happens to have been DX'd ADHD and is currently struggling with family time. Every Sunday my family gathers at my parents home to share a meal. My parents, sibling and I are really close and we enjoy conversing during this time which can last up to a couple hours. On a typical night, we'll sit down to eat at 6:30 and finish coffee &amp; dessert by 8 after which we like to watch a show or a movie. Now, the trouble we're having is that my partner struggles with paying attention for such a long stretch. She's off her meds on the weekends and gets quite tired by the end of the day. She gets distracted on her phone at the dinner table and my family has started to notice. This weekend I was confronted by my sister and mother about our apparent 'rudeness'. After talking to my partner about this she's started to  ask me to change the format of my parents dinner party to accommodate her mental state so she doesn't have to "suffer through a long conversation".  My parents have mentioned banning cellphones from the dinner table and my partner has said she's started to reconsider coming if she can't be accommodated. She'd like everyone to eat earlier and move to a more comfortable sitting area at a scheduled time.  She often uses the cellphone at the dinner table to 'recharge her mind'. I just want to know if you guys have dealt with something similar before? What kind of special concessions have you guys made to help your partners? I've already suggested that she could leave the table to recharge but that didn't go over well. I hate being the middle man between two parties that I really love. I am open to any suggestions that may help.   Thanks
913be67a7d9adc527abc54454a72429bdb7fde307da24e25ae3fa299093e580c;;;Is item blindness a thing?;;;I think my husband is blind to "his" stuff and overly aware of mine.   When we first moved in together he'd go on regular rants on how much "stuff" I had. That everywhere he'd look was my things. Granted, I brought in a lot more furniture and kitchen items into the relationship, but beyond that I didn't see an overabundance of my things in the space. I reduced what I did have or and got rid of some of the unneeded items since it seemed to bother him so much. I regret some of the items I've tossed, but he still seems to think I have too much stuff and need to get rid of it.    He's also had moments where he's been frustrated with me leaving (in his words) trash everywhere that he needs to clean up, junk just sitting out in his way, etc. I've been trying to be really conscious of this and making sure I put items in their home when I'm done with it. I constantly feel like I'm just a slob and a horrible housekeeper because I can't seem to keep it clean enough for him.   Well, with the pandemic I'm off work so I decided to do some deep spring cleaning. What I've discovered: our kitchen table is unusable because it's COVERED in his things. 100% of the items on there are his. He has a tendency to hoard paper towels and napkins and leave them everywhere. I picked up 6 so far today. He has over 8 pairs of headphones. He has a pile of "future projects" just sitting in the office space that have no home. Everywhere I look is piles and piles of papers, electronics, project bits, etc etc. But he doesn't see any of it. He just sees my stuff, my messes.   Is this an ADHD thing? Any tips on how to approach this?
5c0a6e97fa61e66035524094b0c2fdb5815e15260335f30c6c579c963ba538db;;;Adhd hyperactive;;;Hi!   I’ve my fiancé and I have been together for five years, (engaged for two) We we were supposed to be married this June but due to Covid we had to postpone. We bought a  house together in 2018 than... Boom!! It all changed. Our intimacy was slim to none (sex life) especially,  I never felt so disconnected from him. He’s very loving, and compassionate... but I knew something was off with him instantly.I’ve never felt so disconnected in my relationship and it was only getting worse. This last year I’ve been Begging him to communicate with me, I basically got nowhere. His demeanor towards me completely changed. I told him Our only hope is to go to couples counseling, to save this relationship. After seeing A psychiatrist within the last eight months. In March he had gotten diagnosed with ADHD-Hyper focused. before getting diagnosed he had used substance For a long time And then stopped and got into pornography. He was so ashamed of himself he distance himself from me. The more he had to lie the more he had to hide them or he had to hide them or he felt guilty. Gaslighting me, argumentative, It even started to became toxic. He was even Not being fully truthful when we went to therapy because of all the shame and guilt. That he never wanted to face.. (awful I know )Mind you I’m planning a wedding at the same time feeling like I’m being cheated on ? He was also going on social media and grabbing intention from other females so they can make him feel good about himself. Bc of His self-esteem was so low,He says he felt so lonely all the time. Because he didn’t feel it within himself. He knew this was so abnormal and he wanted it to go away even though he was engaging in it. If I knew the real him he felt like I wouldn’t let him so he lied to me. I feel so betrayed by him in so many ways. When I found out what he was doing on social media. The tables turned real fast. Now he’s willing to open up and express his emotions like never before. My problem is I have been so caring and loving... that I put my needs aside to help him always All I did was give give give and he takes takes takes. I had to go through his privacy to find out the real truth. Now that I removed myself I need some time away to heal.. from all of this chaotic Mess.When I needed him crying to talk to me he was unable too. But now finding the truth that I had to find for myself it wasn’t even comin from him  everything changed. Now he’s willing to completely open up to me, buying books looking into ADHD and really taking this seriously. I almost feel like if I go back to him is this just going to be a vicious cycle. Where he gets me back and then hyper focuses on something else? Because that’s always what I feel like...Having an emotional whatever on the Internet plus pornography and we’re supposed to be exchanging vows has completely broken my heart. I’m not even sure if he’s able to sustain this relationship... considering I feel like he’s hyper sexual end it was never with me. Now he wants to put in all the work when it’s too late. Any advice is much appreciated because I’m ready to walk out on him. I deserve to be in a loving committed relationship who is fully devoted to me, not someone who comes and goes
7ab7bfd79e79ce297b676ec6bf3f9ae278f4b7a9c887a2669ade533e50f2ddc3;;;Had enough. Told him I wanted a divorce. Scared I made a mistake.;;;My undiagnosed but absolutely ADHD husband and i have been together 7 years. When we met he was in the military (great structure which I now realize), had an apartment, basically had his life pretty much together. He was very messy and didnt really cook, and had issues with things like paying his taxes, but otherwise was ok. We worked out together (bc he had PT tests) and had hobbies together.  I worked part time, went to school and managed to he entire household, cooking, cleaning, finances, etc. It worked and we were happy.  I managed to get my dream job and he got out of the military. I also left the house often for training. He went back to school and did ok. He had an issue with depression for a while. Had issues with follow-through but I still managed the entire household so it wasn't too bad. He worked for about 9 months after graduating college, and then we moved again.   Our new house required house projects. He started on them and finished halfway on most of them. Was supposed to go to grad school but dropped out because of more depression. Struggled with making appointments and then would forget and not go. Stopped getting haircuts. Wouldn't do much other than video games. I asked him to help around the house and told him I was parenting him. He did help cook and clean. He did not function well otherwise. I wanted to do things, go out,, work out, see our new state. He was frustrated I didn't want to game with him.  We went to marriage counseling. I went to counseling. I begged him to work harder. He said he was working as hard as he could, but still missed appointments and would forget important events.  We started to resent each other. In December, I asked him to get Christmas presents for his side of the family. He waited until Christmas eve after me begging him. He missed another appointment.   He has seen a psychiatrist who was very hesitant to prescribe adhd medicine. So we've been waiting for him to jump through her hoops. Eventually he made an appointment for a second opinion (still upcoming).  On Sunday I told him I wanted a divorce. He said ok and asked how the process went. He's since found motivation to look for jobs out of town where he wants to move, decided to join a gym out of town, cleaned out his car...all things I've been hoping for for years.  I still love him very much and it hurts to see him.  Basically, I was wondering if anyone has had experience with this and if ADHD medication coudl solve his problems.
75820b78f64f4fb624405dbdf46478714eca0ff53aa9da7df870d48cd16d8205;;;Breaking up over anger issues and household frustrations?;;;So me (24F) and my bf (23M) are now 7 years together and living together since february (yeah.. great relationship test with the pandemic). I was already aware of his (officially confirmed) ADHD and had my fair share of learning and listening to his needs. While we were still living apart we were doing quite good. Ofcourse we had some small issues, but always worked it out.  Now I feel like I’m about to lose it, because I now see how intense and regularly he gets angry about small things like: me putting oil instead of butter in a pan or if I remind him of cleaning something. He just gets aggressive and yells at me. I always get so stressed and sometimes even scared, that I had multiple panick attacks. I had a traumatizing youth with anger issues in the family and never really worked on it emotional myself. I understand I need to work out those issues to heal myself, but I also feel like I need effort on his anger management from him too. We have talked about this and I got a lot of trust out of that conversation, but he seems to be forgetting what we’ve talked about and why it’s so triggering to me.  Next to that, I do a lot in the household. We both work 32h a week, have our hobbies and friends, but I seem to put a lot more time in it. (Like the regular, dishes everyday, toilet/bathroom/kitchen every week but mostly tasks that are annoying to do like cleaning the oven, the trashbin, folding laundry) When I ask him create a better balance, he says that it’s my problem that I want it thát clean and I need to do it myself if I want the cleanness I’m looking for. I feel like a mom that always needs to tell him what needs to happen, tell him a week up front and remind him every few days to get him to do his part. I know I need to give him time and let him do it in his way (every day like 10min max.), but I just feel so unhappy with this that I don’t see him as my bf anymore. , more like a roommate that is fun to be with, but also very impulsive and all over the place.  I don’t know if I can put up with this.. and the conversations always lead to the conclusion that I just have to live with it and not complaining so much.  Any advise, please..? 😅
c56e0a05ac726b68252053627bccc1aa9f087737e356a41f569922dd646ae172;;;Are productive conversations possible? How do you return to communication gone terribly awry?;;;Mainly our relationship consists of me being the “This is fine” dog meme in a fiery room until I feel the need to open a conversation about something that feels unlivable. In between all of these conversations, my partner vows he will check in more, communicate more, and altogether take the wheel more about aspects of our relationship that are unsatisfying for me because undoubtedly if I take the initiative to speak with him, he gets annoyed and defensive so therefore he needs to communicate more when he feels he has the patience.  Only he forgets. Totally. And then inevitably I start a conversation over an issue that is totally worth discussing.   Even if it’s been months since our last relationship-centric conversation, my partner still has an extraordinarily finite amount of patience. His finite amount of patience sets me off precisely because I’ve been curating an easygoing environment for months and I feel I deserve attention and it goes south from there.  We had a bunch of fights in the last week and ultimately I set a variety of expectations calmly outside of our arguments : that I either expect my partner to incite conversations when he knows he has patience to have one OR I expect him to postpone conversations I start to a time when he will have empathy and patience. I also said that the primary purpose of these conversations, given that he makes it painfully clear that only I care about their existence &amp; content, is to solve problems, listen to me, and offer reassurance because the burdens of the relationship fall so much on my shoulders and I need to touch base sometimes and feel it’s worth it. He said he understood and agreed with me.  We began talking tonight and he said the exact fucking wrong things. As in things that I’ve specifically asked that he stop saying, in essence “if you feel that way, maybe we shouldn’t be together” and also “I’m doing everything I can so if it’s still not enough, I don’t know what to tell you.” The second comment is deeply infuriating because it took years to get him to see an effective therapist and do a handful of chores so he’s really not doing everything but barely reaching a bare minimum which I’m supposed to respect because it’s hard for him.  These comments are just him being fucking stupid and tactless. He doesn’t actually seem to feel this way and desperately does not want to break up. Which I know because I am still open to doing so after years together and he aggressively resists doing so when it comes up.  I criticized his response and then he gets fucking fiery because he was “trying to help” and he just tries to flip it on me for being under-appreciative. If I say comments like this actually make me want to break up, he tries to use that as proof that communication = bad or gets frustrated and belittles the situation like it’s stupid or I’m being stupid and we could just be happy if I was more zen. But I feel so convinced that these issues are a direct product of ignoring problems and then being nothing but an ass when they’re discussed. And then I get lectured on figuring out what I want or letting negative comments pass through me more or seeing that he’s trying to help, even when it seems like he’s doing everything in his power to make things worse.  I don’t think it’s intentional but obviously it makes me not want to talk to him at all. Which I think he sees as a win, like hooray no talking but I see it as I will find somebody who I can talk to.  I don’t even feel like it’s about being right so much as it’s about being a team. I have always had to carry the team far more and the moments when I start to buckle are the moments I need him to show up, not the time to be the most undeserving martyr of all time. I know that avoiding conversation, then handling eventual conversations poorly and feeling persecuted is the exact formula for ensuring I will want to leave.  Is this normal? Have others had similar experiences?   I don’t even embark on these conversations intending to discuss a break up. I just feel like I could be ten percent happier with a little effort or reassurance and then I leave them feeling like yeah upending my whole life would be easier than continuing to endure this person.  Can somebody offer me advice for the mature next step? We ended on a note of him telling me listening gets him nowhere, me replying that he obviously isn’t listening to me and then him eventually shouting “Enough!” and storming off.  I feel like crying and shouting and being emotional but honestly I just want to return to it and communicate that if he wants to lose this, then that’s fine by me. That communication is just supposed to ensure we stay together.   I cried for a while but now I just feel numb. And I guess I’d like a little guidance on if this is all normal, worth it, and what’s the most mature way to feel or act next. I know feelings don’t have to be mature, but I feel like I’m crumbling and I’d appreciate guidance.  TL; DR: ADHD partner ensures communication is toxic and then refuses future communication because it only ever goes poorly
53be3c2829fc76b03803bd0769b3c69f8aed63a170160701676a0aeb043cefe9;;;My ADHD bf shut down on me in a really crucial stage of our relationship... I don't know what to do or how to feel.;;;A lot has been happening recently and I've been heavily stressed lately which definitely isn't helping, but there's something I can't shake out of my mind and I just need somewhere to vent. I'm in my first ever proper (long-distance) relationship and we decided we really wanted to have our first time together. Birth control really doesn't agree with me but I was so ready and committed that I decided to do it anyway so we could have sex. We've never spent more than 4 days together, but this time I went for around 10 days where it was just the two of us, and somehow I pictured it as being way more romantic than it was. When we got around to doing the deed, it just wasn't working and my bf just got really frustrated and shut down on me, he kinda got annoyed about the whole thing, and went to take a bath straight afterwards. It was like one minute things were fine and he was super open and we were really happy, but after we tried to have sex and it failed he literally turned into a different person...  For the next couple of days, he barely spoke to me and just watched videos on his phone and made me feel like he didn't even want me around. I even considered leaving his city early because I was so bewildered by the whole thing, I didn't know what to do. He told me he "felt numb", which I tried in all the circumstances to be understanding about, but honestly I felt crushed. I was so ready for our first time, I'm so paranoid about getting accidentally pregnant that this was a \*\*HUGE\*\* deal for me, and it was like when it got difficult he just gave up and it made me feel like he just didn't even want me tbh. I don't even know how to get over that. People fail to have sex their first time probably all the time but this was just a different level, and now I feel like every time we try again, this is going to be in the back of my mind... like it's going to spark off him being super distant with me. Is it even normal that someone does this when attempting to be intimate? I know he has ADHD (possibly bipolar too) but it's really hurt me. I'm going of birth control now thank god, but I really feel so differently about having sex now, it's making me really sad :( I feel like it's going to take me months before I'm ready again. And the worst thing is that the day before I left, he switched back to his normal self... It felt like he was happy that I was leaving. I don't know what to do or say. I just feel weirded out by the whole thing, and that he isn't there for me in the way I need him to.
90b84193024cadc24d851aaa6c50573e65f9609790b08a4cbcb68e871d0f6eb3;;;Supporting my partner with stress at work;;;My boyfriend has recently been diagnosed with inattentive subtype ADHD and has started medication (we’re still adjusting the dosage). He’s been really stressed about work and upcoming deadlines and finds it difficult to actually do work because he’s so stressed and worried. He’s super worried that he’s going to get fired or yelled at because he hasn’t been able to meet a deadline on Friday.   This, in turn, really worries me and stresses me out, because I feel like I can’t really help him and I don’t want to nag him to work (because I know it’s not because he doesn’t want to work or he doesn’t try hard enough) and I don’t want him to resent me. I also don’t feel like I can tell him how stressed I am because he’s going to feel so guilty and he already feels so terrible.  What can I do? This is somewhat new to me. I’ve been dating him for 5 years, but it’s gotten a lot worse since the pandemic started!
18594e2e8c073e34c4c15a7789a3a30bfa52a1fed5fe893cb8d5e111d7f8c42a;;;Trouble with quality time love language...;;;Both I, and my partner are ADHD. Unfortunately, my love language is quality time and acts of service, which is probably THEE worst ones for ADHD. His love languages are touch and words of affirmation.  When we first started dating he was very talkative, interesting, and would show me cool stuff he reads about. We would hangout, drink wine, and talk about stuff. I loved how easy it felt conversing with him, and it made me feel loved and comfortable. Not that he ISN'T these things anymore, I just am having trouble getting him to spend time with me that isn't a TV show or video game. Also, he rarely tells me about anything that he's reading about or is working on anymore. I always have to prod it out if him, or I just end up being the one talking about stuff sorta AT him.   I suggest allot of ideas that would make me feel loved in the way I need, but he finds allot of those things boring. He tells me he doesn't like to "just talk", but we use to do that! Also, he does it with his friends too! When I bring this up, he says "ya, and it makes me really anxious allot of the time" but it always seems like he's enjoying himself. I just don't know what to do about this.... Like clearly I can't be with someone who can't give me the kind of love I need, but it's beyond me that anyone can get by in life with refusing to have this kind of communication at least ONCE in a while?? Idk, I just feel shut out from what goes on in his head in general.   He's been really good about the acts of service one. We struggled with chores, and stuff like that for a while, but he's really been trying recently. It makes me feel really happy! I still need to be able to communicate and connect the way I do in relationships with quality time, but I know he's open to couples therapy, so we're gonna give that a shot. I'm just worried that if I'm feeling shut out for too long, I'll just distance myself emotionally and there is no saving after that. I feel sorta tricked... Like he gave me this for a while, and then showed me how he really acts now that we're together.... I just miss him I guess, but was that even him?
25a182cb58543dbdde197d588a90d472dfd09db923449aefeb29faafb2a45698;;;Partner struggling with university work;;;My boyfriend was only diagnosed with adhd, as well as dyslexia, this summer and has started taking medication. He’s going into his third year doing a degree that he chose impulsively and hasn’t been interested in since beginning is second year. The past year has been a real struggle with him wanting to drop out, then changing his mind, and he now feels like he is stuck doing something he cares nothing about. He now has decided he wants to get a first in final year so that he has more options after uni but is putting so much pressure on himself and is getting so worked up over not being good enough and struggling to get anything done. He also suffers with depression so struggles with feeling confident in himself, often saying that without a degree he has nothing. I’ve tried to help him as much I can with plans, advise, and trying to look at the positive things but I feel like we’re just going round in circles with him melting down, me giving advise, him feeing better, and then the whole thing happening again.   Has anyone had a similar experience or have any advise on how to make it easier for him.   Thank you :)
2984ae60c0ccece023c36c7a7499a5638000fc25696cec8e09d26a64492c4481;;;ADHD husbands with low sex drive?;;;My husband has been diagnosed adhd since he was a kid. He says that he has never had much of a sex drive, but acknowledges he might also have a porn problem. He sees an orgasm more as a stress reliever,so masturbating is just more convenient. He's currently on Wellbutrin and Zoloft. Any advice?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Collaborative problem solving;;;Is it possible? I try to have a calm discussion where we work to better understand what is interfering with a specific goal and how to address it. I want my pwadhd to be involved in figuring out solutions because it is enabling and perpetuating a parent child dynamic to just be the boss making him do something to see if it solves a problem.   Last night things escalated to talk of divorce after I spent a long time trying to calmly discuss what is getting in the way of him being more proactive about finding a better job in his downtime. He was very difficult in the conversation. Vague, passive, says I was not listening but everything he said was about being stuck and the whole point was to discuss how to not be stuck.   I'm exhausted. I want a partner who won't just sit there when I ask for help problem solving. Am I in denial here and is this just something the ADHD will not allow him to do, or is it a reasonable desire but he has some mindset or shame issues or learned helplessness to overcome?   I feel like I keep running into issues that boil down to the ADHD and the way it makes him work, and many of the things I believe are possible with the right kind of effort may just not be possible for him.   I'm tired of being accused of gaslighting though. He seems very much unable to self reflect and see that if he is difficult in a 30 minute effort to have a productive, mature conversation then totally stops listening, but doesn't admit it until I've gone on for a while, that anyone would be angry. I just feel that he doesn't want to contribute as an adult in our relationship. But is it more accurate to say that he can't or doesn't know how?
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;Welcome!;;;First of all, welcome to this new subreddit!  I hope this place scratches an itch for some people who have been looking for something similar.  I know I've been searching all over the internet, scrambling bits and pieces of information together.  Roaming the [ADHD subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/ADHD/) for quite a while, there seemed a need for those living with an ADHD partner to have a place of their own.  Hopefully we can gather a community for the sometimes much needed support, and I bet that there are a few veterans that can teach us non-ADHD partners some insight.
d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;He apologized;;;This maybe aught to go in the weekly victories thread, but I also felt that this tale came with a valuable message.  My husband has this annoying learned behaviour of seeking to pacify someone when upset, even more so with me, I would guess because he can't handle seeing me hurt. I get it, but it's not the right way to go about things sometimes.  Well, yesterday marked thr 9th year of my dad passing, so I tried to keep busy and the usual. My husband asked me to talk about him; memories and things. I tried, but there's no much good stuff from my own past, and before I knew it, I was snot crying and in a mess. Instead of consoling me, he moved to pacify me.  I felt particularly vulnerable in that moment, as I hadn't ever said these things outloud, so it took it's toll on me. I got triggered, it didn't end well.   But it did end better than any other time something like this happened.  No shouting, no screaming. He did not push me once to talk to him. (previously would do anything to get me to react to him out of fear I suppose). He gave me my space, didn't react to my own sharp tongue, which means I also wasn't put in a position to say horrible things to make a point.   I woke up this morning feeling pretty low, and upon reflection, because he handled himself well, I was able to get my thoughts in order. I sent him a message outlining the main issue:  "I listen to you vent a lot, sometimes for hours, and when i was having a moment you sought to pacify me, after we literally had a conversation about how your mum does that to you. It's just not cool. i had never vocalized any of that to anyone in my life, not even anna, so i didn't know it would even upset me so bad. i didnt even know it was there. anyway, gonna try and work out to see if it helps me feel better because it's just not healthy for me to be feeling so low like this."  Even though he was at work, he called me back immediately.  He told me he understood completely what he had done, it wasn't his intention, he did not mean to hurt my feelings, and that I was right, and he will work harder on listening, and active listening. (there was more to it, but you get the idea)  There was no backpedaling, no anger, no trying to justify himself, no making it my problem; just pure acknowledgment of a mistake, and being quite remorseful for that mistake.  So guys and gals, if you know, you know. This just doesn't happen. Ever. There's always a fight about him not taking accountability for what he's done. The denial, the "No that's not it!". None of it was there this time.  The releif I felt in that moment was just.. I can't even tell you.  To see and understand that kind of progress from someone, I was just lost for words.  I wanted to share this with you all who might be struggling to work at your relationships, as there is a light at the end of the tunnel. There is hope.   Communication, respect, boundaries - all of these things help give a person enough foundation that they can manage them selves, grow, and learn.  Happy Friday everyone!
7196b411a0bcac65353b995666d291ebc0c7ec4425a4ff0d4f62641e7c9e16b4;;;How do you deal with the chores / mess / cleaning?;;;Hey! My partner is waiting for his appointment be diagnosed, not medicated yet, but 100% sure he has ADHD.   I have been trying to research some ways to deal with him and get him to help me more with the chores... I am so tired of doing everything, and even when he finally does something, he doesn't do it properly or stopping halfway, so anyways he is not much of a help and all the chores are on me.  I'm really hoping that medication and therapy will help him, but I know it's not like the medication will magically make ADHD disappear. Even though he really wants to change and be better at helping me, it doesn't happen and he just spends another day laying on the sofa, while I'm running around, do the groceries, cook, clean, WHILE I need to concentrate on my studies as well, and it sometimes feel like he just makes my life harder.. Leaves his clothes all over, the bathroom is fucking disgusting, the kitchen is a mess.. I just can't deal with it anymore. I'm not a maid to just run around and clean up his mess, but if I don't do it, I just end up living in a nasty apartment, which is even worse.   I'm just not sure how to talk to him about it, I tried several times, he always promises to do so everything and this time he is actually gonna make an effort etc.. NEVER happens.   I am really desperate.. Every once in a while I just feel like I can't do this anymore, and I love him a lot, but I can't imagine him as a future husband or father of my children. This is not the way I want to live my life.. :(      How can I motivate him or is there any strategy to try that could be helpful? I would really appreciate some help!!
85fb826120e8f2ac9286f2e0b1cd79118df4a6c9abb28f84bbb62960847a2ffd;;;I feel so hopeless and defeated;;;Apologies for this mess of a post. I just need to get this off my chest.  My (dx, medicated) husband and I are starting with a new couple's therapist. She came highly recommended by my therapist for her experience with ADHD as well as sexual education and trauma. We've an initial appointment, then each had an individual meeting with her, and last night had another joint meeting.  I felt so seen during our individual appointment. I have CPTSD and had experienced sexual trauma in my past and I felt as though she saw me and validated the issues we'd been having. My husband doesn't "get" a lot of my background and has blown past my boundaries many times to the point where we're living like roommates because I don't feel safe anymore and can't trust that he'll remain mindful of my boundaries. But I finally felt a bit of hope after my individual appointment because she just got it and with her background in sexual education I thought she'd be able to help my husband get it.  But then the session last night felt so pointless. My husband brought up a realization he had around double standards and that his needs aren't my needs and it's ok for me to do something that he's ok with but I can ask him to not do the same to me. Something we've talked about a half dozen times and isn't new at all. I just felt my heart sink because *that's* where we're starting? At the very beginning, the fundamentals of being in a relationship and realizing that you and your partner aren't the same person?  Then we moved on to discussing communication styles and what we're hoping to change with how we communicate. The therapist sent over some articles from Dr. Gottman, including "The Aftermath of a Fight." I read it in the bathroom before bed while sobbing because it (to me, anyway), assumes a normal fight or disagreement between NT partners. There's no framework in there for when you've made your needs and boundaries and expectations clear over and over again and your partner just doesn't get it.  I just feel hopeless. Both my individual therapist and our couple's therapist are out of the office for two weeks. All of my friends adore my husband so I have no one to talk to. The only thing I've got right now is a solo booking at an AirBNB nearby for a glorious 4 nights next week that we're calling a "retreat" even though it's a trial run to see how much I miss being by myself.
14743de1891a24508972fadcd97a1f5db0cf435b02a6e190123680ed2f99b45d;;;Making plans and establishing a routine;;;I (32F) have been with my boyfriend (35M) for about 1.5 years.  He is a separated father with his son 50% of the time. My boyfriend doesn't have an official diagnosis, but he does have all the symptoms and characteristics of ADHD.  His son has diagnosed ADHD.   I'm getting very frustrated by the lack of planning and routine that goes in our daily life.  Things like planning dinner, what to cook, who is cooking, are constant sources of stress for me because he doesn't plan for that.  Before I met him, a lot of his meals were fast food because he rarely planned for meals.  I think meals together at home is important and more more healthy and budget friendly.    Another issue is that even though I ask, he never plans a date.  Or he will book his massage on a Friday evening that he doesn't have his son that would have been perfect for a date.  I text him during the day to ask and he forgets.   We don't live together yet so we don't have a routine.  I also don't want to default to me having to do all the cooking and meal planning because he doesn't do it.  I have cooked before sometimes when he said he didn't have anything, only to find out he had already agreed to something else with his son, which results in frustration for everybody.   I guess this was a lot of rambling. I am a very routine based person and I hate all this uncertainty.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Away on a business trip;;;My boyfriend of nearly two years is away for the week on a business trip. I am trying to deal with anticipated feelings that are arising a few days into the week. I had planned on this happening but it doesn't make the feelings go away!   Basically he is busy living his life and because I am not in his physical space, he has half forgotten about me. We spoke for a bit (mainly the night he arrived) but it all felt very administrative since we had some logistical things to discuss.  Since I tagged along on a nearly identical trip he had back in March, I know that he is working very hard, long hours. Because of this, I have been respecting his space and trying not to disturb or distract him while he works. What has happened instead is that he is talking to his friends throughout the day but not me.   I know it's not really a big deal but I am just desperately wishing he could understand how people like reminders that they are on a loved ones mind. I'm sure if I reached out he would reply when he could but that's reactionary, not reaching out because he wanted to.   We ended up having a small argument over text because I had mentioned that his pet looked a bit ill and I was not sure what he wanted me to do. I didn't mean to overwhelm him but he got upset with me saying that he wanted to just be home and that he was stressing about too much even before I piled more on.   Unlike past relationships, this is also the first time I've been away from him for more than a couple days since we met so it's been a bit hard in that regard as well.
f95bab99f0bc7dca3eef411266483e22e76d13fc2b02a102c401b9ec855f7749;;;My story;;;First of all, english is not my first language and im typing on my phone. So sorry for any misspelling.  I have been together with my wife for 16 years. She was diagnosed with adhd as a child and again as an adult. She has struggles with anxiety and depression aswell.   To be honest i dont know what to write here, i just feel so exhausted, frustrated and depressed.  We just had another fight, or she had a fight and i again had to find the strenght to not fight back. My expirience is thats its better to just accept the verbal beating without argument. That way she calms down more quickly.   I do what i can to keep her happy. I do most of the chores around the house and i spend time with our two kids. I rubb her feet and massage her several times per week. I really love my wife, but hate what she somethimes turn into.   For me the worst part is, that i feel alone in the marriage. I miss attention and sex. She is just not interested. I feel lost and alone in the marriage.   Recently she started medication, and i was hopefull. It made her breakdowns less often. But seems like she moved even further away from me.  Often when she has a breakdown she threatens to end the marriage and it used to hurt me, but now im almost in a place where i dont care. Exept for our children.   I guess what hurts the most is her lack of intrest in me and our marriage. And i cant really be angry either because she has adhd.   Sorry for all this rambling.
37578b4ba5a5dbbc68b35461c7143e397eafc972ec3a83a881a64bf07b67b567;;;A fucked up thread;;;&amp;#x200B;  Scroll to the bottom for the real thesis/question - Im and aquarius and have a lot to talk about re about 1 - 0 of my relationships.  Posting here for the first time - not sure if I've found the right venue (please shut me down if so).   I met my partner almost two years ago. I know part of the reason I fell so hard, so fast, was because I grew up in an environment where a solid minority/if not undiagnosed majority had adhd. I've always been the stabilizer and peacekeeper in my family, and this relationship fed me right back into that role.   Now, however, I am in one of the toughest spots that I have ever been in. Perhaps in balance to the adhd in my life, I've always been ulta-focused and ultra-controlling (I've struggled with OCD since a young age and was almost expelled from college because of an anorexia-leaning eating disorder born of it).   I had mostly gotten my own mental preoccupations under control when the pandemic hit. Since then, I've taken on another job and a half to make sure that my now husband and I (another time, another story), are ok. He can't work, so it falls on me to make sure we're staying above water and paying off both the undergrad and grad loans we both have (he's an immigrant, and can't work until his visa status is changed, which won't happen until USCIS is adequately funded and not, like, scared shitless again).   Obviously, not having a job has increased the prevalence of his already presence anxiety and depression,. But, when I've been blessed enough to come across offers for supplemental work during this time, I don't know how to talk about my stress levels. My already unfortunate drinking habit has escalated over the last few months, and I'm scared of the dangerous search results I find when sober again. I don't know how to bring this up to my spouse without seeming like a privileged fuck.   (for extra confusion, my husband's friend raped me about a year ago on the pretense that my husband had stolen me from him (the rapist), and that he (the rapist) deserved to have his chance with me).   In the end, I think the question is -- how can I effectively express myself , find support while also offering it to my partner? Alternative: how do I become a more supportive person to both my partner and myself without eliminating myself (a thought I've apparently had a few times according to my browser).
0cd55289e5c0ccc89d00a6255d48df68b2daacc9cef8ba1c9b41d86d6a8ca465;;;Actions have consequences, but the lack of action does, too.;;;We've been talking about moving in together since January. I've posted on here before explaining it all, but the tl;dr is that he's put next to no effort towards moving out and getting settled with me. We both quit our jobs in April so that set us back, but I was back to work and applications very quickly because I wanted to move out with him rather than renewing my own lease. He kept saying he'd apply and get a job, and has just now started to get serious about it.   I told him a month or two ago that I felt like if he really cared about me and my feelings, he'd see the stress it has put on me to not know where I'd be living next year and want to do his part to fix it. He said he needed a deadline so he could have a definitive date that it had to be done. Well, my lease runs out August first and I don't qualify for an apartment on my own because of my income, so my only option would be to move back to my parents and have to change jobs yet again and be an hour away from school.  It is already too late to renew my lease, as I trusted him when he said we'd figure it out before the renew date passed.   I said fine, deadline is June 30th. I also said that doesn't mean I want him to put it off and wait until the last minute because it takes longer than a week to get everything settled and figured out. I would know since I've moved out on my own and also have been the one investigating apartments and contacting people.   Here we are, a week out, and he's JUST started to get serious about it. I've already said to just forget it and I'd move back to my parents because I can't rely on him anymore since he's waited until the last minute and I am now screwed. I have an interview for a job close-ish to my parents on Monday, and I know I have to keep my word and stick to the deadline no matter how much he tries to tell me to just wait and he'll figure it out. It's just too late.   I hate having to "mother" and "put my foot down." This is an adult relationship, why is my frustration and anxiety for the last FIVE MONTHS not enough for my partner to kick into gear? His excuse is, "I always wait until the last minute on everything. We can live in a hotel for now then figure it out."  I brought up the hotel idea 3 months ago as an absolute last resort, and I guess he heard "I have plenty of time, there's a solution. No worries."  No. Just no.   Tl;dr I'm hurting. I'm frustrated. I'll be an hour from school and 40 minutes from anywhere I work (my parents are in an extremely small town) because he waited until the last minute and I got screwed in living situations. He lives at his parents so has no concept of urgency when it comes to applying and finding a place to live and everything that goes into it. I've done what feels like all the work, set the deadline he asked for, and still got hurt.
49ba9956eac95444639dc8000d3f63a65bab70e83dbafc78e81c6244882eae68;;;Hope in a perpetual rough spot?;;;&amp;#x200B;  Please don't share my story on other online platforms.  I (F26, non-ADHD) have been in a relationship with my partner (F25, unconfirmed ADHD/NDX) for the past 5 years. We met during my year abroad, and I quickly arranged to move to her country permanently a year later. An unfortunate consequence of this is having a lack of nearby support, aside from my in-laws (with whom I get along fabulously).   About 2 years ago, I began my own therapy, because I realized I was unconsciously bringing a lot of past hurt and baggage into our relationship, and while my therapy is not finished, I feel like I am in a whole new place, and have a much clearer view and better control about myself and what I want for myself.   The last 3 years of our relationship feel like it’s been nothing but conflict. The “better” I get, the worse our conflicts become. My partner is finally in therapy and beginning to address her problems, and her therapist believes she has ADHD, and has suggested getting tested (no date in view, due to the current global situation).   I know that therapy takes time, but the past few years of encouraging and waiting for my partner to get to this point has taken all my patience. At this point, I recognize that I am hurting too much, and for my own mental health and wellbeing, I can’t keep going in this relationship as it is.  I feel like a parent, all the time. I have to be the responsible one, otherwise something will inevitably be forgotten or neglected. I’ve tried leaving things alone so that my partner can get to it, but it’s impossible when the consequences hurt us both (bills, taking care of the dog, etc). My boundaries and personal limits are constantly disrespected, I am belittled, mocked, and told every which way how I’m the bad guy, how it’s my fault, etc. I cry almost every day. I try so hard every day, and I just don’t feel it in return. Slowly, she’s been able to be calmer during arguments and discussions, but it remains unpredictable how she’ll react. For example, if I’m cooking for the both of us, a reasonable expectation would be to be able ask her to set the table without any fuss. If I ask, I risk: getting insulted, negative reactions (exaggerated sighing, making passive aggressive comments) and dragging her feet. In scarier scenarios, if I show negative emotions or say something she doesn't like, there have been a handful of instances where she has brake-checked while driving in order to passive aggressively convey her feelings, and refuses to pull over when I ask her to (FYI, this is an example from almost a year ago, I do not feel that I am in danger). If I talk to her about it after the fact, she acknowledges that what she did was completely inappropriate and wrong, but this never proves to be enough to prevent it from reoccurring. If she gets overly upset in an argument, she goes too far and will say the most deeply cutting things to me. In discussion, she says she loses control of herself and says things that she knows go too far, or even things that are untrue or unfounded, but ultimately can't help it. If I try to address the serious issues in our relationship, even emphasizing that there's no blame or finger pointing, often her immediate response to the stress and upset is "just leave"/"just break up with me." If she says something insulting and I'm--shocker--insulted, she backpedals by insisting "it's just a joke" "don't you know what a joke is" "can't you take a joke?" She also can't resist not having the last word, and will say whatever she can to achieve it.  For what it's worth, my partner accepts that she in all likelihood has ADHD, is committed to therapy, but hesitant about medication. For the time being, we’ve been reading 30min a night “The Couple’s Guide to Thriving with ADHD” but it can be slow going and even frustrating because it’s not in her native language, which I understand completely. We also have "Driven to Distraction" (recommended by my therapist), but she hasn't read it yet (not a big reader, unfortunately). One of the truly worst things is how behind our country is in ADHD information and resources. **If anyone knows of any solid ADHD books in French, or audiobooks/podcasts, ANYTHING, I would be forever grateful.**   I don't believe that I'm a perfect partner, and I certainly have my own faults. I know that my temper is short with her, because I feel like I'm starting to lose my sanity in this relationship. But I don't feel like I should have to watch every word that comes out of my mouth or bury my negative emotions in fear of what her reaction will be. It breaks my heart to be questioning our relationship, because we do have good moments...just not enough. We're building a life together, we have the same goals and values, but we have a "big problem with communication," as our therapist says. It's also scary, because in a "worst case scenario" situation, I'd be unable to remain in this country, and would have to return to my home country, which is not my preference.  If anyone has been where I am, I would be relieved to know that I’m not alone, and that we can get through this If anyone has any criticisms or judgements, please refrain from sharing them.
43404f706b89bbd0ce604c19d7bdc20b4c878e382ac71a8a4b7e3eb1644803a5;;;Handling newly DX husband's low frustration tolerance;;;My (25F NDX) husband (26M - new DX) have been married for almost 3 years. We have a pretty good relationship, except when he gets frustrated.   He was given an official ADHD diagnosis a few weeks ago, after having symptoms since childhood and throughout our relationship. I just finished a master's degree in psych/mental health nursing, so I've learned about the DSM-5 criteria, diagnosis, and treatment. He was on medication when he was younger, but he said it didn't seem effective (it was mainly methylphenidate preparations). Comorbid diagnoses include anxiety, depression, and high-functioning ASD. Therapy on hiatus d/t COVID-19 and takes duloxetine (Cymbalta) daily.   He has always seemed to have a low frustration tolerance, but I've noticed it more in the past year. When he gets frustrated, he will cry, raise his voice, and/or say mean things at himself or me. Again, I understand that he is frustrated about something, even if I think it's something small and insignificant (i.e., he drops a fork on the ground when we're washing dishes and he says 'kill me'). When he gets like this, I tend to not react externally and wait until he cools down before talking to him. But it's really hard when he says things that hurt me, like "Are you stupid?" or hitting one of my personal flaws. In most cases, he forgets about what happened and doesn't apologize unless I bring it up with him.   I feel that I have to walk on eggshells around him because I don't seem to know if he's frustrated at whatever anxious thoughts are going through his head, something I say or do, something that happened 10 years ago, sensory overload, or all of the above. It's getting really hard for me to keep my cool around him when he starts to take it out on me and he feels he can "never change" because of "how his brain works".  As his wife, I love and support him and want him to work harder to be better, especially since we have this conversation over and over and he doesn't like that he says mean things to me. What can I do to handle the low frustration tolerance without sacrificing my feelings?
c07cdda5db42a241982ba651056aaafb86c016a22adfc42c77426c4ab93d69f5;;;Being in a relationship with an ADHD partner;;;Hi, I’m an Italian girl, so sorry for my bad English.  I’ve a relationship with a boy that suffer of ADHD. He’s been diagnosed by his father, a psychiatrist, when he was little. Now he is in his late 20s and ten years has passed from the last time he medicated. He has a phobia of medication and he won’t talk with his father anymore about it and he become mad when it happens.  My relationship is very complicated. There are times when I can’t ask anything to him, like help me with chores. We often fight about small things and he reacts like a baby.  To fight with him is very exhausting, he has outbursts of anger and usually scares me, and so I’m afraid of speaking about problem, because I don’t know how he could react.  For this mood swings he blames me of not letting him to concentrate with his studies, not leave him alone enough time.  Even if he waste so much time playing videogames, going out for a beer or a joint.  During fight it often ends with me or him ending the relationship, but soon after we come back togheter. I would like to convince him to start to medicate and let him feel and understand what I’m felling. Do you guys can help me in some way to get out and help me and him to get out of this loop? Thanks for everything
ac121469065a891254901a1ba4ca9f76a8044a170992aac7e9cd8a40c1670dca;;;In denial about diagnosis?;;;Husband (38) was diagnosed aged 15, medicated then, but not now.  &amp;#x200B;  I knew about the diagnosis, but he never seemed to place much importance on it, or refer to it much at all, in fact. I noticed that the fights we were having were the same thing over and over again (zoning out; forgetfulness; hyperfocus; impulsivity, etc), but only just last week thought to do a bit more research about ADHD and how it affects relationships. (Worth noting at this point that oftentimes when I got upset about his behaviour the takeaway was that it was me being unreasonable, and that I was the one that needed to change). Anyway, what a lightbulb moment! I went into a bit of a rabbit hole reading Additude magazine, as well as Melissa Orlov (ok, but not my fave) and Gina Pera (revelation; the second section made me cry several times out of recognition).  &amp;#x200B;   I approached him (kindly, respectfully - definitely didn't want it to be a blame game thing, it was more of a 'if this is perhaps part of the cause of our issues, then we can figure out what to do to address it, which is great!' kind of thing). He didn't react badly, but he wasn't particularly interested, and basically said that he was pretty dubious about the whole thing, and that he would definitely never take medication.  &amp;#x200B;  My question(s) is this: does anyone have any experience of their partner basically burying their head in the sand and is there anything I can do? I so want to be supportive, and help him, and am also completely aware of and admit to my inability to moderate my reactions to these behaviours (over which he has no control), but I'm also concerned that there's only so much convincing I can do, and that having my attempts at bridging the gap being continually knocked back is going to take its toll eventually. I'm starting to think that if this is how he wants to live his life then that's fine, but I wouldn't be able to be a part of it. it's just too painful on an almost daily basis.  &amp;#x200B;  All advice greatly appreciated; I've been lurking for a while and everything I've read has been so helpful.
264a11f51947f70ec63780262b72f58a11759f4ef66949c12eca4646471deac3;;;Described ADHD to an NT partner;;;Have any of the NT (Neurotypical) partners ever asked their DX/NDX (diagnosed/undiagnosed) partners to describe what they DX/NDX thinks their ADHD looks/appears like to you?    Alternatively, have any of you DX/NDX ever described it to someone NT?  I’d love to hear any responses in the comments below! 🙂  [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jkrj3e)
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Defeat;;;I felt a small, weary ounce of defeat yesterday.  After an entire marriage of having my plans cast aside for his ADHD projects, I give up.  We were supposed to go on this adventure yesterday. After spending most of the day in bed, on the way out of the door, he starts 3 NEW PROJECTS. I get in the car, and he's like "well, we cant do that now because I have SOOO much work to do."  and I was like " [we.are.going.NOW](https://we.are.going.NOW). Get in the car. NOW. We do not have TIME for you to do this. You realize that will take hours? We do not have hours. "   I bit back my tongue about how he could have started HOURS earlier, gotten out of bed and been productive.   He was pissy the rest of the night, saying I was hindering him from doing what he wanted.   I felt so utterly defeated, I actually laughed. I laugh cried. Because this is my life.
97aae136c49da37c06344e8dddff7d67e38ba97eeb8e6295c365f87a22ef2302;;;I love my partner with ADHD!!;;;My(22F) girlfriend(23F) was diagnosed with ADHD about a year and a half ago after a lifetime struggling with symptoms that had no explanation and no solution. Through our relationship, we knew something was wrong, but we didn't know what. We are both mentally ill and dealt with it the best we could, but now that we know the nature of what we're dealing with, it's become so much easier! Her mental health has improved a lot and I can tell she's happier. I've done a lot of reading and lurked some  ADHD blogs and forums, trying to figure out how to be the best girlfriend I could be, and this sub was one of the first I found.  I hate it.  The posts here fall into three categories, it seems. People who are blaming genuine, actual abuse and/or misogyny on ADHD, people who want to talk shit about their SO's and say they're faking to excuse "bad behavior" (aka symptoms that inconvenience them), and partners who need advice and genuinely want to see their SO succeed. The last category is so goddamn rare. Some of the people here are so unbelievably nasty and cruel, whether because of ignorance or hate or just being fed up. Some of it makes me angry, some of it makes me sad, and some of it is just confusing. If you genuinely think your SO is lying to you about their ADHD just to avoid accountability, why are you with them? If they're using their ADHD to excuse abuse, then why is their ADHD the problem and not the fact that they're abusive?   Now I'm well aware my post will likely be taken down soon, due to violating rule 3 and because my account is new. I made it recently after being a longtime lurker so I could post on craft forums. But I heard about the therapist that was shouted down today and wanted to say something, especially after seeing my girlfriend's reaction to this sub. She used to read it when she was newly diagnosed (hadn't found a supportive community yet) and would come to me apologizing for shit I don't even care about. This sub gave her brand new insecurities about stuff that has never bothered me and never will. She thought her ADHD was making her abusive and unkind when in reality she's dealing with what we refer to as a 'part time amnesia'. That shit weighed heavy on my heart and was what inspired me to really throw myself into learning all I can; I don't want to be one more person who looks down on her and gaslights her about her own disorder.  Flaring this post was interesting. There's no flair for positivity or anything. And the "success" threads are often about how the ADHD-partner did something that benefits the non-ADHD partner, rather than how their mental health has improved. The atmosphere is negative, judgmental, and crushing. I really feel for some of the partners with ADHD who have been posted about here.  However, I would like to say that I have seen some very loving, supportive, &amp; kind partners here. I know there are people here that do give a shit and really care, people that are very different from the ones described above. To those people, keep on being great. Living with an ADHD partner can be very different and challenging if you've never experienced it before, and I'm well aware there's a learning curve. It's how we deal with that learning curve that matters. I would like to encourage you to join subs \*for\* ADHD people! Learning by example has been very helpful for me rather than looking at post after post of non-ADHD people being confused by ADHD behaviors. Smaller subs are best, and if your partner is a woman, please look into ones specifically for women! ADHD is under-diagnosed in women, similar to autism, and women are more likely to be inattentive type and have different needs than men with ADHD. Women are also often treated poorly by the medical industry, and supportive partners are very important in this area.  Anyway. Y'all have a good one now lol, I'm sure the comments section will be fun. Howdy to the m\*ds, and I will not be checking in on this post.
ed34326047eefc5d70eaa8633e7caeb660a2ae60e88dbd031c06494843a4b942;;;Should I stay or should I go NFL?;;;I’ll try to make this short.  Could use advice from ALL sides and sexes.   Husband and I of 21 years have been unraveling for quite sometime.  We are both independent and I take a lot of blame for my situation.  You see I’m a people pleaser caregiver- don’t want to rock the boat type of gal.  I’ve never been the type of wife that says no you can’t do this or that.  It’s been known between us that I’ve had some depression since day 2.   In fact, I was unmedicated until our 2 child (first two are 21 mos apart) and the lack of sleep was aggravating it.  My husband makes a great salary to afford a very comfortable lifestyle.  I worked part-time at a lesser job to have something to do out of the house, to add good benefits and bring in a little fun $.  My husbands job is in basically “sales”.  And he’s never been a 9-5’ver.  He could be home in town all day, not come home til 8 pm or 11pm or be overnight somewhere.   I just took care of EVERYTHING because I am who I am and that was the job that gave us our life.   Everything means supplies for all family members and everything you need to run a household of 5 people &amp; 3 pets!  Appts, paying the bills you name it! My job turned into full-time 5 years ago and now we have 3 teens 13 to 17 that are involved all year round in a minimum of 3 activities/sports/clubs etc.   I’ve hit my tipping point.  Started therapy 13 mos ago, and am now on medication for depression, adhd, anxiety &amp; panic attacks!   I’m on my 5th week of short- term disability!!!    I’m a very emotional person and my husband is now a bulldozer that believes in “working it” til it’s done.  Which doesn’t bode well for our conversations.  In fact, I try to avoid because of how it usually makes me end up feeling.    Tomorrow we’ll be in the gym all day attending a child’s sports tournament.    He has asked me if I want to attend an NFL game this Sunday.  I don’t understand or really care about football but it’s in another city and we’d fly on a personal plane with friends of ours and meet others there.  The only reason I’m intrigued is because this stadium is supposed to be pretty cool.   But I’m worried that I’ll end up feeling offended by something he’s said or will do and it’ll be a bad day.   Wondering if  we’re expecting too much?   We’ll be with at least a group of 8 but I’d have to be careful to not tear up over anything said - or it might “reflect on his pride” (is how I feel).    But if I tell him I don’t want to go - that’s not going to look good either.   And I’m guessing with all my meds I better not drink 😏.  Not that I usually do.
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;Am I being an emotional bomb and ruining things2 or am I just pushed to the edge?;;;Genuinely getting confused here. I would hate to be the one making things worse and if I am I want to change. My partner (34M, DX in childhood but never treated) and I (24F, GAD such a fuuuun combo) have been in just such a cycle of fights and making up and fights and feeling ignored (me) and dumped upon emotionally (him). I want it to stop. I feel awful that when he thinks of me he thinks of tears and fighting and complaints. What he's said to me is that I make everything a fight and am always upset, and that it's emotionally overwhelming for him. He says there are plenty of things I do that upset him that he doesn't bring up, so I should be able to do the same thing for the sake of the relationship. I don't feel like this is a healthy perspective and encourage him to come to me with feedback and worries so we can solve them. That's beside the point, however.   From my perspective, I start out most interactions with a reserve of patience and joy that slowly gets drained away by interruptions, distractions, endless waiting time, and often just flat out being ignored. By the end of the interaction, I am mad/frustrated/sad/feeling abandoned and lash out with tears or frustrated words.   An example: we'll be in the bedroom about to get it on. He'll tickle or tease me in a flirty way, but for like, 20 minutes, or pull out his phone. I'll essentially be like hurry up and get over here and then he'll say he needs to brush his teeth or go shower first. Fine by me, I want everyone feeling fresh and sexy. But THEN. He'll sit on his phone in the bathroom. He'll wander away. He'll get. A. Snack. Meanwhile, it's late, I'm waiting, and the evening is slipping away.    It leaves me feeling undesirable and not interesting enough for him, which is obviously hurtful. I look upset, my voice wobbles or I'm sounding annoyed and snappy, and then it escalates from there. We have a fight about how I always turn it into a fight and I'm smothering him, sometimes he tries to make light of it at this point and I miss it because I'm already upset, which makes him feel attacked. I go to sleep alone while he stays on the couch, and I spend the next few days anxiously going over everything I did wrong and trying to fix it. It's exhausting. I just want to feel loved and desired and yet every time I feel like I just push him further away. But I can't just wait endlessly through his distractions - I have to get up in the morning, life goes on, the moment passes.    The last thing I want to do is hurt him. I need an outside perspective because I just keep going in circles and questioning myself. I've had some people say that he's manipulating me but I really think it's the ADD and it's not intentional.
b9db39f41b319a0c2effd4f79b974589fe98b5c9f3d86e4c7c0f91b675767a6e;;;Creating reasonable expectations and maintaining boundaries;;;Hello everyone, today I wanted to addresses a subject not often discussed on our sub which is: boundaries. We all know that ADHD is an explanation, not an excuse. But many of us struggle to find the line between accommodating legitimate deficits and simply accepting disrespectful behavior.  A few examples of behavior that should never be tolerated might be:  * Violent outbursts * Name calling * Spending time on interests **instead** of time with partner (there has to be balance and compromise, hyperfocus is not an excuse for neglect) * Refusal to consider partner's needs and feelings once they have been clearly addressed * Deflection, projection, gaslighting, lying, triangulation etc * Refusal to implement available self-management tools i.e. timers, clocks, calendars, apps * Refusal of any treatment option ie medication, therapy, coaching, couples counselling and so on  Examples of areas where you could expect to make reasonable accommodations:  * Time management * Forgetfulness * Emotional lability  (note: not an excuse for emotional abuse) * Inattentiveness * Impulsivity   Here is where you decide what you will and will not accept &amp; what your needs in a relationship are  &amp;#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/u3dkfoz6ej151.png?width=1057&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=6fb189054ba59bff1956e590ccca3a0989d69dca  &amp;#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/l3votc3bej151.png?width=1029&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=cfb4af4ea513231c919e37bf3b80ff4aae04b17a  These excerpts are taken from [CHADD](https://chadd.org/attention-article/dont-give-up-dont-give-in-survival-skills-for-the-non-adhd-partner/) but there are plenty of other resources available on this subject. I think it would be useful for many non-ADHD partners to ask themselves "Would I tolerate this behavior from a neurotypical partner?". And "Why am I willing to tolerate the behavior simply because my partner has ADHD?" Many of us would face similar issues in any other relationship because we have not learned how to advocate for our own needs appropriately. Expectations for being treated with consideration, compassion and respect should not vary so greatly across NT or DX relationships.  If anyone finds this information helpful I may make a follow-up post highlighting what different boundaries can look like as well as learning how your own reactions/responses can be used as a powerful tool for creating the environment you want to have.
55927ce81487e44549f285ed7e935ea0af896dbeca309d3430030745f593f334;;;I'm afraid of what our future will bring;;;My partner has medicated depression, anxiety, and diagnosed/medicated ADHD and it's just... so much.  He doesn't have a lot of friends nearby so when he is having a bad day, I  am the only one he can turn to. It's so difficult being the only one  maintaining the house, keeping our schedule, planning for stuff, thinking several steps ahead, and taking care of our bills. It's lonely and sometimes I  feel really sad and depressed about it but while I have a therapist, I  don't have a lot of space at home to feel it. He takes the sadness and  occasional anger personally, and I can't talk to him about it all easily because it somehow then becomes about him. We're not in a great place but we have some stressful life things coming in the next year or two, and I honestly sometimes don't know how we'll make it through in tact. But he has no idea I feel that way. I just needed to get it out... but I want things to get better, I just don't know how to make it happen.
0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;Post Dx and meds;;;I was at my BFFS house over the weekend since my husband and I are living in a weird separated marriage limbo land and when I was talking to her I realized something but it also made me feel like a terrible person. But maybe you felt the same?  Did your partners ADHD behavior get WORSE with a diagnosis?  Ever since he got diagnosed(2+ years ago) I notice more and more how much he uses it as an excuse to get out of things/trouble. Or at least it comes off that way to me... he’s on medications, he says he’s seeing a therapist but nothing is changing? When we have talked in the past about making the marriage work he said to me “just know I’m gonna have adhd forever and it’s not something that will go away” and I just feel confused by that statement?   Also Jesus Christ if anyone has experienced some sort of separation during Covid please let me know what you did. I’m so confused as to what to do now.
7f40b23dd7c812661d2c5590e72b1ed0152df9ac22dd2f24471ba86c1e015867;;;It hurts;;;First time poster here. I’ve been lurking on this subreddit since my partner’s therapist suspect that my partner has adhd (no official diagnosis yet, they are still doing tests, but his symptoms tick almost all boxes so far.) I’m sorry for venting and sorry if my English is bad. I don’t know who else I could talk to about this.     I’ve been with my partner for 5 years, recently it came to light that he could have ADHD. Things started to make sense why he is the way he is now, from small things like forgetting to put dirty clothes into the laundry basket to his tactlessness in our relationship. I know he doesn’t mean the things he say or do, I know he can’t comprehend why or how certain behavior of his impacts others. But somehow knowing that didn’t take away the pain and the frustration that build up all these years.     It has been an incredibly stressful month for me. My partner’s mood swings got worst since he began his therapy. He makes cruel remarks when he’s in a terrible mood and gets defensive when I told him that it hurts me. Maybe I wasn’t communicating to him correctly and maybe he felt criticized. I am to blame in this as well. No matter what the trigger is, I would take the brunt of his frustrations. He believes that it is my fault and that I made him feel bad.      I was having suicidal thoughts since a month ago. The dynamics in our relationship isn’t the main cause, but it attributed to my depression. I was struggling with my studies, our small business and my parents, all while needing to take care of household and deal with his mood swings. It felt like I had to parent a child who’s extremely temperamental. Either he is constantly distracted when we talk or hyper focused onto his screen. He could carry out plans with his friends, but not the plans with me. I’ve tried initiating dates but it never worked out because of him. It’s like he has a facade with his friends but with me he allows his symptoms to run free. I felt jealous and that I constantly had to battle for his attention. He was not like this when we got together, the change was gradual over the course of 5 years and i slowly felt like i don’t know him. Still, we have good times as well.   It’s like playing roulette, he can appear to be cold, harsh and uncaring towards me, but once in a while I get a attentive and supportive teammate. I believe the latter is the real him and I try my best to see his symptoms separate from his person. Yet somehow I am still feeling very much the aftermath of his tantrums.     I was neglected as a child, and I’m terrified that I’m putting myself in the same situation again. I feel unloved, unwanted and incredibly lonely while being in a relationship with him. My depression got worst and I’m having severe suicidal thoughts right now. I managed to contact my therapist who is currently on vacation and she managed to give me a slot on Monday. I don’t know if I could pull through this weekend alone. I told my partner about it and that I really, really need him right now.  &amp;#x200B;  My MIL’s boyfriend (A) is having party today where all of his childhood friends would be there. They all live in a different state, about 4 hours from here by train. We were at my MIL and A’s place two weeks ago for A’s birthday and spent time with his family and friends.     My partner insisted on traveling alone despite my condition. He told me this trip is very important to him and is a major part of his therapy:   \- He always felt bad because A has done so much for us and his mother, but we never really know him or his friends.   \- talking to his mother face to face about his current condition. They both have a tensed relationship as he believes she caused him to be the way he is now   \-buying a pair of dress shoes for our friends’ wedding in September    \- meeting up with his best friend   \- visiting his niece who is still a toddler, he wants to be there for her as much as he can     He told me going on this trip is finally his chance of getting better. I’m not to sure how to explain this here because I can’t understand his reasonings myself. To put it short, he is very behind his studies because of his illness, the university is threatening to kick him out of the program. Before I met him, he was in the hospital for suicidal thoughts and was misdiagnosed as something else. He finally got a therapy spot last year after spending years on the waiting list. To him, this trip will help him and that he will finally be able to finish his studies. (I’m sorry if this is confusing, I still don’t quite understand what he means, but it seems that his success of his studies and his future is depended on this specific trip)     Last night I asked if he could go a couple days later, just after I get help from my therapist on Monday about my suicidal intentions. He said no. I asked if he could shorten the stay (instead of spending for 4 nights there), he said no to that too. I wasn’t able to talk with him afterwards because my stupid ass decided to have a mental breakdown.      The trip is today, and he would go directly after his lunch break from work. He says he doesn’t want to discuss with me about the trip again because he is going to be late for work. We had a huge fight because of that just now. He yelled at me and ask me to leave him alone, that he is not a nurse or a therapy dog, that I’m an adult and that I should take care of myself. He told me he sees himself as important as me, that’s why he’s doing this trip no matter what. He says he resents me, and that I’m blackmailing him to stay.      It wasn’t my intention at all, all I wanted right now was to not be alone. I apologized to him repeatedly and that I’m terribly sorry for inconveniencing him. He’s my only family in this foreign country. I’m terrified and I feel alone. I told him that I don’t see him as my therapist, I don’t need him to solve my problems, I just need him to be there. He then told me my breakdowns are too much for him, that I’m selfish and that he cannot deal with that.   I’ve always put him first and am always there for him whenever he needs me no matter what. I wished he could at least be there for me, not just when it’s convenient for him.     He doesn’t understand how important he is to me. It just hurts so much that after 5 years of being together, he doesn’t love me as much as I love him. I always felt like a second choice to my family, and now to the man I thought I would spend the rest of my life with. The first time I had suicidal thoughts, I confided my parents about that. My parents got very angry at me instead and yelled how could I hurt them like that.     Maybe I am not a good person, since I’m the common denominator in all situations. Both my family and my partner says I’m hypersensitive and overly emotional. Maybe I am too much for them. Maybe I’m a burden and I’m causing people inconvenience. I thought I got better after all the hospital stays and intensive therapy, maybe I was just lying to myself. I’m feel so lost and alone, I think everyone would be better off without me.      If you made it this far, thank you for reading. I’m sorry for the word salad, I am am unable to think straight now. I hope I wasn’t wasting your time, and if I am, I’m truly sorry.
debe8c8ba9d3ee63cb2b2a0e5c8df308ca700d1a63d3577c8fe07fcd480697a3;;;In need of books for understanding newly diagnosed wife/daughter;;;My wife (35F) and I (43M) have been having marital issues over the last several years and it has finally been coming to a head. I'm reading some books to work on my end of the issues with the marriage in general and we are going to seek counseling but she was recently diagnosed with ADHD. So I'm looking for a good book to help me understand any additional challenges we are/will face because of the ADHD. Also while researching my wife we also believe my 10 y/o daughter probably most likely has it. So my I'm looking for any good books to help me understand and over come the parenting issues we are having. Does anyone have any good general books to start with and something in particular for marital success and parenting.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Need to Vent;;;I am most likely unnecessarily worked up about this tight now so I'm going to vent to the internet instead of cause problems at home.  My ADD boyfriend came down with a bad cold. While still living my life I checked in on him from time to time, was especially sweet even if he was being moody, made him tea and brought him food in bed, etc.   I started to come down with the same cold but a milder version. I still did things for him despite myself starting to fall ill.   He is now more or less fine meanwhile I have gotten much worse. The day I felt tue worst I got called into work early. I am a part time worker in the off season so taking off isn't an option and I need any additional hours I can get so I showed up despite being super unwell.  I come home from work and my BF I'd already asleep because he sleeps the most sporadic hours all the time. I got to bed as soon as I get home and he ends up waking up about an hour later and spending the night doing whatever.   I wake up at 6AM in a pool of freezing cold sweat and am just sleepy sick grumpy about it so I mention how we need to change the sheets soon and go to the bathroom. I also wake up to a text from my BF to me and our roommate asking who ate some of his cereal (no one did and he admitted he wasn't sure in the first place).   I grab a drink and sit down next to my BF who's watching something on TV. I say one three or four word sentence (I forget what but it was neutral &amp; most likely something like "Burr I'm so cold" because of being sock).   He looks at me and says "no one touch my cereal", turns the TV off &amp; throws the remote on the couch yelling about something about how he is fucking watching TV"  I just looked at him and said "what is this supposed to be your alone time?" Because that is fine with me but some kindness and empathy would go a LONG way here. He just mumbles something incoherent in response looking pissy and skulking.   I glare at him because he keeps telling me I need to work on my "crazy" and not be so emotionally reactive to stimuli. I say something along the lines of "all fucking right then", pick up my drink and go back to our cold wet bed.   A few hours later I am in and out of sleep and hear him getting ready for work. He doesn't say good bye of kiss my head or anything when that's something we pretty much both do most days.   Mind you when I had sat with him at the TV I hadn't actually seen him in 24 hours aside from sleep. I had left for an event by the time he came home. When I come home he is lying in bed. Says hi. I say hi and go downstairs. He asks where the sheets are, I tell him, he changes the sheets and goes to bed.  Now it will be upwards of 50 something hours of next to no communication with someone I live with and share a bed with. The inly talk we have had in the time was him being absurdly mean to me after I went out of my way for days to care for him.  I'm still sick and he's just shrugging it off like it's not his problem so who cares.   This is on top of him saying we will do something some other time because we were both sick on Valentines day. At this point I know "some day" means never OR I bring it up so often he treats it like a chore.   I also requested he pick up on dish duty as I had kept up with it for days in a row. He said alright but didn't touch it it for days, dishes built up a lot, he did half of them today because I kept bringing it up (couldn't cook without cleaning dishes at this point) but seems to think that the rest is for me to deal with even though I clearly told him I would start up once EVERYTHING was cleaned and away.    I'm mot even putting a TLDR because I really am just hear to get this out. I feel like I'm working overtime to make sure I am cutting out my bad behaviors while he just gets to keep doing the same insensitive things to me.
df6976b9f91f8ffb76198ed88a4ff73c282d8287645a2020098d88402ceb5f0b;;;How can I get my ADHD partner back into the habit of showing interest in my day-to-day life?;;;My partner is NDX. I have asked him to revisit things he used to do, such as showing interest in how my day went or how I'm feeling. I constantly do this for him, but he has a hard time remembering to do it for me. It only took a couple months for him to stop asking me to expand on my experiences, interests, or dreams. And man, we used to talk for HOURS about just about anything. If I didn't tell him about my goals for the future or what I'm excited/nervous about, I am confident he wouldn't ever ask again unless it was obvious to him that something is wrong. I'm afraid to even test this theory because thats not going to solve anything, anyway. I want to be invited to talk about my day, because otherwise, he may show signs of disinterest or tiredness, especially after coming back from work. I've experienced a lot of rejection in this relationship to things he used to love doing, so this almost constant disconnectedness is too much to bear. Even if he has had hours to do his own thing, he's usually content enough with just watching a show with me and then falling asleep. I've scheduled 2 days out of the week called "intimacy time" where we just lay down together with no distractions, but very little verbal or physical intimacy happens other than cuddling. I'm tired of being the one that has to initiate the conversations about how I'm doing and how life is treating me. I still do it anyway because I'm not one to give up on anything. And I want to share my life with him. I don't play mind-games in relationships. As soon as we went steady, he got very comfortable with doing the bear minimum. He swears up and down that his love for me hasn't gone anywhere (and I believe him 100%). He just doesn't have an explanation for this lack of initiative. His usual response is typically a shoulder shrug and "I don't know why, thats just how I am".  I also assume (beside it being typical ADHD behavior) its because he thinks I share everything he "needs to know", which is valid, but I think showing interest in your partners life is very important for so many reasons. Especially because he was able to express it before, so I see no reason to just let such a healthy habit (that aligns with my needs) go away because its an ADHD-related situation. I respect his perspective and motives in life. But I have issues with abandonment and feeling like I'm being too clingy/talkative, so to once in a while be given the sentiment "I want you to express yourself right now" would be very rewarding. I have my own mental health journey I'm working on with a therapist and this would be really, really great for me to have in our relationship. Somewhat unrelated, but another reason this frustration comes up is because I have agreed to take on pretty much most of the household chores, and I feel like the least he can do (because he doesn't do much by my permission) is tend to the emotional and sexual aspects of our relationship. Sex life is getting better, but there's so much work to be done with everything. I don't know. I feel like an inconvenience and its hard to see whether or not he's improving because he isn't vocal about it. Its not obvious to me he is trying unless he is consistent. I've recently implemented positive reinforcement when he does things I need, so I'm going to keep practicing this. Trying not to treat my partner like a lab rat, but he must understand that there will be methods he must try, and its about finding out what does and doesn't work if he cares about a long-lasting relationship with me (anyone, for that matter). Just don't know where to start with giving someone advice that responds to almost everything with "I don't know. This is just who I fundamentally am."
9e4dbf18a557c0166b72b56277b1928642f97a18fc181e67a6e8784757778447;;;Consequences &amp; Resentment;;;My husband never faces the consequences to his own actions (or lack thereof) and I'm really starting to resent it because it always affects me more than him.  Husband's license plate tags are about to expire? It is up to me to politely ask him daily about updating them because we share finances and I am not about to face a potential ticket. I finally let go this time and let them expire so he can face it himself. What happens? I get nagged about it by other people. People ask why I don't just do it tor him. Sorry, not my car. Take it up with him.   My husband and I got into a minor car accident where he was not at fault. The other insurance company offered to pay for all repairs/damages. I keep reminding him to schedule the estimate appointment so we can get the car repaired. Who gets all of the phone calls from our insurance company? Me. "Your husband isn't answering our calls. This accident happened a month ago. We just need to know because we are ready to close out this claim. I have left 3 voicemails this week alone. Please." Any time I ask him to just call the repair company, he lashes out and says "it just ISN'T the right time, ok!?" (But it takes 2 minutes and most of the time when I ask him he is just sitting on the couch after work)  Husband knows he needs to schedule a doctor's appointment ASAP. It has been 3 weeks and he hasn't done it. Doctor calls my number to try and reach my husband through me.  Husband gets all the sympathy in the world for 'trying' but I feel like I get hounded by other people for not doing more. "Why don't you help him?" "Just do it for him" - I already meal prep for him, manage our finances, take care of the house, and create weekly itineraries for him to help keep him organized and on track to be a functioning adult. Every day I feel like I take on a new responsibility of his because it is "too much" for him to handle. It's never enough and when I say anything about it, my husband breaks down sobbing and says HE'S exhausted but WHAT ABOUT ME?  I know it probably sounds selfish of me, but I am collapsing over here trying to keep track of both of lives while avoiding him getting pissed off at me for treating him like a child. I want to let him feel the consequences or his own actions but they're EXPENSIVE and always end up hurting me more than they hurt him (leaving clothes in the wash for a week until they get moldy to the point where vinegar wont help, leaving the grill uncovered with all of the grilling tools out in the pouring rain to rust, etc)  I'm not here for this. I'm not here for ADHD as an excuse. At what point is it ADHD vs just being a deadbeat?  I just need to know, because I'm losing my mind over here and the more time that passes the more I'm ready to just walk away.
d406f91d5d61b36a44bc991acc621e0519f9d730e3b43cf81a8f3ce41f532edc;;;He yell-ranted at me again and threw things. RSD is massive some days, I dont know what to do anymore.;;;My partner is a 29 year old male, with adhd, depression and weed addiction. He hasnt smoked for two weeks and have begun to get help from a professional with the addiction.   I dont know if its rsd, adhd or the weed addiction - or a mix of it all.   Some days there are no problem. We like to joke around and tease eachother lovingly. On his off days this is not at all possible because everything feels like an attack. Problem is I dont always know when he has an off day because he doesnt tell me.  Sometimes he is clearly annoyed and angry, but from experience it sets him off to ask if he is okay.  Ive tried in any way I can think of to approch it but it doesnt matter what I say or how I ask, it always ends up with him exploding. With time Ive lost my patience, and sometimes ask him why he is so angry, which is counterproductive because this makes him slam doors etc.  I then tell him I dont want to talk when its like that, but it seems like he cant stop when he is already going. He yells sometimes for hours. He accuses me of not listening while having these onesided screaming matches "with me" as he has no interest in letting me speak. He then begin to bring out things, out of context, from old fights and it becomes  just hours of him yelling about everything Ive ever done wrong. For the most part I dont even know how to respond when he takes some out of context and applied it differently.   Eventually I will get up and go. I have told him that if he yells I will leave because it triggers my anxiety attacks, and its made me had anxiety attacks in the past. Sometimes he trashes the room and throw with things when Im there. Today I could hear he trashed his apartment after I went out the door.   I have tried to ask him if he can give me a heads up when he has an off day, because then I know to be careful of what to say on those days, but he feels like I just have to guess and then wait it off. Ive told him how uncomfortable those days feels for me as it feels like Im in a minefield, and he's just waiting for me to take a wrong step so he has an excuse for his anger outlet.   I dont understand he cant meet me just a bit halfway here. I dont want to upset him, both because of his feelings but also to protect myself.   These tantrums scares me. He has never put a hand on me, but he has tried to flip the bed in the night while I was in it. He excused it after by saying I shouldnt be afraid, because it was just the bed he was hitting.   At the 6 months Ive known him Ive seen him break a tv, a doorknob, a sign in the middle of the street, thrown a bike, thrown his computer.   I told him its not normal and he needs to talk to someone about his anger. He says outward aggression is normal, and he wish I would do the same when Im angry, which just makes me feel like he is completely in denial.  I come from a childhood home with yelling, aggression and anger. When he does this it triggers the hell out of me and takes me week to feel sort of normal again. I close off immediatly after and tell him my boundaries has been crossed and that I need time to get back on my own feet (so it doesnt effect my school which it tends to do as I sometimes get too sad to leave my house the following days).  My partner has anger and aggression issues and clearly also rsd that inflates on some days. He is also warm, empathetic and loving. Its two different people to me. I love the one side but the other side scares me. I want him to get better, but I also feel like I need to take a step back to protect myself. I also dont want to keep being his therapist, and Im beginning to see my own mental health slipping. Ive become gradually more annoyed and shorttempered myself, and Im selfisolating more. Ive said mean things back to him after period of times where Ive had enough. He doesnt think its mean when he tells me things like that "because thats his opinion". Eventually I snap back. Im feeling extremely stressed by the situation.  Its come to the point where Im not comfortable having him in my apartment anymore, if he yells or throw things here aswell, and Im always trying to avoid his neighbours because its just embarassing. He yells out extremely intimate things I dont share with everyone while turning them into disorted things they are not. How am I supposed to trust someone like that. Yelling out how I called him dumb today that one time when I snapped after months of him talking down about everything I was learning in school. Correcting me though we study different fields. Mansplaining my whole assigment (that i was proud of  aswell as the feedback from our teachers) back to me. I have told him after many times that I dont think he is dumb and I said it in a pety moment of wanting to get back at him.   He tells me I belittles him, and I guess i do in those moments. He has been belittlening me from the day we met. From how I dated when me met (though he lied about who he was), he has shamed me for my sexual past and called me disgusting amongst other thing. He was a virgin when we met (which he lied about. I didnt know). He has called me talking about my life for drama yet its not when he talks about conflicts, family, friends. He has told me Im lazy and have no passion, yet I have school and work. He hasnt gone to school since it started in august and he never does anything. He calls me a mess, yet Im pretty sure Im the only one who has cleaned his bathroom in all the time Ive known him.  I know he is projecting. I told him that but now he tells me Im projecting (this was the same mirroring thing my narcissistic ex did). He makes me feel like the worst for snapping back, and denies his role in it. What does he expect?  I know Im not innocent in this for saying mean things back. I end up feeling so run over and emotionally neglected that I cant controle it either. I want him to feel how it feels in that moment (where I myself act like a teenager).  Im still in some sort of chock from the last time some hours ago and really upset, so Im sorry if this text is a bit all over the place.  Is there any advice? Have any of you experienced the same? How can I handle this without ending it?
78c3d32a77772aebab1f8b9e3b182b6ec957fbf8629727dff11eab0b0aa8b61d;;;Feeling Alone;;;I just found this subreddit and it’s been so amazing to read through. I am a 23F married to a 22M with very severe auditory ADHD (medicated). We’ve been married for almost 3 years, and we have a son who is almost a year old. My husband is super loving, and he really does care about me and our son, but I seriously struggle with feeling so lonely.  Whenever we were dating a lot of our relationship was long distance, so we spent many many hours talking over Skype until we fell asleep. My husband used to spend so much time on me, and genuinely went out of his way to write poetry for me, to take me on dates, to talk to me about life and just ask how I was doing. Now I can hardly get him to spend any time with me without him falling into a deep depression or just being a blob of flesh because he’s bored and not “accomplishing” something. However, he can spend literally all day on his computer playing a game and talking with all of his friends in discord (we just had COVID and we were in isolation for 10 days so he didn’t have to work... he spent the entire time on the computer from the time he woke up). I struggle with feeling like how could he give me so much of his love and attention in the past, and now after all we’ve been through is he so unable to give me any.  I love him so much and I try so hard to be understanding and not take things personally, but it just builds up and I start to feel so lonely and hurt. I understand that he needs some down time everyday, and time for his hobby, so I work hard to keep our son occupied and give him that time everyday. It just seems like the amount of time is never enough. He works full time and I spend my days watching our infant, managing our house, managing our budget, and being a SAHM. By the time my son goes to bed I just want some relaxing time with another adult, but my husband ignores me and then I start to miss my son being awake because he at least wants to be around me. Sometimes I’ll crawl into his crib with him and snuggle him just so I’m not alone. It’s hard because my husband is in the same room as me, and yet he’s in a completely different world. How is it that you can be so lonely and yet the person you love is physically near you all the time?  I’m almost in tears as I write this. I honestly don’t even know what the solution is. We’ve talked about it over and over and over, and he just has no balance. If he’s not hyper focused on something then he goes into a depression and then I feel guilty for wanting him to step away from his game. I’m really struggling because I just started a part time job in the evenings, so now we are going to see each other even less and I just don’t want our relationship to fall apart. I’m afraid of being around other people and starting to feel more appreciated by random people then I do by my husband. A lot of times he acts like I’m so clingy or needy because I ask for time together (not time in the same room or with him on his phone while laying next to me, actual time TOGETHER). I struggle with feeling like someone else would appreciate me way more then he does and sometimes I just feel like I would be seen as being SO low maintenance compared to most women. I love my husband though and I don’t want to have these thoughts. My marriage and our family is the MOST important thing to me and I will do anything to keep us together and healthy. I want to protect our relationship and our marriage, and I just don’t want anything to pull me away.  I don’t want to be bitter and upset at him. I want to live in understanding and love. I don’t want to be selfish. I just feel so very lonely and unseen. I married my husband because I wanted to spend my life with him, and it’s hard to feel like I am when he has his headphones on and spends his time in a completely different world.   The rare times we do have together though are my absolute favorite times. He is the most amazing man to me, and I am so in love with everything about him. I could listen to him talk about the most boring thing and be completely interested by it for hours. I would literally do any activity with him just to be doing something together. I compare him to other men I know and I’m constantly blown away by how amazing he is and how lucky I am to have him. I just wish that I had more of his time, and some of his attention. I just don’t want to feel alone. I feel as if I’m constantly near the most amazing and sexy man, and yet I’m not interesting enough to get his attention.   I don’t know what the point of this post is really except for just a way for me to vent and also to just reach out and maybe encourage someone else who is happily married to someone with ADHD but struggles with feeling alone. I’m thankful for this community and that I found it. It’s easy to feel very lonely when you’re the non-ADHD partner. Thanks to each of you for being here and being vulnerable. It makes me feel less alone. 💕
09893d42b8047c599566680c525f92064bdc776afd8c1d4980996dbf7c25fd04;;;My inability to consistently help my ADHD partner is killing our marriage;;;TLDR:  My (32F) husband (34M) has severe ADHD and has been begging for my help for years in keeping him on track with schedules he makes for himself. He has repeatedly asked me to take away his phone every day when he finishes work, as it’s a major distraction point for him. But I can’t seem to consistently help him for more than a few days. How do I get my act together and actually follow through?    The whole story:   I’ve been writing versions of this post and deleting them for months now because I never know exactly how to phrase this. I’m not sure if I’m looking for advice or what here, I just need to get this out.   My (32F) husband (34M) has severe ADHD and is constantly feeling behind. His ADHD allows him to tackle many difficult tasks, come up with tons of cool ideas, and move through them more quickly than most, which is great. But it also means that he always has a list two miles long and feels constantly behind.   He has always felt like I’m a poor support for helping him actually accomplish things, and has expressed that clearly over the last few years. He has asked me to help keep him to schedules that he sets. His phone is a major distraction point for him, so he has asked me to take it away from him every day after work as well.   I consistently fail at helping him in these ways. I am admittedly bad on follow-through for myself, and have tons of trouble holding myself to my own goals. I’m also quick to acquiesce and anxious about saying no to people or things.  So this has become a clash of my worst weaknesses... he will make a plan. He will fall off of the plan. I will support his new idea and not push him back into the plan.  I will get super anxious knowing that he is off-plan but not speaking up to put him back on it. Or when I do, it is too late, in a panic or anger, and comes off as condescending or nagging.   Then, all of it comes to a head and he gets extremely upset that he hasn’t finished or followed through on the original plan. He blames us- but mostly me- for not helping him stay on track. He says he is better at managing without me, and that when I intervene, I make it worse- encourage him to chase off-topic ideas, and that I’m too unreliable when he asks for my help. He also says that my lack of follow through on things like taking away his phone or not consistently   This cycle happens over and over and over. He keeps saying that all I need to do is to take away his phone, and that it’s pathetic that I can’t even do that more than a few days in a row consistently. Admittedly, I truly am failing at taking away his phone, but it also feels to me like it isn’t accurate of him to say that’s all that needs to be done. He keeps saying that in 4 years of him asking me to do that, I’ve never been able to do it more than a few days in a row. I can’t prove him otherwise, and I’m clearly not consistent at it.   Lately he has been expressing that he is feeling more and more depressed, and that my actions show I don’t care for him, and that when I say I do I must be lying.   I do care for him- so deeply. I don’t know why I can’t get my act together and consistently just take away the damn phone. I feel like I am always making excuses as to why I didn’t or couldn’t, and they ring more and more hollow every day.   I’ve been going to therapy for a few months now, and my husband says that if anything, it’s making me worse. That I have more excuses than ever, and that I must be presenting a skewed version of our situation to the therapist. I have asked him to go to couples therapy, to join a session or two of my therapy, to go see a therapist himself... and he is adamantly against all of it. He says he offered couples therapy as an option over a year ago and that I said no. That he supported me in my idea of personally getting a therapist when he thought it was a waste the whole time, and that I should have just listened to him.   He says I am just making it into a bigger, longer problem by wanting to talk to someone now, that we don’t have communication issues, and that all I need to do is actually listen to how he feels and take away the damn phone.   He has a prescription for Strattera but does not take it except once in a while, on days he has a hard workday or the like. He says he hates how it makes him feel, and he crashes super hard when it wears off.   I’m so tired and confused and angry. Why isn’t this working? Why can’t I help?? Why can’t I grow the spine to stand up and help him more?? Why can’t I just take away the goddamn phone?? What is so wrong with me that I can’t follow through?!
8aca528ceacaaf5671e699a649d3a95da0ee307f0fcd26cafa104b49ceaadc35;;;How to talk to my wife about my feelings?;;;My wife (32, not diagnosed but in the assessment process) recently started suspecting ADHD and since then she's been doing a lot of reading on it. And she sends me things to read about rejection sensitive dysphoria (which I am suspecting I have too, which leads to a whole ton of fun...) and over 10+ years of being together I have basically learned not to say anything about the things that bother me, like dishes not being put away or having to ask about something multiple times to having to guilt her into going on a walk with me and the dogs (we got the second one because she had decided we needed a second dog and she wanted to do a ton of training and has she done any of it? no.)  I don't want to have to apologise for cleaning the living room when she is sitting there or trying to not have bills all over the house or have her be grumpy and short with me and the dogs when I say I can't handle two dogs on a walk on my own and that she has to come with. I apologize and make sure to not let my hurt feelings into my voice when she tells me why what I did hurt her. In the past when I tell her how I am feeling she takes it really bad and has been so stressed she hurts herself (scratching herself until she bleeds) and she fears I will leave her.   After finding this place and reading I have been trying to come to grips with the fact that things most likely won't change, that this isn't just a phase and things will get better. And I had told myself I'd be willing to shut up about my feelings for a while, but not forever.   &amp;#x200B;  TL:DR: How do I talk to my wife about my negative feelings when she reacts with fear that I will leave her every time I try?
f865e1ac4c8ae1946b51adc9901eb9dc91d40681d0ed65b49a8b0e5c1de31efd;;;I [F/28/DX] just don’t want to help my [M/35/NDX] partner with his work anymore;;;I was diagnosed at a young age, was not medicated for most of my childhood, and started meds at 17. I’ve obviously had a long time to practice coping skills, I’ve been in CBT, I had supportive parents who helped me learn how to function decently well most of the time, and I’m very grateful for that.   My partner hasn’t been diagnosed, and he goes back and forth about whether or not he thinks he has ADHD or if he’s “just lazy.” Part of that is from his childhood, where he wasn’t ever encouraged or really even paid attention to- just told to work harder and didn’t have much parental interest in his schooling anyway.   He has a Bachelors, and now is working on a post-grad certification. He’s done part-time post-grad study in multiple fields over the seven years we’ve been together, so far none of which he has finished. Ignoring the frustration of ‘please just pick something and do it,’ my current issue is how irritating it is that I am always sucked into helping do his assignments at the very last minute.   It escapes me how I can remain supportive but get better at protecting my time and my emotional capacity by not getting drawn into his assignment stress. I’ve literally spent the last 4 hours editing, referencing, and discussing content for his work, when I have my own things to get done.   I’ve made suggestions about what works for me in terms of planning/progressing with writing/etc. and talked openly about the other academic coping strategies I was taught, even the ones I don’t personally use.   He both wants my help, but also gets frustrated and mad at me when I disagree about what is relevant to his assignments. I have two post-graduate degrees and am in a research degree at the moment, so it’s not that I’m out of touch with the requirements of academia.   If I’m quiet for 30 seconds, I’m “obviously too distracted/tired to help and should just go [to bed].” If I speak too quickly, I’m “being really unclear, it’s concerning that [I] don’t recognise that.” If I speak too slowly, I’m “clearly not interested or are too distracted.” Even then, if I were to actually go away, he gets cranky because he needs help and it won’t be done/done well without it. Usually these high stress situations are happening the day the assignment is due, for like 5+ hours up until the midnight deadlines, because he continually underestimated how long things will take him. If I suggest it might take longer, I’m obviously wrong and he knows how long things take, thanks.   If anyone has suggestions on how to communicate about not being able/willing to do this kind of thing anymore, I would be incredibly grateful. I’m happy to help in general, but I don’t want to help in these stressful bursts of last minute panic when he only seems to want what I can produce for him.   Sorry about the length, thank you for reading!   TLDR- how do I tell my partner I won’t/can’t help with his last minute assignment without coming across like a total dick?
86671616c5503f219178f082bcefc44261d445b6f3a7637e770c1400e4e61011;;;Childishness is getting to be too much;;;Dude i am so sick and fucking tired of this. I’ve been with my dx non med boyfriend for 4 years. Its been a struggle but i stay and help because i really love him. His mom never cared to help him when he was dx at 7 or 8, and now hes 21. It’s so hard because he’s a dickhead and is so rude to me for no reason. I dont want to correlate it to his adhd, but at this point i think he’s just a douche. We had to go to my friend’s to drop off something and my friend doesnt like him for the fact that my boyfriend hadnt treated me right in the past. But i assumed my boyfriend would be good and be civil to at least say hello. My friend called me the next day and felt insulted because he straight up ignored my friend. I told my boyfriend about this, and man. He just got so angry and said, “i told you i’d ignore him”, ??? What! I was like dude put your feelings aside and be civil... that’s so childish and embarrassing and he starts going off about why the dude doesn’t like him etc etc. Had i known my boyfriend would act this way, I would have never asked for the favor! He always has this demeanor that no one can disrespext him, etc etc. it’s freaking ridiculous because his anger clouds his judgement and i’m really sick of this.
18594e2e8c073e34c4c15a7789a3a30bfa52a1fed5fe893cb8d5e111d7f8c42a;;;Any tips for letting partner do chores on their own time ?;;;Both of us have ADHD, although I am the very clean/organized person, and he is very much the opposite. I am trying to figure out where I can let my partner get to chores on his own time. It's extremely exhausting doing basically ALL the chores, while keeping track of chores he needs to do, and battling with him to do a simple chore like cleaning his cats litter box.   A few weeks ago I went to visit my mom for the weekend, and he told me he was able to do chores more easily. He says it's because the pressure is off of him, and he can do it on his own time. So I'm trying to find places to let that happen for him, I'm just not sure what to do about ALL the chores though. Like, laundry is an easy one. I can just let him deal with his own clothes, but the litter boxes (we both have cats) HAVE to be cleaned. I don't want to have to remind him to do chores either all the time, I just think subconsciously he knows I'll do them (I use to be that exact way when I lived with my mom, it wasn't on purpose, but I understand now how extremely frustrating it is. Sorry mom!)   Do you guys have tips, or suggestions for chores that are able to be sorta separated ? Also tips on figuring out better reminders for him? I'm starting to get tired of this pattern with him, but I want to try a few things before things like couples therapy, or just ending it. Maybe we can regress and move into our own places, but still date? Loll! I just want to let things blow up in his face, and not have to be bothered by it.    (Please no comments that just say "break up". If you strongly feel that way, please explain. Thank you!)
81e0df486d5409dcfdb4c8ac3deeface54134e8a3e15c0c00e200cca6008d911;;;Marriage About to Fail;;;I'm not really sure what I'm looking for by posting here. Perhaps just support/love/just someone to listen. Idk. My husband and I have been married for 3 years today. A few days ago he asked me if I wanted to do something for our anniversary.   I kind of blinked surprised that after 3 years of marriage and 9 years of being together and every single year I plan something and get him a gift and he forgets or does nothing every year just for us to fight and me tell him how I want him to just show that he cares he's only now just asking. I tried to keep my chin up, hope for something. Anything. That this year would be different. I mean, he asked right?  Today, my mother in law asked if we needed to reschedule our lunch date for tomorrow given that it's our anniversary. I was a bit confused given that our anniversary is today, not tomorrow. To which I replied that tomorrow would be fine. It occurred to me she had lunch with him today so he probably told her. I Alex her, "You're texting him telling him, aren't you?"   "Yeah..."  In the grand scheme of things it's little, but it's that tiny sprinkle on the ever-growing horde of cake. The chores that never get done, his inability to complete any task I ask of him, his lack of initiative, how he feels like a child, not a partner... I could go on...  I feel defeated. I feel hurt. I love this kind, gentle, smart person so very much, but I'm not in love anymore and I don't know what to do. The constant disappointment is really starting to wear on me.
c4e81644445fad999ee9889c0e0ab0c12f0d0fab33b1f60d9173f2c0c9e69ecd;;;He’s finally getting the help he needs, but our relationship isn’t;;;He (Dx ADHD) is finally in a place where he has a team of people - a psychotherapist, an ADHD coach, and a behavioral psychiatrist specializing in adult ADHD - working with him. His parents are also now finally seeing how his ADHD affects his day-to-day life and trying to be supportive.   I’m so happy he has these people focused on his success now, but this comes after almost four years of me taking on most of these roles by myself and begging him to get help (for months he even lied to me and said he was going to therapy when he wasn’t).  For years he would hide his symptoms along with his anxiety and depression from everyone except me who often was on the receiving end of it all. This was especially true during times he was unemployed (he’s been laid off three times in the last year).   I endured so much abuse and gaslighting just trying to make him reflective of his own behavior and introduce accountability with no success, but now that people with advanced degrees are doing the same he is so receptive and calls them all geniuses. He has this whole team that he is crediting with his recent success, but he doesn’t see me as part of it. When I try to hold him accountable at home, I become the enemy. I’m either “pushing him too hard” or I just “don’t understand him”.   I’m so glad he’s getting the help he needs, but there’s still so much hurt from the past. I know he hates reflecting on the past, so even though he’s doing a bunch to work on himself and his own self compassion, I don’t feel like I’ll ever get the recognition or overdue apologies I deserve. I also don’t know how much more patience I have to be in an unfulfilling relationship while he “works on himself”. Wondering if we both wouldn’t just benefit from starting fresh with other people.
bc34f46a3df1540504781bbd3509bcffb952ebb98c8c5e75c471c1fc2bf2d75c;;;Partner no longer affectionate, chose to stay, but depressed.;;;I've never used a throwaway account but I had to for this one.   I believe that my partner (medicated) is done hyperfocusing on me now and there's someone else in the picture. She said there isn't but I'm not inexperienced. She no longer looks at me or treats me the same way she did before. She's also no longer interested in settling down, having kids or being intimate with me.  On top of that, she's been quite depressed lately. She said it's due to a recent trauma, but I suspect it's not just that but also related to being stuck in this relationship. I think she's only staying because she doesn't want to hurt me. I'm trying everything I can to save this relationship and she is also seeking professional help, but honestly I wouldn't be surprised if this relationship ends.  I love her very much, and I'm not bitter. At this point I'm not worried about whether we last as a couple or not. She will always be family to me. As much as this sucks and hurts, I just want her to get better. I hope, but don't think she can be happy staying with me. However, I also know that her executive dysfunction won't allow her to take good care of herself if she's by herself. And even the she's with someone else, she'll likely just go through the same cycle.  I'm thinking of reaching out to her family to see if they can help, but I'm also wondering if this community can suggest something.  Thanks in advance  On the plus side, this experience has taught me what love is and how to love better.
661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;What is your experience?;;;My wife (diagnosed and medicated) and I (non-ADHD spouse) have bee married 14 years and have two kids. ADHD has presented HUGE struggles for us to work on. Then came a lockdown and a pandemic that seems to never end.  This year has amplified our struggles and almost broke both of us more than once.  We are struggling as individuals and as a couple.  What is your experience?  How has this year effected your already challenging relationships?  Have you found helpful things to do or try during this period that has been helpful?  Please share your story.
762dd3d1010d341d93504c861aaed2bba151556062c0f9d96731a4b4fa7a271b;;;Is anyone elses partner addicted to marijuana?;;;I'm (30) not sure if it's an issue for us, my husband (34) is addicted.  He was diagnosed ADHD as a child, on no prescribed medication. He's very successful in his career, is a present and loving father. In general we're a happy couple, been together 5 years.  He used to smoke a larger quantities and since the baby agreed to micro dose, generally 4/5 times a day.     If he doesn't get to smoke he becomes anxious and fidgety.  He also surfs regularly, I imagine helps his stress. Should I be concerned that my husband is a functional addict? He said he'll stop but I seriously doubt he could on his own.  Should I just stop scratching at this itch?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;Anyone with an avoidant adhd partner who can help?;;;Me (f28) and partner (m29) are in the absolute end of the rope. It seems like we both want to give it the last shot. If that doesnt work, I will have to accept its over and that its for the best.   Gradually over the years my mistrust has grown (he lies about small stuff often and has about big stuff too). Its been his coping tool always, for not getting in trouble, but we all know it only creates trouble. With time my resentment have grown too. Ive felt like it has gotten emotional abusive, with the constant hyperfocus for some days, then back to treating me like Im a future.  He doesnt naturally share about his everyday life or much about his past. I tell him about my friends and family, hopes and dreams, fears and longings but his form of sharing is telling me what he got for lunch. He doesnt tell me who he is hanging out with. He often has new almost best friends out of the blue, Ive never heard about before. Sometimes its been females. He have lied about them being in the apartment and stuff like that - but are firm in that he never have cheated.  Ive moved on everytime but it all still sits with me because he never gave me a completely honest explanation. There are still weird holes in his stories from when he broke up with me for 4 months, and I know he then told me lies that doesnt match up with his current ones.  Im still trying to stay in the position of that maybe he makes such a mess of all his small lies that it ends up looking really really shady.   Now that we are giving it the last shot I need him to want to be honest about his feelings. I need him to tell me things about his life like I share with him.  He has told me that because Ive reacted with anger or apathy in the past to something he has shared, he is now even more so afraid to do so. Which is something Im willing to change immediatly as we give it this last go at it, I want to see if it helps. But i also need him to understand why its okay to not only have joyful feelings about what he tells me, and that its okay that i get hurt or worried.   Im not interested in feeling like this therapist or mother anymore. Trying to make him share feels like that - and we all need someone to guide us sometimes but in the long run it doesnt work, because he cant do the same for me, and then I end up feeling taken forgranted and resentful again.  I wish we could sit down and put all the cards on the table, from our whole relationship and get it out of the way, so we can start fresh. But we have tried that before and it didnt work. He was supposed to write it down to make it easier but keeps forgetting. Its been 3 months now.   I cant force him. I cant in anyway push because then he completely closes down and go nonverbal. I can sit for hours and hug him, but that doesnt work either, he always tells me he are then too tired so we'll do it tomorrow.  Its been over 2 years now. Patience cant keep being the only thing I can do.This is it for me.  What can I do to help him open up, in a way where I dont disrespect myself in the process?
4736bdc9a73bbaa22c9fe643e1c3a894d67838515622c3b11a92f84a99058d3c;;;Minor incidents cause massive blow ups and fallout that persists. I’m really struggling. :(;;;My husband (dx/med) makes me so stressed I feel like I’m going to faint.   If a minor incident occurs (like what just happened where I was dismissive of something he said in a conversation) he hyperfixates on how I did the one bad thing and rides with it. Mind you, it’s the morning currently and he said that he thought today was going to be a good day but now it’s ruined because i was rude. I know I was being ruined (again, morning, and he wanted to have a deep conversation with me about something) and my mind was not having it. It’s not an excuse and I know that so I was going to apologize and then he blew up about it.   And now I know the fallout is going to persist all day and bleed into tomorrow.   These are always minor things. A blip a bump a whatever. In other conversations with other people it would be a brush off the shoulder. But with him? It’s the end of the world and he hates me and I’m such a rude bitch and I’m the worst. Meanwhile he is constantly mean and awful to me (even if he doesn’t mean it) and if I bring it up I can’t explain it because it hurts him and when I try to have a productive conversation it’s either: IM THE WORST WE SHOULD DIVORCE or OKAY ILL BE BETTER (no improvement or further discussion).   What can I even do to prevent this? Is this just RSD?  I don’t want to live the rest of my life constantly in fear over being less than perfect around him or else I’ll get this treatment. I wanna make things better :(
1f82225004ebc4f1b235dd066a754fddebc06fc69d1bda458e1b57deb2f59d17;;;Handling the hyperfocus fall out in a new relationship;;;I’m a 20-something female seeing a 30-something male with ADHD (DX). It’s very new, just a few months in but it started out so intensely that we felt such a strong connection and reached a lot of milestones in a short amount of time. We got to know each other extremely well and bonded over lots of common interests and even common values and life goals.   However, the last few weeks I’ve noticed a change in his behavior towards me. At the start of the relationship he was very affectionate and attentive. It’s like what some of these articles about ADHD and relationships often say - I felt like I was the “center of his universe.”   He is still very nice to me and spends a lot of time with me, but I feel like he’s more detached and isn’t as interested in me as he was before. I brought it up with him and he said that his feelings for me haven’t changed, but I still feel hurt because of the change in the level of attentiveness and affection.   Has anyone else been in the same position? What was your experience like? Any advice on how to process it and what to do about it?
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Alternative Lifestyles, Better Fit?;;;Heyo,    So as my ndx partner and I have been trying to problem solve.   I think think he could really, REALLY thrive in a people-first, networking role that allows him to jump from person to person, topic to topic. He's I  sales, but we both are actuallt educated and trained for the non-profit, relief aid sectors. Within the past year of him not working in that sector, I see how much he genuinely struggles with the day to day grind of a 9-5.   We're coming up with a plan to lead a non-cpnvetional life abroad, in developing countries for our skillset, but for now helping him stay focused when he's bored at work is soo hard.  I believe the best way to success is letting him live to his potential in his out-of-the-box roles that are people and idea focused.   Does anyone else's spouse thrive in non-traditional work and roles?   My brother is severely dyslexic and schizophrenic, an did spent my whole life angry at a society that is just not built for him.  I feel the same.about my husband. He is just not wired to fit in a pretty neat box that society wants, so we're choosing to throw the box away and build our own.   It also helps that the countries will be working in are 1. NOT time oriented 2. Focused more on relational living instead of westernized success.  After we figured this out, I feel so much better.   The western world is made for the NT brain only, and it sucks.
661087e5cc34555abfc9c392cca1a8fca175779a682d0a1ac24d3d7039672d75;;;Does it get worse before it gets better?;;;My wife was undiagnosed for the first 13 years of our marriage.  Now she's diagnosed with ADHD as well as OCD, she is in therapy, and medicated. I see a counselor myself as well.  We are trying to work through Melissa Orlov's book together.  It seems like every time we take a step forward, we also take a step back.  I know there's no magical fix out there, but it's hard to see progress.  It seems like it's harder now than it may have ever been.  Did it get harder for you before it got better?  Is this normal?
3627ecc5388e2cddcc05114dc6a8b196b36b3f96fb457392b2d8b8244d033a4e;;;I can't handle this.;;;I need a place to tell the whole story. You dont have to read, I just need to get it out so I don't feel crazy. I'm in 2 types of therapy, and we're in counseling together. Here we go:  &amp;#x200B;  We both got out of bad relationships. Found each other, took it slow at first, long distance. I realized he was the exact man I had been looking for. It got serious, in 7 months I moved to the Midwest from California. We eloped (something we both had always wanted). Within that first week, he switched from that hyperfocus we all know, to resenting the responsibility of being married.  When I moved in, he was sooo thin, because he wouldnt feed himself. He borrowed money from everyone because he spent his money on tools and booze. He  couldnt hold down jobs very long. His house was a hoarders house. He wouldnt sleep for weeks.  I moved in and got it sparkling and shiny. I fed him 3 meals a day, he got back to normal. He slept solid 8 hour nights.   Only he complained about my needs. Why did I possibly need to eat 3 meals a day? Couldnt I just eat ramen? Why did he have to heat the house and waste all that wood he chopped?? Couldnt I live in 50\* house????   He decided to join military, even though I was expressly against military life. He was real ugly during this time. Every time I spoke out about it, he would gaslight and stonewall me. He got rejected from military due to inconclusive mental health diagnosis.   While I worked and he looked for jobs for 2 months, he would spend his days at bars.   Finally he got a management job. We moved to new town. He seemed to be doing so well. Only now I started cracking from all the previous stress of maintaing order in his chaos. I had no friends, no support system. He became workaholic and works 7 days a week for months. He goes in on his days off, ignores all my needs and all home responsibilities. When I get upset, he tells me I'm crazy and needy.  I have gone to his work irate and fuming, when he ignored things on his day off and went into work instead. So I got banned from his work, because one day I flipped and yelled at him. He had promised to take me to the cities, but decided clocking in at work was more important.   It took 7 months of sex and many fights before he finally realized he needed to make sure my pleasure was actually on his radar.   He won't lift a finger to help with anything in the house, and tells me he believes its a womans job, or that because I only work 40 hours and not 70 like he CHOOSES, I need to clean, not him.  He spends his money on tools he never uses.   Lately hes started drinking WAY TOO MUCH.  When we fight in the car, he locks me in the car with him and drives away from where we are going, holding me againt my will. If I try to get out, he calls me crazy and says he'll call the police on me.  He shook me out of anger a couple weeks ago.  He turns into a sweet angel every night and cuddles me tight. But otherwise, my needs are dead to him.  I try to tell him I need him here for me, because I'm really struggling. This makes him resent me. This makes me freak out.  So then I try to be this woman who is totally fine with her husband CHOOSING to work 70 hour weeks, not helping with any responsibility, telling me daily his customers are more important, ignoring my needs, and now he wants to quit his job again.   I am trying SO HARD to not be bothered. I am going to therapy, have mentors, and scheduled all these new hobbies that are now cancelled due to COVID.   I don't understand any of this, and I feel like I am this psycho woman for getting so worked up about being lonely and neglected.   I feel like I should leave.
164e71cb6106766b0f276ab9a19a90f0fe108d6fceaf0f82241643541041fecc;;;To make our relationship work, I’ve gotta deny my own reality.;;;What she claims to have said/not said is not consistent with what she texted.  If I paraphrase using different words than she used, she accuses me of gaslighting her or of making things up.   She tells me I don’t listen to her or hear her, but I don’t feel listened to or heard either.   She tells me we need to talk to work things out, then stonewalls me when we’re finally in the same room.  She tells me she’s too upset with me to work. Meanwhile, the bills keep piling up.  She says we should go out, do something fun for once. Then the next day, she tells me she doesn’t feel like it anymore.   To make things work, the solution seems simple: I’ve gotta stop having opinions, feelings, or perspectives that don’t match hers.  winning is pain. Could it be that I’m just an accessory to her?
9220a05d38e6f4f99cac0055843a4a43fca44a1f595cded75eba7b4b2d2f25d4;;;Sleep issues with SO;;;This is my first post on Reddit so I’m not really sure how to write this out lol. My SO was diagnosed with depression, anxiety and ADD all Around the time, he is on medication to help with his depression/anxiety and than another one for his ADD. He struggles a lot at night to sleep he can’t ever shut his brain off and when his ADD medication wears off he feels really anxious. He resorted to getting un prescribed Xanax from his friend and he’s taken to much before and it worries me.  My question is does anyone know how I can help him or if anyone knows any techniques or what he can do to shut his mind off and help him sleep.
d50011e0e5cb3fad01f941d378cb80999c389a7baecd1579de2c09b89bd461ea;;;Dr Jekyll or Mr Hyde? Aka who do I believe?;;;My partner has untreated ADHD, GAD (on Wellbutrin), and deep social anxiety.   We were supposed to be going to a memorial service in another state next week for someone close to my partner. I had said I wanted to go to support him and to help him should he need someone to talk him down. We had talked bout plans for it initially weeks ago, but since then it kept being back burnered cause we didn't know if covid would force a cancellation. Last week, I opened up about how I felt very uneasy about going and like something awful was going to happen somehow. I really needed him to help me process what the issue could be. I was and am still incredibly frustrated that I can't figure out what part of this is making me so hesitant. We talked for hours and then that was it.  Last night, he goes to look for a rental car-can't find any at the rental place and within two minutes I'm accused of "forcing my way into the plan so I can sabotage it" and all sorts of other horrible things that aren't true at all. Not to mention his breaking stuff. Then five minutes later he walks it back and tells me he still wants me to go. Now I just keep on playing his words over and over.  This seems to be our pattern. He gets angry, says incredibly hurtful things, and wants forgiveness "cause he didn't mean it. He was just upset in the moment" I understand he has impulse control issues from the ADHD. How do I even trust though? Cause even if he doesn't mean it doesn't just the idea make it somewhat true?   Please any help, recommendations, books, etc anything would be appreciated....
7d68709600208579c640d41e1498d4d7f9561bb0d94e3d5e045788a6fa236123;;;Doctor switch and med update;;;Following up from [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/95eu64/antidepressant_before_adhd_meds/) and [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/95czy4/spouses_first_doc_appt_postponed_to_today_will/). Husband found a doctor's office, paid through the nose in a shady way, is seeing them for the last time tomorrow morning, and moved himself over to a doctor recommended by a friend who is on top of it!   Where we live for some reason, it's been very difficult to find doctor's offices who operate with any urgency or efficiency. The one he found that put him on the Lexapro moved his first appointment twice, then overcharged us but didn't specify the exact charges to our insurance company, and now there's confusion that we owe money we actually don't. They told him the overcharge would be applied as a credit, which could be used towards the $500 ADHD testing, however we're using it to pay for the final appointment tomorrow so he can re-up the Lexapro and take our business elsewhere.  After he hung up with his new doctor, he came to tell me how effortless making the appointment was and how she wouldn't charge for testing nor need all the testing materials we'd rushed to prepare, he had tears in his eyes. It felt like such a huge relief to find a doctor who is clearly willing to work with us beyond our wallets, and who seems to really want to help. His first appointment isn't until the end of this month because she's busy, but we're both excited and feeling so much better about heading into this process.  Hang in there, fellow sufferers. I have to believe help is out there!
f0ef87596dfbeffcdcfec2d70a536e2323c9e32c83709cdbfcc1d92b25c4bbb6;;;Forgot to lock car door and we got robbed!;;;Soo.. we arrived in Paris yesterday and this morning checked out this morning to carry on with our journey, packed the car up and then went to get some breakfast to take with us. We were gonna leave the puppy in the car but i decided against as I don't trust paris or anywhere with my dog in the car.   Anyway, got our breakfast and returned to car, it appeared to be messy I couldn't understand and then it hit me I asked my partner (male ADHD) to check for ipad...gone! Wallets, cards, weed ( my partner is not medicated and he uses weed as dopamine boost which I have to say is a godsend and without it he would struggle with moods, tantrums much more)   I'm gutted as my partner never locked the door, he always forgets and I didn't remind him today as I was busy organising the wee puppy when we left the car.   So now I'm im paris with the puppy on my own while he travels all the way back to uk to get some money as we have no cards, also he needs some weed other wise the holiday will be a nightmare with his moods and argumentive behaviour.   I'm kinda just venting and upset because stuff like this happens all the time and its super stressful. I feel really sorry for him too as I know he feels like shite because of it, he really wanted to make our anniversary special he even got me a room lookng out to the eiffel tower and had roses and champagne in the room for me.   I think I'm more empathetic than angry. But it still hard when thing's always go wrong. Imagine we did leave the dog for 5mins, she would have been gone too. However, I think I would of checked if the door was locked if she was in it. Anyway, never leave the dog in a car is probably better.
59ffb00da0fc080794ab36c7278d6c7b4952c7a74566ebf666666574b9bd29f9;;;Anyone with ADHD and BiPolar male partner?;;;Hi, posted here before and read what's here frequently.   Partner of 4 plus years got diagnosed last year formally with ADHD and just recently with BP. It has been extremely difficult on me as his partner because his family does not deal with the issues and fall out of this, it has seemed to fall squarely on me. Ala why he finally went to see a counselor and get a diagnosis to start treatment. He is in his early 40s.   He is able to maintain his job. It is a high stress job so it works well for him. He thrives off the last minute preparations and tasks. And he is very good at what he does.   Problem is he seems to take every stressor out on me. No one else to carry the stress. He wouldn't dare to his family, friends or work. He maintains a cool calm persona with them and then it's a whole different story behind the scenes.  Every 3 weeks, he gets into his moods. It takes days for it to come back to neutral.  My question is does anyone else here have a partner with this same combo? We are supposed to get married and from what I can tell at this point is the deeper our relationship tries to go the worse his behaviors manifest.   We did couples therapy on Friday and by Sunday, his behavior had shifted in the negative yet again.   So I'm hesitant to plan a wedding only to be thrown curveballs of negative behavior.  Hope this makes sense!
d2f0a41985ac053fdd5d4cc5edb896e54fc50404839daf2fd5fb02fc213809da;;;He (boyfriend with ADHD) hasn't respond yet;;;We both use an app that counts how many time we are together. Today we are 900 days on our relationship. Last night i write to him as usual, and added a little letter like text talking about our relationship and why i love him so much. Usually he will respond back, but today wasn't the case. I don't expect the same from him because i know its difficult for him but he usually at least says "i love you too". He has seen the mesages and he expressed on his own way that something happened and he felt bad and shout down. Im scared because lately when he encounters a difficulty on our relationship from his point of view he thinks that ended our relationship its the solution. He has regretted that decision, but still im so afraid. I try constantly my best to make him understand that things hace solutions. But its so exhausting to trying to be his therapist, career and girlfriend at the same time when i have ptsd and all of this stuff constantly triggers me. I don't know. Im scared. I know that i didn't do anything wrong but still ... it like walking on a landmine. I have notifications of and i will try to ignore the phone but until he says something my anxiety and fear will not go away. I don't want to be abandoned again.
80bf8c7ba681bb91a1b1d51f36d87f7eebf018d2022252f5892b912e91fc49c0;;;A few things I've found helpful as a non adhd wife reading Melissa Orlov's books "The adhd effect on marriage" &amp; "The couple's guide to thriving with adhd";;;1. **Your happiness is *your* responsibility. Not your partners.**  2. Anger is the result of taking too much responsibility for our spouse’s feelings and reactions and not enough responsibility for our own life. You can address the root causes of anger in your relationship by giving back the responsibility for fixing ADHD to the partner who has it, while at the same time taking charge of your own happiness again.   3. Poor comprehension or memory is *not* personal *(this has been a hard pill to swallow as I've always had the mindset if you forget, it's not important to you)*  4. Adults don’t have the same growth momentum that children do to help enable and amplify progress. In adults, change comes from hard work, not getting a year older. This means that an ADHD spouse seems more prone to get “stuck” than a child does, and do things over and over again, which is just the opposite of what you would expect: you expect the adult to be able to progress, and the child to get stuck.   5.Applaud all forward progress. Research shows that encouragement, support, and recognition of success are far more effective than offering “help” when your goal is to inspire continued success.  *it's taken me a long time to accept my husband doesn't learn from mistakes/negativity, he needs to see the positive side. I'm still practicing this*   6. Always needing to be on alert, combined with being responsible for the majority of all of the chores and scutwork, results in exhaustion. Find a way that works for both of you.  *My husband responds well to routine and lists with reminders - we use the simple app "Codo")*  7. Don’t try harder, try *differently*.  Respect your individual needs and differences   Take responsibility for yourself, and only yourself   Find your own voice—that is, behaving in a way that is consistent with being the person you aspire to be and who is uniquely “you”   Create interactions and making choices that are “ADHD sensitive”  8. Don’t Let Triggers Send You Back to the Bad Old Days  *This one is by far the hardest, I'm trying every single day to follow this*  9. Treatment of ADHD is the sole responsibility of the ADHD spouse. If you are “invited” to participate by that spouse, that’s great, but assess whether that invitation somehow puts you in “control.” If it does, then back away and think of ways to support without controlling.  10. Understand that ADHD in your relationship does not in any way doom you to a bleak existence or hopeless situation. Both of you have within you the ability to live joyous, loving, companionable lives filled with happiness.
8f56675e0b78ab1492333cf8dbd50f42d360b8e9a8826769bc2f9a7d10046c5f;;;Constant walking on eggshells. Where is the balance...? What even truly works?;;;(That is a rhetorical question...mostly and this is mostly half a rant/half an invitation for advices if anyone has any idea I guess, if we knew we all wouldn’t be here having these problems after all)  TL;DR long term r/s , communication never go anywhere anymore, not at the end of my road or anything, just plain frustrated and want better for both of us. I’ve read and tried to apply a lot of the tips suggested on this sub and advice for ADHD in general in vain for the most part.  For additional context , I am 30M with NDX 26F partner.  Gather round ADHD partner folks, I am sure all of us have by now a dozen of ADHD help books under our belts.   We know negative reinforcement don’t quite work, tough conversations are often too overwhelming for our partners and sure I could just love them through it all but that would not make me any different from an enabler now does it ?   I am aware of the guilt and potential shame preventing those who suffer from truly coming to terms with their issues but unless it is faced head on it is only going to cause more problem down the line.  Kicker is, when you DO manage to thrash out an issue and get your point across somewhat , I feel like a tyrant forcing someone with a broken leg to run a marathon. All I need from my partner is an acknowledgement of the issue, get us on the same page to go towards the solution together. Instead I get  days or even weeks of self loathing and I’m left feeling like I should have walked on eggshells and not brought up the issue after all.   On managing it, I try to suggest solutions and I get that they don’t all work and me just saying “try this” gets frustrating but I hear “I try so hard and get frustrated I can’t because of my disability why isn’t that enough for you?” . Because in my opinion it was never about (just) me ? Clearly it isn’t enough FOR HER as well if she’s living unhappily .   Last but not least I am sick and tired of hearing any variations of “I don’t want to be a burden/ I am sorry for being a burden”.  First of all, strictly speaking a lot of it are , some I’m happy to help, some I do begrudgingly but whatever, it is what it is, might as well make the most of it. I don’t care for sorrys, I would love some gratitude for a change (and I have brought this up but it worked for a day top) Any idea asides from perhaps saying “I would prefer you thank me instead” days on end which just sounds self-absorbed.  To end of on a somewhat cheerier note, for most parts we don’t have big ‘issues’? Just bubbling resentments from my part for always being ready to help and do things and take the initiatives but still get brushed off for not being supportive enough/sensitive the right way . Just thinking out loud and would appreciate others chiming in.  Apologies for the wall of text and thank you if you’ve made it to the end. Hang in there too.
a79ff113263b141ff770845558efa82094645f6cd1cd73f0a7e2679d8ddad356;;;Been thinking about leaving for a year but i am too chicken.;;;I love him so much, he is the best partner I have had when it comes to showing kindness and respect. If he wasn’t a great loving person I would be long gone  But our relationship is destroying me. And he always blames it on his ADD and the way his personality is because of his ADD.   We have had issues since the beginning of our relationship about our communication. We are also long distance which was pretty hard but we got used to it. At the moment im staying over his place (his parents place with his family) for a month or so after being apart for 8 months due to covid.   I will admit that at the beginning of our relationship. I have had jealousy issues and trust issues. I have worked so hard on it and got over it without his help. Anyway I realized soon after that it was hugely his fault due his lack of communication and his ADD. For example: he would say something about a situation he has been through and then contradicts himself later on. Fast forward 3 years later not much has changed. Whenever i try to talk to him I feel misunderstood or ignored or gaslighted. He hasnt had a job in over a year but claims he is trying his best and applying everyday. All he does is smoke weed and play video games. I have given him a list of things to work on last year, inorder to grow as a person and to make our relationship better with better communication.  He claims he has done so much and has worked so hard but i feel gaslighted all the time. When i ask what exactly he worked on he says he can’t explain it and its all mental things he can’t give me an example. This relationship is taking away all my energy with me trying to understand him, and trying to not feel ignored all the time. I ask questions sometimes and get no response or a response to something i didnt even ask???? I have studied ADD so much and sent him so many articles and found many therapists to help him to the point where I neglected myself. I have mental issues too ( i have BPD)  but i am too busy trying to fix him and fix us.   He finally admitted last week that he was lying to himself for a year or so when he claimed that he is “working on his weed addiction “and that he hasnt really done anything to improve it. Basically lying to me whenever i asked him about it. I forgave him because i know he was going through deppression and i am deciding to give him one last chance but the question is what the heck am i waiting for?? Until when? I feel lied to and misunderstood all the time  We keep arguing amd arguing and i stay because of the persuation and promises of things getting better. And it does for a while until it doesn’t.   Anyone with an ADD partner have an advice on how to deal with all this?
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;A welcome to our new mods;;;As some of you already may have noticed, the modding team has 2 new additions.   They've been active members for a while now, and as we keep growing they'll help shape this supportive community.  So a big welcome to u/beugly and u/SherrifOfNothingtown!
7b0bf5e6b31b121caf771118b28f6b7064cb2a9658cd755ccfc7660372765ad4;;;I just need to vent...;;;I know we have a weekly vent thread on the forum, and I'm sorry, but I'm (M/NT) just angry right now after the latest argument with my other half (27/M/DX/Medicated). I have found that writing helps me wrap my mind around things, so I'm writing and just letting it all pour out. I apologize if this isn't appropriate, I just needed somewhere to vent all of my frustrations.  I'm so forking sick of walking on eggshells and having to be the one that thinks about everything I say or do so I don't upset you, or make things worse or more difficult for you to manage.  I know that I can be sarcastic, and that you don't always understand that, but I'm not sarcastic 24/7. I don't always address you sarcastically or angrily, but I have to cop to that if you feel that I have, because, clearly, you perceived it that way, so it has to be so.   You misspoke and I answered the question you asked - and you got angry because it's not what you wanted to ask, and I should have just KNOWN what it was you were asking.   I'm sick of everything being my fault. I'm sick of being the one that gets the blame for every problem that exists in our relationship. Yes, you might come back later and say it was your fault and that you recognize that - but it doesn't take back the hours of arguing and telling me how I did it wrong and that's what's causing the argument.   I'm sick of having to apologize for things I didn't do.   I'm sick of being criticized for for not giving you enough praise when you do the littlest thing like taking out the garbage. Thanks for doing that isn't enough, I have to praise you like you solved world peace. Do you have any comprehension all of the balls I keep in the air on a daily basis to make our lives move forward?   I'm sick of YOU being the only one that can have a bad day.   I'm sick of listening to you for hours about one thing, but feeling rushed like I have to make a point in 5 minutes or less before something shiny and pretty catches your eye.   Burning every bridge is a strategy - it's not a successful one. But to hear you tell it, I don't know what I'm talking about and tact and professionalism will get me walked all over. We're in the same industry and I've been in it LONGER, so tell me again how I don't know what I'm doing and should be more aggressive.   I'm sick of fighting over money and how we need to be careful about what we spend and less than an hour later getting a notification from the bank of a $250 Amazon purchase. I'm sick of being the one questioned about why there's only so much in the account when you never look at it and then wonder where it all went.   I'm sick of the contradictions. You didn't like it when I swore if I got angry, and that upset you. So I stopped doing that (for the most part). Now you swear when you're angry and it's just something I have to get used to because it's a "cultural thing" for you.  I'm sick of having to be the responsible one, the adult. I'm sick of how you punish me because that's something I'm capable of and one of us has to do it.   You ask me something, like how I'm feeling about XXXX (a particular news story, how I'm actually feeling, dinner). I'll answer you and it's wrong. Was I even paying attention, because if I was, I wouldn't be answering that way. Just because you don't like the answer doesn't mean it isn't a valid answer. But I'm the one that needs to learn to be more open minded and compromise more.   I'm sick of being told if I want this to work, I have to learn to understand you and your ADHD more (and everything else that comes with that - RSD, Depression, etc.). I have. I have bent over backwards to try and change how I approach things, to be more forgiving of the things you can't control, to embrace the chaos. Everything I've read and learned is that this is a two person journey and both people have to adapt, so why am I the only one that is???  I'm sick of not feeling good enough.   I know a lot of you are in the same situation and some/all of these will strike a chord. I know I'll have more to vent about when next week's thread comes out. I'm just upset and angry and flailing now, so thanks for reading.   TL/DR: Sick of not feeling good enough, venting all the frustrations.
4bcaacb58f961b548e12794dc4a09c3135fa3f3e76374350179c3f65b5a65c0e;;;Adhd partner refuses to engage.;;;Hi all, I posted asking for advice a few days ago, but it was more like a rant so I deleted it. So here is my question. Does anyone else's partner just refuse to engage? For example, I asked him to make himself a reminder for tomorrow to get a couple groceries for dinner because we are out and I have to work. He immediately got defensive and started arguing. I stopped the conversation because of it and asked him if he wanted to take a minute. He got more frustrated and started yelling at me about the list and the groceries and said some mean things.  So I walked away and did dishes. 10 minutes later he started talking to me like nothing happened. Making jokes about his coworkers and such. He does this all the time. Pretends nothing is wrong and he didn't just act like he did.  He also refuses to speak about issues I bring up. Things like "man I'm really stressed by work" end up with silence or a change of subject. Worse if I push it, looking for validation or support I get to hear why he has it worse. Or a guilt trip about why I shouldn't feel that way. The latter always culminates in setting off my ptsd and me shutting down.  Anyone else deal with this? I feel like I've tried a million different ways to explain how I feel, every trick that I've read about add, every marriage counseling guide I can get my hands on.  Everytime I get met with silence, or a joke.  Lately, I'm finding it hard to continue to be affectionate as I feel very much like I'm aline in this relationship, it's so hard to want to cuddle and have sex with my husband went I get no emotional support out of him. This is turn has set him off, and now every single time I try to point out where I'm at, I get told he'd be better if I would fuck him. End of conversation.  I'm at a loss over here. I don't want to lose my husband, but I can feel myself giving up. I don't know what to do. He has entertained the idea of therapy, but won't commit to it, like will not take the next steps.  My only silver lining is he got officially diagnosed a week ago abd the psychiatrist will help set up a treatment plan. I promised myself I would see this through with him, but I'm so afraid it won't change. I'd be happy to hear if anyone has dealt with this, or any ideas to get him to participate. I think I'd just be happy to know I'm not alone.   Sorry this turned into a novel. Thanks in advance.
9d48950a3015ccbbe919584220f87655c5b024756c1e5895b975bdfd13fc3b4b;;;He took Vyvanse twice in one day and the next day is moody AF;;;He worked a double shift and the doctor won't prescribe meds that will work that many hours so my partner takes it upon himself to take his Vyvanse twice on those days. Typically, there is fallout from doing this the following day. He becomes withdrawn, tired, grouchy, mumbles all day, has the most hostile tone when he speaks to me like I'm the most annoying person in the world.   He told me he was getting depressed. I think a big reason is he sucked extra dopamine out of his brain doubling up on the Vyvanse.  It's hard to be supportive about his down mood when he's not following the treatment plan properly. When he won't try anything but double meds on these days he works long hours, and when I am the one that takes the brunt of the reactive crankiness.   He says the depression was coming on for a few days. Maybe it was, but double Vyvanse sure didn't help prevent it.   Also, I am a therapist in my work life, and so he thinks I should magically know how to support him when he feels depressed. But my clients actually talk to me and have insight about where the depression comes from. My partner has no insight whatsoever, and also bails on shared responsibilities where I need to depend on him. It's annoying that he expects me to treat him like a professional client.   It's also really upsetting that we cannot have a consistent emotional bond. We just resolved a long fight for several days, where I talked about separating, we made up and had one wonderful day, then he's this grumpy lump on the couch mumbling all day and talking to me like I am the most annoying person in the world. I mean how the hell am I supposed to build anything stable with someone that can't even go more than one day treating me like the emotional connection between us matters? How am I supposed to feel stability in our bond when he is so up and down and when any time of closeness is going to be sabotaged?
fadead6da6e4ed092dbac1c7774c58979f73a591478a46ebdbd02f5a747d364d;;;Just looking for hope...;;;Looking for some inspiration. It's been a rough week for SO (32M dx) and I (31F, sorta dx) and we've come to a point where we both needed some space. I stayed at my dad's house last night but had to come home today. This past year has just been so hard with minimal structure and dissipating discipline. I'm not ready to give up. We've been together for 4 years and want to have a future together. He's caring, loving, passionate, smart, funny, silly, sociable, and more.   Though he's my best friend, we have been getting stuck in the parent/child dynamic; ex: when it's the 7th time he said he would start the laundry and I have to find a creative way to gently remind him of this without hearing "you're not my mom" or "THIS IS WHAT I MEAN ABOUT THE NAGGING!" I hate it. And after reading many of the posts on here,  I know I'm not alone. What has been fueling my resentment lately is the fact that I have to be so incredibly patient, flexible, and understanding when requesting anything from him, or having any sort of discussion. Meanwhile, if I unintentionally leave out details in my communication with him (?) or do anything that might disrupt or inconvenience him, I have to brace myself for the lashing out... snapping, 0-60, yelling. It's just not fair. And don't even get me started with the sleep difficulties :(   SO is able to acknowledge that this is his issue, not mine. But he'll apologize and swear up and down that he'll make changes, then later fall into the same patterns. He's on medication though this regimen hasn't been re-evaluated in many years (prescribed by PCP). Not in therapy and again he agrees this is necessary but I'm scared about the lack of follow through. I know there's no easy answers or magic wand I can wave to make this stop, but I'd love to hear any success stories or surprising improvements that you all may have experienced.   TDLR Rough week, looking for success stories  Thanks for reading :)   P.S. I'm the loser who just learned what TDLR stands for
a1c064f944cd784df4ec7cfc628ea0f53386fa6688e5fd44624fd50bd51b8121;;;Safe to take Adderall/Ritalin during pandemic?;;;Hello,  My partner has a very strong prescription for Adderall - 30mg IR. Since amphetamines harm the immune system, is it safe for him to take them during a time we need our immune systems as strong as possible?
910341cecba3b2ee3211da0eb844231dc0668f3d7f95f3a31e1d47ed9c5dcb5d;;;I Wish I had a success story to tell;;;During our entire 5.5 year relationship my girlfriend had undiagnosed ADHD until she was finally diagnosed a few months before it ended. I mentioned in passing a few different times that I think she might had ADHD after certain events but no actions were taken. I’m not resentful for that, but knowing ADHD was in the picture would have made all the difference. I would have been able to separate you from the symptoms… You didn’t lock us out all those times, your ADHD did. You didn’t mean to interrupt me when I was sharing something important, your ADHD did. You didn’t forget important things I told you, your ADHD did.  Our relationship started off rocky. There were a lot of intense fights but we persevered for so long and made so many memories together, good and bad. I think those early conflicts still did their damage and we never fully recover from them. I think your ADHD symptoms were more uncontrolled at the start. How could someone get so angry so quickly, yell at me at the top of their lungs and be over it so soon? Did I screw up that badly? Was it worth that huge fight or was it just ADHD and emotional dysregulation? I always tried to communicate you had a temper that was hurtful to me. I voiced that it would be more productive if you communicated issues you had in a serious tone so we can work together on it, rather than go straight to yelling at me.  I communicated my complaints such as your messy room multiple times and you said you'd get to it and improve. I took your word for it the first few times and believed you. Days turned into weeks and you never really got to it. When I'd bring it up again I was "nagging" and I’m sure I was but it hurt when I took your word only for there to be inaction. It felt like I was being lied to. Eventually, you became defensive and said the room wasn't messy even though others complained about it to me, unsolicited. You eventually went on the attack and said I wasn't organized myself either. I offered to help but you always rejected it. I felt like a parent, not a partner.  How should I have avoided being naggy when I take your word only for there to be no results?  I tried really, really hard to believe you every time you recalled something said or occurred as evidence during an argument we had. You forgot things I told you, but during an argument, you're 100% sure of critical events or things said. I tried to believe you and think I did most of the time, but credibility plays into the picture. Unfortunately, when you typically forget things or not follow through on your words, its hard for me to not see your credibility as damaged.   There was crying from you during every single argument. Sometimes understandably so, but other times over the smallest of things. For example, I tried to be open and honest by communicating things that bothered me in a level headed approach but even some of those attempts lead to tears. You said you didn’t mean to cry but how was I suppose to be able to feel free to communicate things with you and work as a team when so many non confrontational attempts led to tears. Crying during every argument eventually had a boy who cried wolf effect. Unfortunately, I think I became numb to it at times.  Understandably, you turned to your friends to vent and get advice when we had issues. I can’t help but feel like my perspective was adequately voiced. How could you tell an unbiased story when we were already at a disagreement to begin with and everything your friends hear is coming from you. They don’t know the entire story of what we’ve gone through in our relationship and past trama that might be exposed in this fight. They’re also your friends and I can’t help be think already on your side to begin with. I got along with most of your friends but knowing that one did not like me when I barely had interactions with her made it obvious she didn’t like me from things you were sharing with her. Maybe if she fully knew my perspective it would’ve helped her get a better understanding of what I was feeling. But I still acknowledge I was horrible at times. I’ve read that bad mouthing your partner to your friends and family is the silent killer of relationships. I agree.   I was not the greatest partner. I was angry, failed to show how much I loved and cared for you. Admittedly, sometimes my love got lost in middle of all the chaos, but it always came back. I became something I am not proud of and I am so sorry for some of the things I said and did. I should have treated you better. It was just so hard at times through the some chaos of our relationship. When things finally seemed to go well and we were both improving and happy, something negative would occur and a fight would ensue.  I just wanted an amazing and happy relationship with you but I guess that won’t happen now. You’ve grown so much better and unknowingly managed your ADHD symptoms when you weren’t even diagnosed and I’m so proud of you for that. Often I didn’t understand you and we just couldn’t seem to see eye to eye. Knowing you had ADHD would have changed all of that. In an effort to become a better partner, I spent hours and hours researching and reading books about ADHD as well as its symptoms. Looking back, I can see clearly it was the cause for so many issues we had and it would have been amazing to move forward with this knowledge in hand and improve our relationship together. It breaks my heart that’s not an option anymore. I've learned that diagnosis is the first step in improving an ADHD relationship, but as soon as we made that first step you wanted to end our relationship.   You were dealt cards that have some positives but also some negatives. It isn’t fair you have to go through life with those negatives and feel like you’re not good enough. You are stronger than so many people, myself included, for facing ADHD. I love you and I’m sorry for things I did. It’s a shame this didn’t work out. It’s been killing me everyday.     If you think you or your partner has ADHD, please get tested immediately. The knowledge alone will be eye opening and you two to finally begin to understand each other.
054fc94935e62fad8e739f97d8df63ec2a8b4a1f76060968cd7ba7be42036e32;;;should me (19f) and my ndx partner (21m) break up;;;i made a post yesterday w more info but im making a new post bc we're fighting again today  in just a couple days we'll be together for 4 years but recently we've been fighting a lot bc of his adhd symptoms n tendencies n idk im tired of fighting n crying should we just break up  i don't want to break things off as i love him very much and we're supposed to move in together sometime soon but do you think breaking up will benefit him? idk is this selfish? idk im crying as i type this lol
4820298046d90fb08caec850a7605d201dba3d36fbba6fad1693c5199db247d0;;;I’m struggling.;;;As much as I’m relieved finding out what has been going on (he most likely has ADD) with my NDX husband, it also makes me sad.  I’m with someone that has a problem.  Even though I’ve known something was wrong for years, it’s hitting me hard.  Can we make it?  Will he ever get help?  Can my suffering end?  Can his?  The road ahead feels even longer since making this discovery.
20e9195c71093c71b24abb83e1adfa7a5f68fc5fd630971178b907e8f5ce81eb;;;My (35F) fiance (34M - Diagnosed, on Meds) can't seem to "see" me;;;This year has been awful for so many reasons, but one of them for me has been that the constant togetherness with my (35F) fiance (34M - diagnosed, intermittent DX) has caused a bunch more friction in our relationship.  We are just... not coping well. We were engaged in March at the start of the pandemic after 2.5 years of being together, and we were doing really well for the first month or so. He even somehow got a freelance job during the pandemic (at my work, I helped him get it) that he could do remotely after a year of being unemployed.   Now, we just are arguing all the time. Fighting about stupid stuff like doing the dishes, keeping things tidy, how we address each other. He constantly argues with me about the "way" I talk to him and "If you had only said it this way..."  I have tried talking to him about my needs and wants a million different ways, always minding the RSD, but it's like he can't see or hear me - only what he expects to hear (criticism). He constantly wants to talk about his special interest and if I dont want to, he gets mopey. Our sex life is ziltch despite asking him to try harder, and doing what I can to initiate, etc. I've had strangers on planes express more interest in a 20 minute conversation with me than he has our whole relationship this last year, and I'm tired of setting my needs aside waiting for him to grow up!  I got him into couples therapy with me a few weeks ago (after a biiig argument) because I was at my wits end and really stressing about getting married when we are communicating so poorly. The therapist gave us this massage/intimacy homework that requires him to initiate and he doesn't want to do it. That was sort of the last straw..  So, I gave the ring back today. I told him I need to press pause while we figure out what to do. Now we're moving into separate bedrooms. I feel so guilty and scared that I am making a big mistake, but I don't know how to get through to him that I'm serious that we need big change... It's like we need to start over and get rid of all of our assumptions and preconceptions about the other person.   This is awful, and I am so so so sad. Is that common in ADHD where the person literally just can't empathize or recognize another's needs or perspective? I feel like I also have some ADHD symptoms with organization and time management, but I do so much to go out of my way to make sure others feel taken care of and considered. Why can't he do the same? Why is it always about him and his needs? Why can't he even try to repair out intimacy?
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;Announcement;;;I see a lot of frustrations floating around in the form of vent-posts, and they are most likely justified. Some of you are familiar here and have stated in the past why their frustrations are related to ADHD, so they don't need to re-introduce their circumstances everytime. However, I have noticed this tendency has been picked up by newcomers that leave us  guessing the relevance of their concerns to this ADHD focused subreddit.  Therefore the rules secxtion will have an addition:  \*\*I will ask you to make a brief statement in the beginning of your post wether your S.O./friend/relative has been diagnosed or not, just written as DX or NDX will do just fine.\*\*     In addition, we'll soon be rolling out a weekly vent-thread where you can write off your frustrations. This will be tested for a few weeks, with the intent to make room for a more constructive debate regarding our loved ones.
a31ac1f34478ab73eaa19af36ba596f96e13830728cd66afe369674a1a55e755;;;I was hoping meds would be a magical cure all and fix our marriage.;;;My husband (45) finally came to terms with is ADD a year ago. Our marriage has been in decline since we got married 5 years ago and when he agreed to try medication I was really hoping that all the pieces would fall into place.  He would be able to see when I was sick or sad. He would be able to think more than a day into the future and could save $$ for retirement and house repairs instead of spending everything and expecting me to save for all the un-fun things. I hoped he would start doing things around the house instead of looking at his phone 12 hours a day. Maybe he wouldn't talk over me every time I speak. We could plan a vacation together without him poo-pooing every decision every step of the way. We would be able to plan for ... anything.   But...yeah, I wouldn't be writing this if the fairy tail came true...The meds didn't have the impact and now he refuses to go back to the doc and ask for advice or try something different. He had stimulants as a child and refuses to even consider that meds/knowledge have changed in the last 30 years, so he tried a non-stimulant. I only had one shot, and it passed.  And so both of our worlds continue to rest on my shoulders. And no matter how seriously I tell him that our marriage is on the verge of ending, he does not comprehend it. (This wasn't a meds or else situation, more of a maybe meds can save us situation.)  I don't really have a direct question for everyone, just venting.  But I'd appreciate it if anyone can relate so I don't feel so alone.
5a93eaf760a635fed82c71261a114ac0263e7bfd5bd988814cfb4c93db9a164c;;;I just want a grownup relationship;;;Another evening where I'm trying to coordinate household stuff with my husband (because its 50/50 if I'll even see him when he gets home late if he passes out), he gets hypersensitive when I ask if he's looking up the date of something on his phone, tells me I'm pissing him off and storms out.  Knowing now that this is ADHD (untreated) makes it so much more emotional because it's NOT me. So I just sit in the room crying, a few minutes later he storms in to brush his teeth and accuse me of things I didnt say, I'm like "I'm asking for clarification, that's a valid thing to do" and he proceeds to berate me some more for simply asking (because I didnt pause long enough apparently between questions) and storms out.  Can I please have an adult relationship?!!! One where we can just discuss things, normal everyday things without him being in a "mood" that leads to a tantrum?  Whenever he cries, I immediately break down and apologize and try to make it better. But if I'm sitting here crying, he just storms in to bitch at me some more and then storm out. Like he's pissed that I'm crying, it just adds to the things that annoy him. Normally I hide it but tonight I didnt care.  I've been with him for 18 years, I have a jaded view that all relationships with me will be like this. Is it possible to just have a normal relationship that doesn't involve adult tantrums?!!
525c8089e638d331f341dafb34f1c2fe1eccfd33e921584c9326dfade830e4f1;;;How to talk to ADHD partner about behavior...am i being irrational?(long!);;;I (29/f) have been with my bf (26/dx) for 6 months now. Overall he is super amazing: very kind, supportive, smart, funny. I love being around him and I’m falling for him but a lot of his behavior (which I’m sure is ADHD induced) is starting to be off putting to me and I’m wondering how to go about addressing it with him so we can continue as a couple.  EMOTIONAL: He has irrationally lashed out a few times, to the point where I’m uncomfortable and honestly hurt.   The first time he ever did this was 4 mo. into our relationship. I was staying with him before he left for a family trip and he let me know that he didn’t clean his apartment and wanted some help. His apartment is often a mess, so i just come to expect it now and i also don’t really care—I’m overall non judgmental about people’s living spaces just because...it’s not mine so i can’t control what they do and i don’t mind helping clean up! So every time he’d bring it up I just tell him “this is your place, your rules” and I guess this night I said it one too many times because he goes “NO IM SICK OF YOU SAYING THAT! MY PLACE IS F*CKING GROSS AND YOU NEED TO SAY ITS GROSS”. Completely took me by surprise and  2 minutes later he was back to the sweet guy I fell for, loving on me and kissing me which made me confused. when I brought it up a short time later because he could see i was tense and wanted to leave he didn’t remember lashing out at all but felt so bad he was tearing up.   Now he lashes out at the smallest things (ex:me being comfortable in his bed—I’m fine but he thinks I’m not lol, unplugging a lamp when an outlet beside me was available and i didn’t know) and it makes me feel uncomfortable every time but also every time, he snaps right back to himself and seems to not recall being mean/snappy literal seconds ago.   CLEANING: like I said above his place is a MESS. Clothes and trash and other stuff piles up and he flip flops between freaking out and caring and straight up not caring. He’s in school, works, and has his hobbies that he is devoted to so I understand that he’s busy which is why I try to help out from time to time but I can never get it done because it’s a lot and gets overwhelming. He knows well enough to tell me his place is messy, but does nothing about it. Im not trying to mother him and beyond cleaning myself for him I do not know how else to go about it...  OVERALL COMMUNICATION/TIME: This bugged me more at the beginning. not as much now but I will go full days without hearing from him! Then I’ll tell him hey I have this day off, let’s hang out and will go a week without seeing him and when I ask what he had going on he says he does nothing but play his computer games all day or hung out with his friends—after I asked if we can hang out. I often feel like I’m not a priority to him but then he shows me other wise...  So what do I do? How do i tell him about these behaviors and how they affect me without making him feel bad? Im starting to think that he literally doesn’t realize it or maybe he does and doesn’t care—i don’t know. I am new to dating someone with ADHD and trying to navigate it without losing him or my mind in the process. If you read all of this, thanks! Lol
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;Can you understand why I’m extremely upset and why I reacted the way I did.;;;I posted this in the ldr community but no one replied and I really need advice.   So we are in a long distance relationship and so far Iv visited him twice. The last time I visited him the day before I left he would boast about how he needs to see me next in my country he has to come here he’d say. He hasn’t flown before so he was saying how he needs to get his passport and luggage the following week after I left as that’s when he gets paid.   So now 2 months down and he ran into money issues so all he could get was luggage. So this means he can’t see me as soon as he wanted to so it looks like I’d be seeing him maybe this winter. So I had a great idea! I asked him why don’t I come back to him mid October because his mom offered me to work with her so I could help saves and make money, spend time with him in the mean while and theeeen he could fly back with me to my country so he wouldn’t fly alone first time because he’s a procrastinator and I’m scared he’d get lost or lose something you know how it be. He’s not medicated soo yeahhh.    He said he’s think about it and speak to his mom. So last night I asked him what day in October would be good for him, and his reply was “no day, your not coming here this month or the next, I need to go to school and finish a course and I want to move out of my moms house”   So just a little info. Iv known him for nearly 2 years and from the start he’s told me he needs to go to school to finish a course. The first time I visited him I woke him up for school, he went the first day, came back and had home work, he didn’t do the home work or go back after that. And ever since when he would feel like his life isn’t going well he would keep saying he needs to go school to start a course that will help him get a job.    So anyway after he said that I went silent, my eyes just flooded with tears. Logically if he’s saying I can’t come see him because it’s not a good time and he’s trying to move out and go school he won’t have money to put a side to come see me. In my opinion going to school isn’t a good enough reason because 1 he never ends up going or 2 I’d never stop him from going because if I was there I’d be working. It’s a stupid excuse.     I got extremely upset so what ever came to my mind I blurted it out I was and still am upset. We just ended up shouting at each other because he couldn’t understand why I was upset he kept saying I was taking it over bored I’m acting like we’re not like not going to see each other again. But the fact is we won’t  for maybe a year if he’s saying I can’t come see him and logically you can’t save money to come see me and to move out with what money he gets.   He thinks he can, he keeps saying we will see each other again just not right now. I told him I can’t do ldr much longer if we only get to see each other once a year. The he just kept saying I don’t understand him and I do he just doesn’t understand my part or sound like he evens care. I ended up telling him to just fucking forget about me to move on and to not call me back. I was so heated. His brother told him to stop shouting so he said he’d talk to me later I told him not to call me back ever and he just said stop being silly he’s going to call me back then he ended the call.    So he didn’t end up calling me back it’s now the next day I’m 5 hours ahead of him so he’s just waking up now. I’m still hurt honestly I just don’t know what to do
394e556e0aeaf4302d2002b3110b14f359c0c6b5282902301d745ab2f9b10976;;;Advice on boundaries with ADHD partner;;;My M26 Dx unmediated partner and I have been dating a little over a year now. We hit it off fairly quickly and became an official couple. We haven’t had any major issues other than handling my anxiety and his adhd.   For context, he did not bring up his ADHD, which I respected. I had to ask about it, which he brushed off and said that almost everyone has adhd so it is no big deal. I agree that it does not need to be addressed all the time like a label on your forehead. He was diagnosed as a child and medicated as a youth until he decided to stop. But, we have had some difficulty with communication and intimacy. At times, I wonder if it is adhd or something else. He is very intelligent (almost gifted), disciplined with his work, task oriented, and generally very attentive to the relationship.   I am a NT who values emotional intimacy, trust, commitment, and fun. But sometimes I feel like I have to walk on egg shells because we communicate in different ways. He is insecure and needs constant reassurance of my loyalty and wants me to devote a lot of my energy to him. I’m a very independent and self motivated person and I feel like I’m with a child at times. We can’t have intimate conversations because it’s seriously not in his vocabulary. Sometimes I struggle with his robotic tone, when he stares into space for a long time when he’s uncomfortable with the conversation, his strange facial expressions, sharp tone of voice, and controlling behavior with food and budgets.   I feel like I’m going crazy at times trying to make him feel valued. The other day I made a comment that he took the wrong way, and it led to a whirlwind of emotional turmoil. He told me that I’m gaslighting him, I’m not. It’s like he jumps to conclusions and assumes the worst.   We always apologize after an argument,  and he cuddles with me to tell me that I’m important and he wants a further with me.  I want a future with him too. I love him, he is incredibly loving generous and sweet. He’s everything I want in a man, but I just want to understand his adhd and bring light to it. Sometimes I question if it asd, but I brought it up and it was a very ugly fight. I felt wrong for asking.  But damn, how am I supposed to cope when I have no idea (and he does not recognize) the extent that his adhd impacts the relationship. I know I’m not perfect myself, but I at least acknowledge my faults.  There are so many things that I’ve had to Reddit and google instead of ask him face to face. I really want to ask about his motor tics and try to understand why he does the things he does. Or maybe better put, I want to understand the neurological issues happening with him. I think that is fair for someone that I am about to move in with, someone that I might want to have kids with, someone I want to marry.  How do I bring up his adhd without hurting him? Does this get better over time? Am I signing myself up for something I cannot handle?
b6509cb8ffe9f81846339899de34aa60e3810e08e7b8b4cf06be9c4ba472dd1f;;;I want to talk to my Boyfriend about his ADHD;;;I'm the non ADHD partner and my boyfriend has been diagnosed with ADHD.   My boyfriend and I have been dating for 6 months now and things were going great during the first 3 months of the relationship. We used to spend a lot of time together and talk to eachother frequently.   But over time he stopped taking the initiative to text back, make plans and even talk and this made me feel extremely sad and frustrated. I didn't talk to him about this earlier because he was very stressed out about his exams and work and I felt that talking about these problems would make him feel even worse so I put it aside for later.   But overtime it just got worse and now I don't know how to bring it up. The thing is, I'm not sure if this has a lot to do with his ADHD and if so I don't know how to bring it up and talk to him about it. This is the first time both of us are in a relationship so all this is very new to us and I have a feeling that he isn't aware of his ADHD affecting it.   I really want to talk to him about it and sort things out because I love him a lot and care about him but I don't want this to hurt him... How do I go about it?
2d2c92fa04b06dd1b12c6ab208278e70515f41e244a66b5c7c7fbfd16e9b1a05;;;Advice about prodding?;;;So, the way my partner is, if he needs to do something (like get in the shower by 6, or leave for the store by 9, etc), I can tell him... and I remind him. But it is always me, prodding him for ages to get out of bed, or leave for the store. At some point (maybe around 5 reminders, and a time delay) it is nagging... which I hate to do. It stresses me out, it makes me crazy. And he’s not much of a fan, either ;)   But if I don’t prod him, he doesn’t do it.   How do you handle this type of thing? (I can’t just let him wake on his own- our toddler gets up, we have to start our day, we need to get out of the house by a certain time, etc- anything that I can let slide, I do)   I think my frustration is compounded by the fact that he has a high pressure job that I nearly ALL logistical handling of moving pieces being timed correctly... so he clearly can create and adhere to rigid time constraints in his career.   Thanks for any advice :)
7bf695d4cb6c08f61bbe5c2ae4bf2ed78743c49cf9fdcbf9be1e80ec7c65ef86;;;I (24f) love my boyfriend (23m) with ADHD so so much and I think I should break up with him :(;;;Tl;Dr: we have been together for 8 months, love him very much and really want to support him, but he has ADHD and I don't think he cares about me and only thinks he loves me because I take care of him. I think I should breakup with him :(  Hey everyone. I don't really know what I'm looking for by posting this but this community has been so supportive and wholesome when I've posted here before and I can think of no one else to turn to.   My boyfriend and I have been together for 8 months now and I love him very very much. This I'm sure of because I know how much I care about someone when I put their needs before mine. He says he loves me too but I think he only feels that way because I take care of him and do things for him. He has ADHD and it's been a uphill climb learning to adjust to that which , even now I'm so ready to do. But sometimes I feel like he doesn't really care about me. He's a geologist and he LOVES minerals. Love is an understatement. He is probably obsessed with it. He keeps talking about it and I listen to him for hours and I actually adore this little quirk of his. But when I wanna talk about something, he looks so disinterested at times. He is so bad at texting. I've made my peace with that but sometimes I text him because I'm upset or something and he doesn't reply. I don't even know how much he wants to be with me because we're going to have to do LDR in a few months. His love language is touch and quality time and mine is words of affirmation. I dunno how this would work. I feel like he never puts my needs first ever. I dunno if this is an ADHD thing or he's just like that. He's so loving and caring and affectionate when we're together and very very loyal but we're not going to always be next to each other. I love him and maybe he does too but love is alone not enough. I know this was rambling and I didn't say so many things here.  I'm just confused and sad. Did any of you go through this with your partners? If so, how did you get over it?
fc1a47517083634f333e9c3b860315ddd7251ecd65094aa978f2f443c39984ee;;;Does ADHD really make them THAT forgetful?;;;I recently found out my partner who had ADHD “forgot” to tell me he has been regularly texting several women which whom he slept with before we met. I had asked him four or five times if there was anyone he talks to that he has a history with, and he said no. I read the texts and they were not flirty or sexual at all. And he claims he just forgot to tell me or forgot he was even talking to them.   Is this really normal?   I love him and want to make it work, but I feel like he lied to me over and over again. It feels like he hid this from me. But he swears he just forgot to tell me.  We have only been together a few months.  TIA!
ac31a11084d41deca95d0664d7b6aeb03815919eddd808b032a82edfc1eeee41;;;Weekly Victory/Success Thread;;;Living with ADHD requires a lot of hard work, endurance and trial and error in our relationships.  Maybe you have agreed on a new "to-do list" and it works, a new medication or therapy is working as intended, or the laundry has been done in a timely manner etc. Here is where we celebrate the victories no matter how small.
41020b7dca63018f86033fa60643639a43feb6d09dbd006f40f8711241baa48f;;;First time posting-ADHD partner having different emotional standards for himself?;;;Hey everyone.. I (Female 27) found this thread through an exorbitant amount of ADHD research (I swear I could have a PhD at this point). I've been with my partner (male, 30) for just over a year. Love him dearly, and by most accounts he's pretty amazing.. the issues I have are when negative emotions get involved. For instance, he talks to me about something that's happened to him, and it effected him negatively (for arguments sake, let's say it was my fault). Naturally, im quick to apologize for making him feel some type of way. Explain my intentions etc. Sometimes its smoothes over and sometimes those hurt angry feelings persist for hours...over something incredibly small(to me, my friends and my family). So the reaction is disproportionate. Which i understand is part of the ADHD. Ive learned to work through those with him.. My heart breaks a little each time my feelings get hurt, and I do not receive the same level of respect or sincerity. If he thinks its a "non factor" he will get upset with me for being upset over something "small". Of course it doesn't feel small to me, but then the discussion of "my feelings are hurt" turns into my apologizing for upsetting him and making things weird. Now I know what you're going to say- he sounds like a jerk... however, this isn't always the case. Sometimes if my hurt feelings make sense to him, he apologizes and understands. Its only when things don't make sense to him- he gets irritated. My question is, has anyone else gone through this? Explaining that it might not make sense to you, but my heart still hurts, doesn't work. It's still an "attack" on him or making something bigger than what it is..  I feel as though he expects and needs me to be very understanding of his emotions and how he feels, despite them not making any sense... but I dont always get the same in return if he doesn't deem it as something worth being upset over.  Sorry for the long post, I really appreciate it. If anyone has additional resources for ADHD or ADHD partners please post them below. Yes I love him, yes hes difficult to be with sometimes.. but no, leaving is not an option.  Also please DM if you're in similar situation.. id love to pick some brains. Thanks ❤
076034fdba2cc15eda4b1822430918919142de1ccaacc19db1ef307503384bd3;;;Advice needed on dealing with degradation of romance;;;I am hoping to find advice as to how to maintain a healthy relationship with an ADHD partner. My ex boyfriend of 2 1/2 years and I have decided to break up this past week to figure out what we both want. We both have mental illnesses and have been upfront with that, however with his ADHD, we never really discussed it as he has always kind have been like "I have ADHD, i'm quirky and that's just me". He has been diagnosed since he was a child, but had not really looked into the differences of how ADHD manifests in adults versus children and in turn, did not realize how some of his behaviours are intrinsically linked to his ADHD.   I have over the past few months have felt more and more like his mother than his partner. His constant forgetfulness and lack of ambition and my irritability over these traits have caused us to get into this parent-child dynamic, where I feel like I am always monitoring and reminding him to do certain things, and this has become exhausting. In turn, he feels ashamed when I constantly remind him to do things, and when he forgets or does not get around to it, he feels as though he has let me down/is a failure. He also gets very excited when in a good mood and can be very loud, especially when we are out in public, and this never used to bother me, but started to once I had started to feel like his parent. I would like to mention, we never fight, we have discussions and even though we are frustrated, we have never been disrespectful to one another.   I thought that we had just become incompatible until i started to research how non-ADHD and ADHD partners can have issues in relationships and it was quite spot on for how we were both feeling. When I mentioned it to him, and he looked into it we realized that many of our problems were linked to his ADHD, and our collective lack of understanding. He feels ashamed that he has not looked into how his ADHD has changed in his adulthood, and does not know if he can get past me feeling like his parent. I don't know if i can get past feeling like his parent and if we can rekindle our romantic relationship. If anyone has managed to rekindle a romantic relationship, or has any tips on even maintaining a relationship I would be very grateful. Regardless of if this information is used in my relationship with him, I know that it will be beneficial in his next relationship and I just want the best for him.
0bb7b73a351f2d6ae5781ddefaf797e0d6535e6a47f2710360bc0b25953a92ef;;;Irrational's if his sleep is disturbed;;;My husband becomes crazy mad if his sleep has to be disturbed. It's becoming a huge problem because he continually needs more sleep and therefore nothing gets done around the house. I let  It go as long as possible then something happens like shit falls down and hits me or the dog, and that is my last straw and I either start throwing out all his stuff or launch angry tirade. I am not like this with any other person and I hate being this way. Bottom line is that his need for sleep trumps everything reading my personal safety and I can't get in to see it being a problem.  We are having a hard time finding a marriage counselor you also does ADHD. We both Strongly believe in a lifetime commitment but somethings gotta change or we living in separate places.
14a0ddef55acbc045fad3f510aa923f3a5b6852f22f2a3e816715209256a3157;;;Don't want to give an ultimatum but can't marry him like this.;;;TL;DR: Need him to actually take steps to help himself before I totally commit to a life with him. Not sure how to express this in a non-toxic way - maybe it is toxic.   My (31f) boyfriend (35m) of 2.5years recently came to the realisation that he may have ADHD. FYI, our hustory: We dated for 3 years in uni/20s - broke up. He was then engaged to someone else, they have a child (5m) but that fell apart for some wild reasons (another story for another day).  He is undiagnosed, but he cried when he started looking into ADHD and felt grief over lost time and not knowing sooner. He struggles with attention and focus, many projects started and left unfinished. Took him 12 years and 5 different schools to obtain his degree, but was an academic star in high school (problems with structure? New to this). I am really proud that he kept pushing but when I look back to those early years it is very clear what he was struggling with. People often tell him that they expect so much more from him, that they've always been excited to see what he does with his life. It is depressing for him at times.  His life right now has become quite overwhelming and he lost his mother suddenly 10 months ago, so he is really going through it. He has been "going through  it" for a long time tbh, and I try to support him as best as I can.   He is very intelligent and creative, has an entrepreneurial mindset but unfortunately lack of organisation / follow through etc has meant many  fantastic ideas have never been executed. Therefore he is in an absolute mess financially. He lacks serious debt though, but he has some important obligations he is not taking care of and struggles with rent, child support.   He wants to get married. I love him very much and he has made me into a much better person too - more creative, more confident and he is just great to be around. He isn't defensive. He is always striving. However now seeing things throught the adhd framework, and reading these posts, I really don't know if I should choose this life for myself. I have been very ill for 18 months (but recovering!) And during that time I have been the breadwinner. It doesn't feel good to be honest - I'm not sure why. I guess things feel one sided. We have talked about him giving more attention and being more present etc. I guess i feel like I have to fight to get what I want / need from the relationshop whilst he depends on me. As a relationship when we are always hoping, working and striving for better it seemed bearable. But looking at in terms of marriage, it all feels more serious and I am not sure if I will be able to cope, or be ok with myself making this decision for my life.   He has not sought any treatment, instead focusing on his projects to hopefully yield enough income  to get his life back on track. But it seems the wrong way - he needs to manage his symptoms and learn new behaviours and strategies in order to achieve. I want to tell him that I can't consider us moving forward until he really focuses on this. I feel he won't progress until he does address adhd.  How do I say this in a way that is inspiring, not criticising??? Am I bad person? Maybe I am not tolerant enough?
468e0c36662250be59ce0a644104ec779e040187a74ac4873b8a8b76c1b8790a;;;My (27F) NT partner struggles to understand my ADHD.;;;My partner and I have been together \~6 yrs and, on the whole, have a great relationship. He encouraged me to get into therapy (I have an emotionally abusive parent) 5 yrs ago and is generally very supportive.     I’m supportive of him, too (I hope I am anyway) but even before my DX, there was a definite imbalance in who needed more support &amp; understanding. He is a shockingly stable (NT, we assume) guy. He has his off days and struggles somewhat with talking abt his emotions, but in addition to being unusually diligent and organized, he’s also maybe the least insecure person I’ve ever met.     Which may be part of the issue. He assumes everyone else is as secure &amp; NT as he is. Because of that, he has a hard time understanding when others struggle with insecurity, mood disregulation, or time blindness, or disorganization. B/c of this, he often winds up hurting my feelings — even when he’s trying to do the opposite.     This isn’t helped by the fact that I can really blow up during our fights (yelling &amp; throwing things — my phone mostly — but never physical, no one lays hands). If he even senses this is about to happen, he almost immediately stonewalls with silence and one-word responses (which pretty much guarantees an angry reaction from me).     And though, we circle back after things calm down and I think I’ve done okay in communicating what might help me navigate my ADHD and mitigate these big emotional storms (also doing my own solo work in therapy fwiw)... he doesn’t quite get it.     A couple examples:     \+I’ve asked him to stop correcting me on semantics or generalizations if he understands what I mean. If I say, “There’s never anything good on Netflix,” he’ll come back with “Not never,” and then three examples of why I’m wrong.     \+I’ve asked him to stop refuting me outright when I get into a self-loathing spiral. Idk why but it really bothers me when I say “I’m such an idiot,” and he responds “No, you’re not.” I’ve given him some other responses, like saying “I don’t think you’re an idiot for XYZ,” or “It’s okay that you did X. We could fix it by doing Y or we can just leave it to take care of tomorrow,” or “I don’t think doing X makes anyone an idiot, it makes sense that Y” or “I don’t think of you that way, but I understand you’re feeling low. Do you want space or solutions?”     \+Dishes in the sink and dish Tetris. This one is daily. More than like one or two dishes in the sink throws me off big-time and I’ve asked him to just put \*a couple\* more of his dishes into the washer right away...just to get the sheer number I feel like I have to do before I can cook or make coffee. Same thing with the dishwasher. I have a specific way of putting things in so they all fit that he thinks is ridiculous. Which fine, it is — but he throws the dishes in all willy-nilly and makes it really really hard to unload. I usually wind up taking everything out and reloading all over which adds more time before I can do the task I’m in the damn kitchen for (like heating up leftovers for lunch).     \+Organizing. We’ve got a lot of stuff and not very much space and ofc, every other month I get frustrated b/c I can’t find the bandaids so I take everything out from under the bed or the bathroom sink or the closet and reorganize (I try to limit it to one at a time, but y’know... it’s often a disaster zone). He hates that so I’ve put it to him that then he needs to come up with a better system that we can stick to... but he’s not interested in doing that either.     \+When I first got DX’d, I told him about what I was learning about myself and the different ways I was trying to approach things... he listened and made the right noises of support, but eventually admitted he didn’t really get it. Since then, I’ve asked him to look for resources and support for better understanding ADHD on his own — often we just need to hear things from an outsider’s perspective for them to sink in — but he hasn’t. He says he will, but...     He’s just really slow to change. He says he wants to help, he understands what he needs to do, he just needs time. But... it’s been two years since my DX and... I don’t expect him to be perfect immediately (or ever). It makes me sad that he doesn’t really seem to do much beyond nodding his head when I explain that XYZ would help me b/c this is how my brain works.     Maybe I’m being unreasonable, but I don’t think I am... I’m not asking him to do all the cooking and cleaning or schedule appts and remember things for me. I just want to feel like I don’t have to handle this aspect\*\* of myself all on my own.     Anyway, I’d love to hear abt your experiences with this — how long it took to figure out your role with your partner’s ADHD, helpful boundaries, other ways to approach explaining ADHD to an NT partner.     Also, any resources I could share with him would be much appreciated.     TL;DR: my NT partner — tho generally supportive — struggles to understand &amp; respond to my ADHD, even when I try to communicate with him. It causes arguments where sometimes I yell &amp; throw my phone (not at him). Tips, shared experiences, resources would be appreciated.     (\*\*Obviously also I feel very guilty for being this way in the first place, which really does not help with the emotional disregulation. I’m working on it a lot in therapy.)
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Packing to move with an ADHD partner and losing my cool;;;We're moving house tomorrow and today is it for packing. What's partner doing right now? Having a cup of coffee while he waits for something to dry before he can vacuum it. Nothing else during that time, just sitting.   What am I doing? Cleared out and packed four rooms, organized the movers, done the paperwork and found the new place, pet care, cleaning, and trying my hardest not to yell at my partner.  He's done some heavy lifting and made some trips to deal with things, but I feel like I've been going nonstop and stressed over this move while he's taken two weeks to not finish the only two rooms he needs to do, since they're his things in them. He hasn't yet begun to pack his clothing or shoes, his bathroom, or the closets.   He'll stay up til dawn doing this stuff and then the next day wants to take a nap. I told him I'm going to bed early tonight to get up early for the movers but I know that he will still be doing things until 3 in the morning (and none of it will be done to completion).   I'm at the end of my rope and as soon as I bring that to him, he gets hurt and tells me we have different ways of doing things. Yes, I think to myself. I do things while you have coffee.  I'm so frustrated and I feel like I can't get him motivated at all.
def39e6fa6adf28ce1fa5856a4b4c51fb8485f2843cfdad7e12d8af63856ab44;;;Husband (DX) is sooo demanding;;;Sometimes it feels like my husband expects me to be a superhuman who doesn’t have normal weaknesses, especially when it comes to his needs / expectations for our relationship (e.g. his sexual desires, me keeping promises i make exactly as i said 100%, keeping to our agreed savings strategy, maintaining a healthy diet)... to a point where i feel massive pressure...  and i am not sure how much or if at all that is ADHD related...  1) I feel like he focusses extremely on some of his needs and gets really emotional about them, getting super intense about it (outbursts, nightmares, desperation) ... often kind of either implicitly blaming me for not fulfilling them or blaming himself for needing them  2) He passive-aggressively makes me feel really pressured and stressed to be good enough, he doesn’t consciously do it, but it’s very real to me  3) he often lacks empathy to my situation and emotions in situations where i disappoint his expectations   Do you guys have experience with this sort of issues?
4773e3d5162ee39ccd933719ee33f30428aaded34087a146686415360f61ac20;;;TW: Suicidal Ideation and Severe Mood Swings - What do I do?;;;My DX'd, 40's, beginner medicated (see post history) spouse is having suicidal ideation and severe mood swings. I don't know what to do or how to handle it other than what I'm already doing.   SO says he has been "this way" his entire life but would never actually do it. He told me this as he was observing exposed rafters in the garage and it really freaked me out. As someone who has depression and anxiety, I have also struggled in times of great depression. But I also see my doctor regularly, have upped my doses of medications, do therapy, work on myself, etc. I'm in charge of my mental health and it's my job to say "this isn't working" and to reach out to my doctor and therapists and look at my sleep, diet, etc. and make changes.   I'm already overwhelmed with what feels like a lifetime of ADHD behaviors with SO. I'm overwhelmed with the marriage as it is. I do not enable his thoughts but I do suggest he talk to his therapist or his doctor, offer information about comorbid conditions or maybe a different medication or going beyond his starter dose of meds now but I tell him he is in charge of making the life he wants and that starts with asking for help, being self-aware, and changes.   The thing is: SO is so incredibly up and down recently.  Thinking back, he has always been very swingy with his moods. He tries very hard to just be the good, friendly guy that everyone likes. But he is aggressive and controlling, especially in situations where he perceives he has no control. He has been quicker lately to snap at me or if one of our pets does something he doesn't like (cats putting claws into him while cuddling/making biscuits, our spoiled cat head butting him for loves, dog licks him, etc) he will literally push the animal and the look on his face changes and it is scary. I won't minimize it - he looks like a different person. I called him out on the behavior because fuck you if you do shit like this, and he defended the behavior.   SO does not like our daughter's boyfriend simply for the fact that he is our daughter's boyfriend. Good kid. 17. About what you'd expect for a 17 yo boy so I'm unbothered. He spends a lot of time at our home and he is very good to our daughter and they are friends and have a lot of respect for one another, which to me is great! But my SO FREAKS out when the boyfriend is here. Doesn't want him around. Doesn't like him. And says he can't control the situation so "whatever". I mean - the kids play computer games and video games and go to eat and watch movies. They aren't drinking, doing drugs, etc. But nope - SO cannot control the situation so he gets unreasonably angry when the kid is around and compartmentalizes mostly.   With all of this, what I find most interesting, is that when we were in marriage counseling several months ago, SO told the therapists about my past suicidal ideation and the one time I tripped over the dog and yelled at the dog on a particularly bad day - but embellished it. Like he couldn't find anything to say about me negatively within the past several months since he had been cheating, so he took past events and made them relevant to the current issues and how he was so concerned. I admitted to my issues straight away and addressed them then and there but made his embellishments known and took my issues back to individual therapy to talk about. It's like he weaponized my mental health when he felt defenseless in a situation he caused and when he couldn't control the facts, he needed to weaponize something against me.   Now...here we are. It's been 48 hrs since he expressed his depression and ideation. I don't know what to do to help. Do I call his therapist and tell him what SO is telling me? Do I contact his boss (particularly hard industry to be in now due to COVID - front line worker) and ask if he can help or if there's anything he can do? I feel like, as a spouse, I've said to him that he needs to take responsibility for his feelings and contact his prescribing physician and therapist but I know he will not do that. As I told him, these people aren't mind readers and unless you say "I NEED MORE/DIFFERENT HELP" and unless you're being honest in therapy then you'll keep getting what you've got.   SO says he doesn't deserve to feel better or be happy. I completely empathize with him, but at the same time he has to take steps himself. My empathy tank with ADHD is just bone dry...but his behaviors and ideation are definitely concerning to me. Like he needs to not be working the job he works with his current mindset.   What happens when he can't control the aggression or ideation any longer? I don't know what to do.
095700cc4fd9707483fe462830b961115fca8ffbb7a98900fdd5bf63904acf91;;;I get anxiety when my partner makes like life/future decisions for us. (trigger warning);;;My partner and I are just entering adulthood. I never really had much of a plan for my adult life. I knew I wanted my own apartment and things like that, but there was never much planning beyond that. My world was flipped upside down when we got the sudden and shocking news that we were expecting a child in our lives. I haven't even kept a job for more than a month in a half and now I'm having to provide for another tiny human. After a patient sit down with my partner we decided that it wasn't the right time to bring a child into our lives, let alone twins. We decided to focus on at least getting an apartment together because at the moment we're still living with my parents. I'm madly in love with my partner. We have our rocky moments but this is literally the person I can see myself growing old with. After being with them for a year and a half I'm comfortable with them, you know? I'm just not always comfortable with their life decisions especially when they involve me. I feel that a lot of their decisions are "f\*ck it decision" irrational and risky af. I like making my decisions slowly and with tremendous amounts of thought. I want to move out of my family home but I get anxiety putting myself in that type of responsibility. Especially when I don't have full control in decisions. Anyways... I need advice. How do I take this leap? I hate being dependent on people because there's always that "what if....".
035c8bb9ff18f94a023ca5aa3df68e694da686617943df25361f68d55f5f5376;;;Hi folks. Girlfriend recently 'diagnosed' with ADHD. Help me shift some perspective?;;;Hi folks.  My SO has always been forgetful and flighty. I'm not sure if it's gotten worse, or if over time I've just noticed it more, but over the past so many months it's been a source of super frustration for me. It's lead me to feel like her parent, and that's a nasty relationship dynamic to have. What used to be pretty cute and quirky is now just ... annoying. And unattractive, unfortunately...  We were having a talk and ADHD came up and about how she's never been officially diagnosed. A talk with her mom actually put that one to rest -- they knew she had ADHD as a kid and tried their best with what they had to accommodate. She's never been on medication for it, and has largely gone through life without giving it any thought at all ... until recently. She's talked to her therapist about it and is currently reading up on some literature (as am I), but that's about it at the moment.  Back to the aforementioned frustration, though. I need to get back to square one with her and the relationship, because at the moment I'm so heavily skewed towards feeling like some sort of parent/guardian. Making sure plans are known, constantly reminding her about things, having to clean up a ton, asking many times before getting answers -- list goes on. I've talked with her about many of these, and when nothing changes after a couple conversations I feel stuck between a) continuing my behavior and resenting her, or b) saying "fuck it" and allowing myself to get disappointed when inevitably the very thing I was worried would happen ... happens. I feel like either option just makes me remove myself even more and it's starting to feel just awful.  Any ideas?
447217d2eaa7933fd978c9f5aaf4ebed1aa6da89e88e34fd3af5b8b0bcdec691;;;Having a rough day / night;;;Adhd partner was derisive, short-tempered because I want him to fix a plumbing issue we're having, but by investigating and understanding whatever we can first rather than asking a friend to come help (the friend is not particularly a plumbing-knowledgeable person, and has said so, but is also willing to help because my partner had helped him with something that said partner IS knowledgeable about). I just don't think it's appropriate to treat him as a reference for this after he's said what he did.  Regardlesss, I then lost it after two more rounds of insolence in response to my repeated explanations of what I mean, certainly up for discussion, and trying to slow it down and askING him to really listen to what I'm saying rather than roll his eyes and act offended. he translated my implied "criticism" in his insult machine as that I just don't want him to fix the problem and I'm getting in his way. As I said I absolutely lost it, stomped and shouted. Thesummary was ridiculously reductive and ignored absolutely what i was saying. HIS temper, then his dismissal and angry defensive woundedness often leaves me struggling alone in misery while I manage my own sense of wounded injustice, uch. But since I lost it at him instead, he's now been "sleeping" for 12+ hours. Hasn't come down for food all day. There will be no resolution until I go to him and comfort him and I just can't fucking do it. I'm so sick of it, even for peace I just can't fucking do it today. He'll get up in the morning and either say something referencing an unfortunate situation, but that isn't really apologetic, or he'll wait till after work, or he'll just simply ignore me until I say something to him. Days like these, and they're pretty often, make any goals or happiness I hope for feel so far away, if not impossible. So I'll be sleepless on the couch tonight watching crappy Netflix shows until I exhaust myself by 4am and fall asleep here. I want to make things right because I just want some human comfort, but I don't at all want to offer an olive branch. I feel i should apologize for my furious response to his initial shittiness to feel like a good person, but I just feel so cheated and prideful i guess, and bitter and depressed, I feel right now that i just can't be the one who resolves everything. I feelexhausted from trying to be perfectly behaved in response to his irrationality and irritability, which, truthfully i often tremendously fail at. So I'm just crying about it and feeling hopeless.
17a5509ebfbbd6685dd54cf378e7cc216be3c2c2e4abe07531ae88482f605f93;;;How to deal with partner going through phases of giving attention;;;My partner of over two years is currently trying to get a diagnosis for ADHD. The symptoms they do experience (poor time management, sleeping issues, depression, inability to complete tasks) are severe. In our relationship they are a caring person. However it feels like they will go through phases of enjoying being with me. for a couple months they will be talking to me all day and making an effort to be with me and love me. Two months later it’s like they’ve slowly lost interest and put me on the back burner of their life, and I have to struggle to even start conversations with them and it usually leads to a fight/ potential breakup because they don’t understand how ignored I feel. Then with time their regular loving self always comes back. Does anyone know if this distance is an ADHD symptom? I have no experience with it so I was wondering if this could partially be tied in to their likely ADHD or is this me trying to find an excuse for a major relationship flaw?
ae89ab6c829dc28b4d0b3da1f604c48322e53dcc70a7ad23b1f2e8a315f748ea;;;I'm not sure how to help my ADHD partner and our relationship;;;My M(22) partner NB(dx, medicated 24) and I have been together over 3 years now and their ADHD has been a constant source of stress on our relationship. At this time I'm working full time in a highly stressful job and I take community college classes part time. On top of that I find myself taking care of all the household chores. I remind them multiple times a day and have tried helping them come up with a weekly schedule which they dont stick to. Currently we are staying at their parents house "temporarily" while they find a job so I'm not only cleaning up after myself and my partner but also my partner's parents!  My partner has been fired mutliple times and now they have been without a job since February and of course the pandemic doesn't help. They have no car since it was taken back by their parents due to non payment so they have to use mine. They haven't been job hunting as much as they should be and have only gotten a few interviews since being fired.  They are currently behind on college classes. My partner insisted on taking classes full time even though I warned them they have failed many classes in the past with just a part time schedule and I need them to have a job so we can get a place together not to mention college classes are extremely expensive. I love them dearly and we want to live together and get married but I feel like I am in a relationship with a child. I have given a lot of patience and effort into this relationship but as a 22 yr old I feel like I am too young to be taking care of an adult. The kind of life I want is one that is responsible and organized and independent (aka not living with parents!) I want to buy a house, get married and have kids some day. My partner has made it clear that they want that with me but we are at a loss at what to do and I feel stuck and used. They are willing to seek treatment and they have recently gone on meds but without a job they dont have enough money to go to regular therapy sessions.   I'm at my wits end and I dont know how to help them! I need a partner who has a job and helps with the chores are there any methods for managing adhd that we can try? how can I help them keep track of their homework, chores, and job hunting?  tldr: I bust my ass working full time, handling the chores, and going to college while my adhd partner is unemployed, forgets all the chores and doesnt finish their hw. what do I do?
7438a6840937316647132d28399709d0ee9fd9335e6a5e32ee0b6566f4000f75;;;My ADHD boyfriend breaks up with me every four months;;;    My boyfriend (52, diagnosed, unmedicated) has ADHD caused by a chromosomal disorder called Klinefelter’s Syndrome. The disorder wasn’t diagnosed until he was in his early 30’s and having trouble conceiving with his ex-wife. I had no idea how ADHD could manifest in an adult when he told me about it the night we met. He is very neat, clean, and organized and is a partner in a successful business, so obvious signs were missing in the beginning. I don’t lift a finger to cook or clean when I’m at his apartment as he enjoys doing everything. He is never late and in fact is often early. His credit is impeccable.  His symptoms manifest as repeating stories 5 or 10 times, impatience, poor driving, overeating (he needs to lose 50 pounds), dermatophagia (eating the skin on his fingers), and phone and TV addiction. He can’t sit still during a conversation or focus on one subject for very long. He falls for every conspiracy theory he sees on Facebook. He did poorly in school as a child. He’s hypersexual but that’s fine because I am too.  We’re in this cycle that seems to repeat every four months. He’s attentive, involved, loving, and responsive for three months, starts to disengage and seem distracted, then we argue, and he breaks up with me around the four-month mark. He just broke up with me during an argument for the third time in a year. Dropped all my things off to my apt the next day and cried when I said goodbye. Literally by the time he was driving away he was texting me that he loved me and was very sad. By the next day (yesterday) he was texting that he needed to see me, is in love with me, and is miserable. This is exactly what happened last time, except this time I don’t believe that anything has changed. I fully expect that the cycle will repeat if I let it.   I can pinpoint the exact moment when the decline began this time. I walked into his apartment and he didn’t look up from his phone for half an hour except to give me a quick kiss. I knew then that he was back in full distracted ADHD mode and it was only a matter of time before I started feeling neglected and forgotten. And sure enough, two days ago the argument happened, and he ended it. It’s as if he has to break up with me periodically to remind his brain that he loves me and make me new again. To create a false honeymoon period. I’ve talked to him ad nauseum about getting medicated, but he took half an Adderall once and it kept him awake for two days and he couldn’t eat. He’s very resistant to trying it again.  This time I’m going to give him an ultimatum — see a doctor, get medicated, or I can’t continue. He’s vehemently opposed to therapy after being forced into it by an ex-girlfriend. I read conflicting things about medication. Some articles and studies say it can almost normalize executive functioning, but then I read subs like this that make it sound as if meds do little except to help improve focus at work. He doesn’t have that problem. He has problems focusing on relationships and remembering what I say and why we’re together. It’s difficult to go deeper emotionally when you can’t remember all the little intimacies and connections between you. It’s impossible to build on inconsistency and lack of reliability.  Is it even worth trying medication? Has anyone else experienced this kind of cyclical conflict in an ADHD relationship? I know he loves me and if I leave it would crush him. But the toll this is taking on my emotional health is too great. I can’t do it anymore. Thank you for any advice or experiences you can share.
e3683be88d6790f2dbac152810e8802d5a8ee13f69ba400ab355a97ab549750b;;;book or article recommendations;;;i'm almost finished reading The ADHD Affect on Marriage and am finding I (the adhd partner) relate more to the non-adhd person often described in the book.  In the book, the non-adhd person picks up all the slack, does more than their share, has everything shoved in their direction, is expected to take the lead on everthing and make sure all the moving parts keep moving. Because I am a stay at home mom, its been accepted that all this stuff should fall to me. As I am reading along all I can think is, if the non-adhd person in the relationship feels overwhelmed by having to take on all this responsibility, imagine being in the same position but having adhd. I constantly feel like I'm drowning and I have started the dialog with my spouse about it, but we need more. i am going to ask him to read the book, because surely there are many challenges he faces being married to me, and the book does a good job recognizing the struggles of the non-adhd partner. But man, I sure would like to find something that illustrates the challenges adhd partners face because of their non-adhd partner behaviors and responses. If anyone has and books, articles, etc i would appreciate you sharing your recommendations.
e6e2992041c73987a929ebf564d93bfebd2b5bdca9d5bd4955b05045f9c7c190;;;Will it always be like this?;;;My fiance has pretty severe ADHD, and he is currently not on medication. He says it makes him feel like a zombie, he has a low sex drive, and no appetite. Recently we have been having some pretty big problems and he has told me he will go back on medication but he has yet to even make an appointment with a doctor. I feel as though our issues are all pretty normal for those in an adhd relationship. He is extremely forgetful, to the point where I feel like if I don't take responsibility for all major tasks, he will drop the ball. This month he forgot to lower the payment on our credit card bill and we over-drafted our account by thousands.  I have to make sure the kids get their homework done or limit their screen time, because he won't. He usually plays games on his phone with the kids and will continue that all day long unless I remind him that screen time should be limited and isn't good for the kids. He is extremely messy, where I feel like if I am constantly cleaning up after him more than I am his two kids. But also, I am doing most of the cleaning up after his two kids. He leaves kitchen cabinets wide open, dirty socks everywhere, random papers on counter tops for months if I don't do something with them,  and he has more random junk all over the house than anyone else I know.  It doesn't matter how many times he cleans up the area next to his bed, the next day there will be a new mess. He literally has never done a chore without me asking him first. He has problems with listening, or even having a basic conversation and giving non-verbal cues or responding to what I say.  He has a temper, and when he he doesn't get his way he can be extremely abusive. Mostly verbally, but we have had one physical altercation where he pushed me back onto the bed when I tried to get up and leave the room.   I know a lot of this has to do with his ADHD, and perhaps a lot of it will become better with therapy/medication, but I can't help but feel like our entire relationship is me catering to him and basically being his mother more so than his partner. There isn't any room for any other aspect of our relationship because we are constantly dealing with this. I want to feel like I have a partner, someone that I can count on, someone that holds me up sometimes if I need it. But right now I don't have that because he needs constant holding up. I love him very much and I do want to marry him, but I am also very fearful for the future. Am I being fair? Any advice would be so much appreciated.
55927ce81487e44549f285ed7e935ea0af896dbeca309d3430030745f593f334;;;ADHD spouse is out of work but... is that better than hating work?;;;My ADHD partner has been out of work for a few months (not virus-related, just a lay off due to business) and since I make the most between us and my job is stable, we're ok that he's not working. It's not great, we can't pay down our debts as much as I want to, but it's steady. He's getting unemployment but it's about a quarter of his paycheck was, per week. It helps, but no one could live on that.  The problem is that this can't go on forever. When things get back to normal he needs to get back to working, but I dread what will happen because I know how bored and antsy he gets going to work every day. As soon as he loses interest, the clock will start ticking until he'll want to quit and move on. I know this because he does this with everything else. He thinks he has to love what he does with all of the passion (when most of us just work a job). When we met, he had a job he liked and that was his job until recently so I've never seen him go through a search or go through a bunch of jobs, I just know that it will probably happen because of how many problems he finds with employers or offices or coworkers or routine.  I manage our money so I know that we're ok for now, but he's not pulling his weight around the house even with to do lists and a calendar. We talk about it but it doesn't happen. Whenever he tries to go grocery or supplies shopping while I'm working, he spends SO MUCH MORE than he has to (and knows it but can't stop). So basically, I can't rely on him to run errands or do stuff because of what comes along with that and since I'm busy working all day I can't really do it either.  So eventually he has to go back to work but his being out of work right now is the devil I know vs. the devil I don't (a new job). What to do?
36a31d815fb0ca2eb7e694b12417dc6b4655b74e36887a22cafc2eca9ee57ef6;;;Her ADHD is tearing our marriage apart...;;;ME - non adhd MY WIFE - DX, currently off meds due to losing health insurance, but was on meds for the last year or so.  To start this off, I love my wife.  I feel horrible writing this, but i have to let my frustrations out or they are going to explode.  I have been with my wife for the last 8 years, since our early 20's.  We got married after a year of dating, and we have no kids.  I just.... I'm at the end of my rope.  She fixates intensely on a TV show, or scrolling through her phone for literally hours, while I sit at the other end of the couch - just staring off in silence.  Silence is easier than asking her "whatcha watchin?"  or "that sounds funny!  what happened?"  each time, I'm met with "just a stupid video."  and then she goes back to her phone.  I'm done trying.  She's been laid off because of covid since early april, and just found out her job no longer exists at her old workplace (they couldn't afford to keep her on payroll after the hit the business took) so now she's all defeated and depressed and doesn't have any idea of where or what shes going to do next.  I'm still working my 9-5 mon-fri and every night I come home to a dirty house while she's just sitting on the couch gaming or watching more stupid videos on her phone.  I swear she doesn't do a damn thing all day long.  The dogs are going crazy because she won't take them for a walk during the day.  She always says she will, and that she wants to get better about it, but nothing ever changes.  I finally got her to help me clean the house up a bit just just asking her to clean up the laundry in the back room, but instead of cleaning up the laundry, she started washing every wall with bleach and for the next week, the laundry was never touched, but the walls are now sparkling clean.  If I slightly disagree with her, she gets immediately upset and asks why im being so hostile - even if the conversation is about something like liking a character on a tv show.  Shell complain shes hungry, so we'll drive into to town and I'll try to treat her to dinner - but if I ask her to make a descion on where she wants to eat, she just covers her head with her hands and says she cant handle making a descion right now.  So I'm left to decide on a place to eat while she's now facing away from me and silently staring out the window - when it was her who was hungry in the first place, I was just being nice by bringing her out instead of cooking and creating more dishes.  Housework never gets done, and I feel like I'm married to a rebellious teen who doesn't want to do anything but play games or sit and watch TV.  I shouldn't have to nag her 5 times before i leave for work to PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE clean up a little bit while I'm gone.  This isn't about me expecting her to cook and clean, it's me getting fed up with the fact that i am working full time, while she collects unemployment and does LITTERALY NOTHING, other than what's interesting to her.  I can't take this, and I don't know what to do.  I'm at a complete loss.  I feel like my marriage is falling apart and I'm the only one willing to keep it glued together, but i'm so sick of being the glue of it.  Just once I'd like to come home to a clean house and some conversation that we both want to talk about, but instead the conversation we DO have is just her going on and on for hours about the TV shows she watched that day, getting mad when I try to talk, or interrupting me mid sentence.  I'm over it.
17401dbdeab5a6c7cee6c58fda6edd6916d7c7447ba74b5ed710a1ccd1f1847c;;;Does your ADHD partner lack common sense?;;;Spouse is diagnoses and medicated.  I'm trying to figure out if this is common to having ADHD or it's just my guy. He's wonderful and the greatest person I know but there are times when I cannot figure out what he's thinking when he makes certain choices. I know that ADHD messes with the need to do things immediately so if I ask him to do something, he'll literally put down what he's doing right then and go do it (not because he wants to do something for me but because I think it interrupts the "I must do this now" and replaces it with "I must do THIS now").   For example: Our vet recently told us to start our dog on different food and then gave us samples while they ordered a case for us to pick up. Before I realized he'd done it, the samples were gone but he hadn't picked the new food up, so the dog is about to be flipped back to the old food in the meantime because he didn't wait to start the new food where we could continue it. There are endless stories about this. Taking multiple trips to do something when one loaded up trip would do. Taking roundabout ways to go somewhere instead of the obvious straight line, etc. I'm forever trying to understand how his brain works so I can help him not make things harder on himself, but I'm not in his head and can't teach him how to think.  Do you and your ADHD partner struggle with this too, or does this have nothing to do with ADHD?
b4dc84208ef92c65426cee40b3ec0e79802572fe4835e8d6581e54d8e707c9e2;;;My partner of 7 years' (wife of 3) ADHD-like symptoms are much worse since childbirth. What can I do?;;;Hi all,  My wife has always had ADHD-like symptoms; terrible at: staying on top of bills, appointments, being on time, cleaning up after herself and getting too engrossed in something she enjoys (TV shows or her phone usually). However since our child came along 9 months ago, it has got much worse.  Aside from taking care of him (providing milk, changing his nappy, feeding him instant food through the day; she barely cooks) all she does is use Instagram. Sometimes 10 hours a day or more, checking on other recent mothers, pictures of their kids and keeping a log of how many followers they have day by day. She hasn't really done much around the house for 9 months and it's slowly getting too much for me to keep on top of after work. Until now I've been giving her the benefit of the doubt because I know raising a child is hard and I thought she may have a little post natal depression, but I just want something to change.  I'm fed up of nagging her to do more (cleaning, cooking, shopping etc) because it really isn't working. She laughs off my suggestions she may have ADHD and won't go to a hospital to check. I've sat her down and explained how much this is bothering me several times, and even when she agrees to try harder nothing changes. It doesn't help that we are living in Japan (she's Japanese) where ADHD and mental issues are much less recognised.  How can I get her to do more without constantly nagging? Are there any general suggestions or good books I can read to understand how to help her? Thank you.
84b092a74c893856090b235932d3786b0edfe145bc6592b8414deca6870484dd;;;Feeling Ignored in Favor of External Stimulation (Just Come TF Home After Work!);;;My partner (DX in childhood but parents didn't believe in meds and hasn't been diagnosed in adulthood so possibly NDX? Let me know if I need to make a change, mods)  routinely just... doesn't come home from work. For periods of 2-6 hours at a time.   Doesn't text or call (which I've asked for several times, in varying degrees of calm, and which is really important to me as I'm managing anxiety over here. Six hours of radio silence is six hours of my brain going "ooooh, what if they DIED") and when he finally shows up with the car we share, which I might have needed:   Oh, someone needed a ride. I had to wait with someone while they waited for AAA. Work ran late. It was just a couple drinks. Just catching up with a friend. Just a quick game of pool. Gave someone a ride and they had to make a stop and and and.   And meanwhile the chores pile up here, I can't go anywhere myself, we're on a budget so it's really not fair for me to jaunt off in an Uber and have my own party time, and I feel hurt, too. I come home from work excited to see him and get a hug and just be with my person who I love. It feels a lot like I'm the last resort and the thing he HAS to come home to when the fun winds down.  It's so painful and trying to express it just gets excuses or a fight if/when I eventually break my calm and cry out of frustration and abandonment.    Is there anything to do? Another way to ask? Am I being unreasonable to ask for heads up or an ETA? Anyone else just struggling with this?
c56e0a05ac726b68252053627bccc1aa9f087737e356a41f569922dd646ae172;;;How did you know when to walk away?;;;I've seen some posts on here from partners dealing with the aftermath of an ADHD relationship, and I was wondering how to know when it's time to throw in the towel.  I'm not married and I don't have children but I ultimately want them.  I've been in a relationship for six years.  We live together.  My partner can be everything I want but he can also be truly awful. He wants to get better but often just gets more preoccupied with everything else has has going on and forgets which leads to a list of illegitimate reasons for breaking promises.  In the past three years, he's seen two different therapists individually - the first sucked, CBT was a godsend but was not affordable - and consequently we're in couples therapy because it ensures the relationship narrative is two-sided, there's accountability, and the cost is split between us.  The therapist is lovely and I really trust him and he makes excellent, affecting points, but just the week-by-week process is excruciatingly slow and even slower when my ADHD partner falls out of the commitment of going.    It feels like we are more than just compatible, but genuinely a perfect match with so much potential that's continually eviscerated by the ADHD.  I feel like dealing with this and it's effects on my decision-making, self-esteem, personhood, etc. have really made it hard to make such a huge decision, which isn't just breaking up but really severing ties, moving out, starting over completely, etc.  I haven't been able to talk to friends because they are such proponents of walking away without care for the nuances of the disorder and my partner always remains committed and insists we should continue to figure it out together.  I wish I had a friend who fully understood how high the highs are and how truly low the lows are that could provide advice I relate to.  I would appreciate advice from those that stayed, those that walked away, or those that wish they did.
d3bccc1d6864dcc86938c8685374d06f0ea665eb0b2d909f3305f266a804eb68;;;Reading the Responses in this Sub Are Pretty Depressing;;;I'm a 22 y/o college graduate been in one serious relationship through half of high school going into half of college - reading everything here makes me feel like it was all my fault honestly... I wasn't diagnosed until my last semester of college along with some other stuff to add the cherry on top which all then made sense to me.   a lot of the complaints I'm seeing here are stuff I feel like I could have improved on but I also feel like I wasn't doing HORRIBLY but now I don't really know. Sucks to see a lot of us ruin other people's lives in one way or another. Its kinda disheartening to see that some people will completely not get involved with someone with adhd but I get it at the same time. Sorry :(
68d69bcaf0ac0ccf095a5b5d7f9f3dd85d3e212a81ed658e7c7c07e4523d47ff;;;ADHD suffer needing advice from non-ADHD partners;;;Hi adhd partners,  I have quite severe ADHD and I need your help. I have 8 weeks before a big event in my life - moving country.  I promised my partner I would get a second job to help finance it. That was 8 months ago...Currently he is taking all the responsibility.  I keep trying to plan and organise myself to do it. And then..I don't  I don't feel the sense of urgency. I know it's urgent. But I don't feel the urgency. I think to myself if I don't do this I risk losing him....and then I do something else. Each day is like a day dream.  I don't want to lose my partner to this illness! I feel like a fool every day.  I keep saying I need a really strict schedule. Something that does not allow me to do something else.   He says... You've tried this many times before and you don't follow it... It's true - because I forget it exists.  I get distracted by basic things like a coffee cup, a sound, etc and that will result in HOURS of wandering about. If I get up from my desk, I might not come back to it. Everything in my immediate view seems equally as important. i know it's not... Ii know I'm distracted.... But I then I try to self correct.. to walk back to my desk, and then I forget what I am doing. I feel like I have dementia but I'm only in my 30s  How do you help your partners? Does anyone have a strategy ? A system?  I'm running out of time. And I desperately need a SOLLUTION.  I'm asking partners of those with ADHD because I know you get to see this illness affect your partners and I wonder if you have systems that work?  Thanks
4e69cf5ee491f680c6a94744bcb4c14275349e59d8c323ec3de2c34a90d31fe0;;;Please help...is it worth it?;;;I need to vent, I’m not sure if this is the right place to post but I really need someone to talk to, please. I absolutely adore my adhd boyfriend. He’s ridiculously clever and smart, always has something to say. However, we’ve been together for over a year and more of his quirks have come out, such as:  - leaving dishes in the sink to the pile up until I wash them (which is his job), among general untidiness   - he always needs a project to focus on, while I wish that maybe once a month we could just have a day to stay in and watch movies without any outside interest   - continuous bad money choices  - regular blame of other people in situations, and me trying to help him look at it from other perspectives   - Spontaneous ideas that aren’t thought through, and his desire to go through with them, even when consequences may be high.  -When trying to tell him about something serious to me, he will interrupt with a drawn out story/comment several times. I don’t want to say no, but it makes me feel like what I have to say is less important.  I have a hard time dealing with this. I grew up with a emotionally narcissistic mother, so I really hate feeling like I’m nagging him. I straight up feel horrible.   The more I think about it, the scarier the idea of having children is, even though I’m 19 and he’s 24 and it’s well down the road. We both want a biological child, but sometimes he acts like a kid so much that the idea makes me feel like I would end up with two instead. Especially if the other child also is adhd. Do occurrences such as these become less apparent while on medication? He had just received his medication.  Someone please please please help me. I really do love this man, I’m just trying to makes sense of things.
42bce1dd5761168207ae442d214d1a5c96f61e424252d61e16fc9604ba335f61;;;Partner disliking the adulting choices I make for the family;;;I make the adulting choices in our family. Not because I want to, man do I not want to, but because it’s the only way they’ll ever be made. Then I do the labor associated with that choice. Then, fairly frequently, my adhd partner will come to me and let me know that he doesn’t like the choice I made. Maybe its me, but it feels like he’s pissed that I didn’t consider his side of things fully before making the choice. I try to stay calm and ask him what his alternative suggestion is. He thinks this is unreasonable. That he should be able to object without ‘having all the answers on the spot.’ Now he says he’s ‘terrified’ to voice any concerns because I’ll get visibly angry and then demand he have all the answers.   Anyone else experience this? How do you navigate this? Seriously? I want him to have a say of course - it’s our life. Our family. But it feels unfair to voice vague objections after the fact when you have no intention of doing the work that would be involved in changing the course.   Today was about us moving. Ive been the o to one organising finding a place, have found an area that I think is perfect and gotten aggressive about finding a place there, and now he’s upset that he’ll be 5 minutes further away from his friends and favorite golf courses. This happens for little things to and is just a huge issue for me. For instance, I’ll make dinner for a month and he’ll then complain that ‘we’ eat out too much and are just typical unhealthy lazy Americans (my husband is European, so this is a big insult, etc). Like, I’ll make 25 home cooked organic dinners and we’ll eat out once a week and the first time we eat out twice he’s all over how terrible ‘we’ are with cooking. When in get mad because he’s basically saying that I need to step up more (when I do kind of **everything**), he acts outraged and says that he’s aiming the comment at both of us equally. This is such BS but I’ve never been able to convince him of that.   I care about what he thinks and want him to feel free to express his opinion - but it feels completely unfair to shoulder me with all the responsibility and then complain about how I take care of it.   Please tell me some of you have found ways to address this? Because it’s been 8 years and I’ve tried every thing I can think of.   Thanks for reading.
93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Update on emotionally abusive ADHD spouse: He has agreed to work through a great Dialectical Behavioral Therapy Workbook, and he is going to take his ADHD medication regularly.;;;What the title says.  I don't know if any of you remember my posts about my husband blowing up at me and calling me names, being hugely emotionally abusive every once in a while, but this is finally the beginning of a new good thing.  We kinda made an agreement.  I will continue doing my Anxiety Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Workbook, and he will do a certain Dialectical Behavioral Therapy workbook. We will check in to make sure we are staying on track.  I have found a way to scrape by and afford his ADHD meds, so he will start taking them every single day.   I go to therapy, but we cannot afford it for him and I cannot lose this amazing therapist I've worked with for over 2 years. But, we have agreed to once we can afford, we will go to marriage counseling together.  I hope this inspires some people that relationships with an ADHD person who doesn't treat you right can have the ability and want to change. The want part is very important. He is choosing to do this, I am not forcing him.  Hope you all have a great day. :)
7b14951d279a8cefbda1347ad15868eef92c1b56fb374068747dcb2a598dd94e;;;I've been with my DX partner for nearly a year and I'm trying to figure out how to navigate their behavior;;; Hi all! I'm pretty new to reddit so please bear with me.  I (23/enby) am in a long distance relationship with my partner (22/enby) who has ADHD (DX).   I’ve been having lots of thoughts and some trouble with navigating his ADHD over the past few months and I was hoping that you folks could provide some insight…  I have plenty of friends who have ADHD, so I’m fairly familiar with being around it- I’ve speculated in the past if I have it as well, but I’ve never pursued looking into it. But my partner has probably the most intense ADHD I’ve ever experienced. I’m trying to figure out how to go about navigating our relationship with his ADHD… I think things about it that I’m not sure are valid or insensitive, if that makes sense.  I worry about him being able to navigate through life as an adult when little things tend to cause issues or hold him back in one way or another- I worry about how it will affect his life and how it will affect our life together in the future if and when we live together.   I don’t want to parent him, and I know he doesn’t want that either, but sometimes I feel like I almost have to because it seems like he doesn’t take responsibility for himself.  It’s with little things, such as taking his phone with him to the bathroom when he goes to shower, therefore getting distracted by it and not actually showering, resulting in him being gone for anywhere from 30 minutes to 2 hours before he’s actually showered.   He stays up super late at night watching shows or reading, not even trying to sleep unless I tell him to (sometimes he physically cannot fall asleep which I understand, but sometimes when I tell him to he’ll fall asleep within a minute of his head hitting the pillow), and as a result of this he will wake up anywhere from 12pm-2pm, and sometimes he’s stayed in bed until 4pm. This is an issue because if he doesn’t get up early enough, he doesn’t get anything done during the day- he just can’t get anything done. He will also skip meals if he gets up too late, obviously, and this worries me a lot.  He gets distracted by his phone often, so it takes him a long time to get chores done (laundry, making his bed, etc.) Because we’re a long distance relationship, we video call often, so there have been times where I’ve been waiting for him to finish something so we can call and I end up waiting 2 or so hours, thinking he’ll be done soon and we can call. There have been times where I have somewhere to go or something to do and me waiting for him to call becomes an issue because I’ll run out of time because he either forgets about it or he takes too long doing whatever it is he’s doing because he gets distracted. We have had multiple discussions in the past about if/when we live together, I get extremely anxious about being late to things (Ive been diagnosed w/ anxiety), and he says that I’ll either have to accept that we’ll be late to things sometimes or that if I’m so anxious about being late to things that I’ll have to leave without him, because if I push him to get ready to leave to be on time too much it will irritate him, which honestly upset me a lot to hear. It upset me to hear that he would rather I leave him behind and be irritated than push himself a bit more to be on time.  He’s currently completing his master’s degree but he is not good at getting assignments done. There has been a repeating cycle of not doing the assignments up until the last second before it’s due, struggling to get it done, having the deadline extended, waiting til the last minute to do it again, and either cramming last minute, just not doing it, or extending the deadline again, etc etc… a repeating cycle. This stresses me out IMMENSELY, but I’ve always been one to get assignments done no matter what. I worry about whether or not he will actually be able to graduate with the way he does things. And it takes a toll on him too-I want him to be proud of himself but he beats himself up for the way things go.  There are just some examples of his behavior. He doesn’t really make excuses, none of that “I can’t help it” stuff, half the time he says he doesn’t believe he even has ADHD because of imposter syndrome… but he feels guilty all the time- he feels bad for getting distracted and not getting things done etc. I tell him it’s okay because I want to be supportive of him. I want to be a good partner to him and do my best to be there for him… but at the same time I feel like he doesn’t take responsibility for himself. He sits and feels guilty but doesn’t seem to ever make any move to change his behavior.  Is it presumptuous of me to assume/think that he can put in more effort to change his ways? I understand that a lot of this is not exactly in his control, but I think he could be trying harder to work on these things, especially when we’re in a relationship that’s already made 10x harder because of distance.   Am I being insensitive to what he’s going through? Do I not understand how complex and difficult ADHD is for him even though he barely understands it himself? Should I be more sympathetic of his circumstances? Or, alternatively, should I be pushing him more?   Any advice/insight is incredibly appreciated. Thank you so much for taking the time to read this.
4820298046d90fb08caec850a7605d201dba3d36fbba6fad1693c5199db247d0;;;Does your ADHD partner become overwhelmed, flustered or irritated when you try and discuss plans?;;;When I try and come up with a plan (I’m an organized person), my partner will say things like “thats too far ahead for me to plan” or “let’s let Saturday come first and then see how we feel, etc.”  He seems to have anxiety around committing his time and can actually get quite angry if he feels like I’ve made any plans on his behalf.
86671616c5503f219178f082bcefc44261d445b6f3a7637e770c1400e4e61011;;;Just found out my boyfriend of 3 years has ADHD;;;Where do I begin? I’m 21, NDX and my boyfriend is 20 DX. When we began dating, he was 17 and I was 18 - just graduating high school. We were similar in our mindsets at the time as we were both high school kids. He was held back a year, so he was instead two grades below me at the time. I always felt like something about him was off, but I attributed his anger issues to the fact that his father was distant and had been deported when he was young, and his mother was fairly absent. He spent most of his teenage life alone, or outdoors all night with friends. His mother called the police on him a few times, became a “born again Christian” and forced him to only follow the path of religion to he would repel against. He grew up in a harsh neighborhood full of poverty and violence, all of which was the opposite for me. In my mind, he suffered a lot of traumas beyond what I had listed; he always said that my presence had been his light, and that I was his savior. The relationship took a turn when I started to get used to the love and affection, and I would be harsh to him when he did not always give it to me. He would often be confused, forget many things, get angry quite quickly but because he loved me so much - he would make it up any way he could. Near our two years, he ended up falling off and not wanting to be with me any longer. I admit, I had become vindictive. I did not care about his constant cries for help, begging me to understand that he was trying his best to be a better man for himself and us; I had become accustomed to the lifestyle that was having the ground beneath me be worshipped almost. There had been a rough patch where certain things transpired, breaking our relationship because he gave up altogether. And as did I. But whatever we had left, was strong enough to bring us back together. Still, as our relationship continued to get better, I noticed the same patterns of confusion, disorganization, the relentlessness to be active and have a consistent job. He was always the type to get bored of a job and quit within the first 2-5 months. I, however, obtained a hotel job two months after high school and began college right after I graduated. I am the opposite. He yearns to be the same, or at least, be on a better track. However, something within him was limiting himself from getting to such a point where he was able to be cognizant enough to get it together. I grew very frustrated, and quite frankly - began to see myself growing tired of him. These feelings emerged just a month ago.   Three nights ago, he blurted out that he has ADHD during one of our FaceTimes; myself, prior to his announcement, appearing disinterested as usual.   He began to cry. I asked him what he meant. “I was diagnosed around 7 or 8 years old. My mother did not want to give me medication. After a year of dealing with me, she finally told me I didn’t actually have ADHD”. I see it when I’m in their home and she berates him. She belittles him, says he is not a man, makes fun of him, tells him that I (me) deserve a better boyfriend than he. I always comfort him, despite how I felt. Now it was clear. Every suspicion I had, all of the questions I had pertaining to his “odd” behavior... it all makes sense.  Where do I go from here? He is not opposed to seeking more help. He tearfully said to me that he was happy someone finally wanted to understand him. I want to punch his mother in the face. He could have been helped much sooner than this. I have no idea what direction to go in, but I do know that this discovery has rekindled the love I have for him once again. I realize that the entire time he had been trying his absolute hardest, he was being the most honest, he loved me as much as he said he did. I know that I must be there for him, to combat this and accept it and love himself for he has never done so.   Thank you for letting me vent.
6bc2ea3699982eb34eb89541b7952fb043e38f820bfea86dbccbbe9ced75d571;;;Reaching the end of my rope;;;Recently discovered this sub and oh my gosh, it makes my whole relationship make so much more sense. First time poster looking for a little advice.  As seems to be a common trend, my partner and I (both early 20s, me non-ADHD, they’re NDX) started off super fast and intense and as the newness wore off, so did the intensity of our relationship. At this point it’s dissolved into what feels like just roommates who sleep in the same bed at night. We’ve been together for about 1.5 years, and roughly around the 1 year mark, we just started having so many arguments over stupid things that were definitely stemming from other unresolved issues elsewhere.  At that point we started couples therapy and have been doing that for about 3 months now. Our communication in general has gotten better, but I’m realizing that some of the things I really want out of a relationship are things my partner claims they “just can’t do” though I think it could definitely be worked on.  For example, it gets really frustrating when I’m trying to talk about something seriously, and they start making jokes or poking at me to try and tickle me and it feels like they’re either ignoring me or trying to get out of the conversation. I also struggle to find ways to keep their attention in less serious conversation, as I get constantly interrupted before I can finish a thought, or the subject gets changed to something tangentially related. They tell me the interruptions are inevitable because it’s going to drive them nuts if they can’t get it out right then and there. All I want is to sit down and have a reasonable conversation where I can get a whole train of thought out before being interrupted, having the subject changed, or whatever else pops up in their head.  That’s just one of the few examples but this is getting long already. Any advice on how to handle situations like these? Or am I just wasting my time and life trying to help if they aren’t willing to change?
a5e51a43af91dedcae0d2440cb6c05010d387990985ed1c23a8158fd683385f0;;;Seeking the appropriate community;;;I’ve read through some posts in this community and I would agree that my wife’s behavior reflects a lot of the ADHD behavior discussed, but she is not diagnosed. I love my wife and we make things work most of the time, but every now and then I need a place to unload.  I am not necessarily looking for advice. My wife and I can generally resolve our differences and we make progress little by little. But there are times when it takes me a while to calm down and there’s not a lot of value in reading her the riot act again and again about disorganization, missed appointments, lack of structure and routine, etc.   I’ll stop there because I know this is not the rant thread. I just don’t know if the ADHD partners rant thread is the right place for me since my partner is not diagnosed and has no interest in being diagnosed.  I made a similar post in the r/relationships community and it was removed when I asked for people to stop giving relationship advice. My wife knows what my concerns are and she doesn’t need the ranting. Would anyone know of another community that might be more appropriate for my needs?
3991d41472c8a85acc899d7c4a675c2f44e6d7a3b60a1a6ba336dda3e556d6e0;;;Are you the single income earner?;;;Feeling angry and overwhelmed that my ADHD spouse is unable to hold a job, nor does he seem fazed by money stress. I am the sole income earner, and although I make okay money (~60k), it means that we can’t afford the easygoing, carefree lifestyle that he seems to want.   Not looking for solutions but just curious if there are other non ADHD spouses who are wholly responsible for the household income.
47116f412d21d127b16a98fee3007782060bf19a45ab821e38710e705e3a52d9;;;A frustrating thing my husband does.;;;When we’re talking or even in social settings, my husband basically carries on a one sided conversation with himself. He doesn’t banter back and forth with me. In fact if I’m still talking about it and he’s done he’ll just start talking about something else. It’s really frustrating to me because I enjoy talking about politics or debating things but he doesn’t even listen to what I have to say. But then he’ll also do this “no it isn’t” where he’ll argue that the sky is green simply to argue that it’s green.   It’s embarrassing in public when he’ll talk right over other people. I get so tired of telling him to let me or someone talk.  Idk. I’m so frustrated. He’s fighting being diagnosed and this is really destroying our marriage.
e5b26218eebd42fa7d6985a083e7d4101d8dac8adf3bfb1b8711f889f054a4b7;;;ADHD and Depression;;;This is a throwaway account, my partner has been dx since he was really young and is on really strong medication for it.  I basically need advice. I've been struggling a lot with his behaviour lately. I understand that he can't control it very well, even if he does genuinely try to. He's been unable to take his meds for a few days because of an injury (that might not make sense without more details, but trust me when I say that in this situation it's completely valid for him to not take them).   When he doesn't take his meds, he gets very intense and is constantly talking and showing me videos he's watching and making jokes. I'm an introvert and I need time and space away, and I definitely struggle with communicating my own needs and I'm practicing at getting better. He knows and understand this, and even if it's unfair of me to wish he would know when to leave me alone, I know that without me communicating, he can't for sure know.   Anyways, we struggle with this but we work through it, but yesterday was just too much. He struggles with depression, and because the news lately has been pretty depressing, most of his jokes are about sexualising women or about people dying. This became waaaaay too much and I just basically shut down. This caused an almost chain reaction from him where he immediately started feeling extremely guilty and became extremely afraid I was going to leave him (I'm not, since almost everything is generally great). He becomes even more depressed and starts talking about how he has no will to live and how he doesn't know what he wants in life and everyone is out to get him and all he's ever going to do now is try to make me happy because that's all he cares about. He also starts hitting himself, to the point where I have to grab his hands to make him stop. This is extremely unhealthy, and I do urge him to try and learn healthier coping mechanisms and I urge him to go to therapy or to look for resources online and everything, but he keeps saying that he doesn't trust therapists and psychologists because he genuinely believes all they're going to do is commit him to a psych ward instead of try to help him. He's done therapy before for other things but never for anything adhd related, as far as I know. He also says that everything about adhd resources and reddit is people telling him that he's not trying hard enough or that it doesn't exist, and he feels invalidated and as if nobody cares about him.  I try to help, but I honestly feel useless and I feel like I'm trying to help someone who's refusing to help himself. It might not be the case, and he might be willing to try something, but the way he's speaking and acting feels like he's just given up and is unwilling to try to get better. He's even said last night that he's given up because he doesn't think life will ever get better.  I don't really know what to do. If anybody has any advice, I'd highly appreciate it. If you have an criticisms about my behaviour as well, I'd appreciate hearing it too because that's the only way I'll improve and I'm still learning what it's like to live with someone with severe adhd, even if we've been together for nearly 2 years now.    (I should probably mention that I have a psychology degree and I'm currently working on trying to get a masters in counseling psychology, idk how important that bit of information is though).  Edit: him and I are both into women, and admiring other women from afar is something we're both okay with and talk to each other about, so sexualising women's appearances in itself is not the issue, it becomes an issue when it is constant and begins feeling really derogatory when it really shouldn't be.
d70e1c6516f76a48cbb30d29ff0695c5720faa79af3c2edf78bbbf779b87d6d8;;;Hyperfocus transition to the feeling of being neglected;;;My partner has adhd and I knew it from the very beginning. I noticed the signs and all that even before he told me that he was diagnosed when he was young. After watching several youtube videos, reading up articles all about it, and lurking around here in reddit, here I am.. still honestly can't fully understand him. I used to feel very special because of him.. but as soon as he got comfortable in the relationship, I often feel like he's become too "carefree". There are times when I feel like I'm too understanding towards him. I try my best not to pinpoint or to sound like I'm nagging him whenever I'd vent out towards him about me feeling neglected in the relationship. Most often times, I feel like I'm the man in our relationship (not being sexist or what). The venting out doesn't come too often because I know the conversation would not go well or we would agree to this or that and he'd adhere to my concern just for a brief period.  I'm just really here to release my disappointment but also probably hoping for any advice on igniting that flare that we used to have. I also get hurt whenever I do call him out about these things. He already feels incapable but I also do know he's trying so hard balancing his attention and consistency towards different things. There's a lot of self-doubt that would come into mind. Questions like, "am I getting too boring for him?", "am I not special enough?".  For those who are in this position or have gotten used and faced the situation, how did you guys handle it or how are you guys handling it? I'm talking about the hyper focus of our adhd partners then the transition to when the hyper focus has died down. Any advice or help would be appreciated. Thanks ya'll.
1778f94663943713c02571492fd1b78c5201a5cfa17a32f2f36927076789b4b7;;;How do I discuss this with my partner?;;;How to discuss this with my partner?  I have cross-posted this here, my original to ADHD, but maybe some of you can help too. Thank you so much for anything you can advise.  Hi everyone,  Edit: **TL;DR**  Is there a good way that can I bring this topic up to him to discuss it as a possibility?  How can I let him know that I'm here for him and I want to support and understand him?  Can you tell me what is like for you in your head when you get overwhelmed with thoughts like I feel like he's experiencing now? Do you have advice for him when he's going through this?  . . .  I have come to you today to get some perspectives and to learn from you all. This also might be very long, and very general. I don't want him to deduce it's me if he finds this eventually.    I have been with my partner for about a decade and I love him beyond anything in this world. Our relationship however has always been tense and very tumultuous. We had gone to couples counseling, but we could not make that work for us somehow.   We are at the point now that the relationship is broken and I'm scared that it's beyond repair. He's hurt, frustrated and a myriad of other internal feelings, and I'm exhausted, frustrated and sad as well. I recognise that I'm certainly a contributing factor, but I am only able to fully describe my own side, as he isn't here posting. He thinks our relationship has broken down because we don't know how to communicate and he's used the walking on eggshells analogy for his interactions with me.  I'm at a loss. I feel that I've done, said and tried everything I can think of to show him that I love him but every conversation about the relationship almost always ends in an argument. I try my hardest to understand what his point of view is, but he doesn't listen when I try to explain why I feel so hurt and abandoned. I don't want to list everything here, but I've found the ADHD partners subreddit and it's like I'm looking in a mirror.  This is why I come to you:  My partner has brought up (a long time ago) that as a child he was diagnosed with ADHD but was very angry with his family for doing that to him and has never given it a second thought, basically.   Is there a good way that can I bring this up to him to discuss?  How can I let him know that I'm here for him and I want to support and understand him?  Can you tell me what is like for you in your head when you get overwhelmed with thoughts like I feel like he's experiencing now? Do you have advice for him when he's going through this?  I am not a doctor, and I do not want to speculate.  I know we love each other but this is so very difficult and I'm gutted.   This might be the crappiest overview ever, I'm sorry.  Thank you so much to any of you that can help.
36a31d815fb0ca2eb7e694b12417dc6b4655b74e36887a22cafc2eca9ee57ef6;;;Dealing With Death...Losing Patience...;;;   Non ADHD husband - DX, non med Wife (will be back on meds next month with new insurance)  For a little insight to what I;ve been dealing with this past month or so, check out my last post:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD\_partners/comments/ipf4xq/her\_adhd\_is\_tearing\_our\_marriage\_apart/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/ipf4xq/her_adhd_is_tearing_our_marriage_apart/)   All right, so it's sad that I have to write this, but this is the only place I feel like I can truly talk about my frustrations, without judgement or being told I'm the worst person in the world. I'm so close to losing my patience... I don't know what to do anymore.  So. last week, one of my wife’s good friends from high school/college lost a battle with depression and passed away. When I found out the news, I knew this was going to be difficult for my wife, but I was’t prepared for the night it all broke down. Since the family was having a closed session, this means that no friends could come and pay respects at a funeral/wake so we all decided to have a celebration of life party/bonfire. Its been years since some of have been able to get together, so it was nice to have the comfort of everyone around. I barely knew my wife’s friend, but i have heard wondferul fun stories. As the night died down, I decided to take us back home - (I was the DD so that she could drink and just be loose and have a decent time).    We pulled into the driveway, and the tears started flowing. I knew she had been holding back, so I held her and tried to keep her calm as she talked about how she was mad that she took her life. How things weren’t fair. How she was only 25. She had more life to live. people could have helped. Im holding back to tears to make sure I stay calm for her and I get her inside and to drink some water. Things calm down and she goes to the bathroom. Im on the couch and I hear a loud thump and call for her to see if she’s okay, and I just look to see her crouched against the hallway wall, red faced and crying.    I go over to her, and try to hold her, but she pushes me away. I’m trying to calm her down and between jagged breaths, she tells me she lost her photos from her wallet. She carries fun photos in this little folding case that fits in a wallet, and she dropped it sometime at the party. I lead her to the couch as she’s crying and barley able to walk forward. I try to ask her when the last time she remembered looking at it was and she just…stars screaming and crying. Her face is beat red and she’s having trouble catching her breath so I try to hold her to calm her down (she likes to be held during these moments) She pushes me away and says I don’t understand and just starts screaming its not fair, why is this happening, she’s an idiot. I try to calm her down, but nothing works. I send a group message out to the sober people at the party and no one finds a book of pictures. I put on my coat and shoes to go check the driveway and she’s screaming at me saying how I don’t care about her and I’m leaving her - and I try to calmly say I just want to check the car and driveway. She just screams that I never care about her and her needs, and runs to the bedroom. I sigh and go outside - catching my own breath. at this point I’m getting frustrated, but I understand. I end up finding the photos on the seat of the car - it fell out when she was crying and she didn’t notice it when we pulled in. Im so happy now I run in to tell her I found it, hopeful for a nice sleep.    She’s screaming in the bedroom and ripping blankets and pillows off the bed, the dogs won’t even go in the room. I come in to see her even more frantic that before and she screams at me that she lost her glasses and she deserves this and flings herself onto the bed. I try to tell her I found the photos and she doesn’t even register it. She’s screaming and crying. Im losing my patience.    “get up and I’ll look for you glasses - I found the photos!”  I just get screams in response and she rips the photos out of my hands and goes back to the couch in the fetal position, red faced. I sigh, and find her glasses next to the bed on the floor. I go out and hand them to her, and stops screaming. I try to give her water and I turn on netflix - turns out she’s made her own new list on disney plus while I’ve been at work, and she stands up and screams at me that I don;t even know how to help her. I’m mad at this point. It’s 2am. She’s been awful all day to me. “What are you talking about?” she rips the controller out of my hand and puts on disney plus. she turns on a movie, and yells at me - “Don’t make this about you! you always make things about you! This is about me! This is about me!” and now I’ve just had it. I throw my hands up and say “I can;t do this! Ive been trying to help you all week with this and I can’t do it anymore!” She screams that I don’t love her, and that I’ve done nothing to help her tonight.  After a few hours of this back and forth, I go to bed in the bed, and she sleeps on the couch with the dogs.  I… I don’t know how much more of this i can take. I know shell be on meds again soon, but this is getting to a breaking point. I’m working full time, taking care of most of the bills, trying to get my credit good for a home loan, and she doesnt’t appreciate anything I do for this family. I come home to a dirty house and a nasty attitude every day. I walk on eggshells all day long, afraid that I’llsay something to upset her. Work has become my safe haven and escape from the hell at home -from being ignored all day long to just being yelled at that i can’t help her and I don’t bother to learn anything about adhd, when I DO. I’m just. Im at a loss. Im exhausted. Am I the asshole in this moment? Is there something I;m not doing? I’m losing faith that I can put up with this…..
52c3ecfaf7e79dfcbe26d1cf9eda264a302d0332a099a10564cd3423f7b4e8e4;;;Myself (25) and DX (30) First time posting;;;Hi all, thank you for all you share. I’ve been lurking and watching for a bit as my fiancé was diagnosed with ADHD a few months back, along with possible Bipolar Disorder. We have been formally together over a year and a half, but we’re best friends for a long time before this. A few months into our relationship, he began this vicious cycle:   -starting to do less self care, pull away, get snappy  -do something very hurtful to me  -have a talk that away lasts over 2 days because he needs time to process, and then comes back with some new big revelation about his actions  -gives me a laundry list of how he is going to work on it  -works for 2 weeks at tops, I start to lean in and trust (and as my therapist says ‘give him the reward cookie’.)  -we are neutral for another week or so before it begins again.   It has been 10 months of this constant cycle. Sometimes the things he does to hurt me are small, but most of the time they are very hurtful and prove to me he never actually listened from our talks before. There were no signs of this as friends, and the longer our relationship goes on the more resentment I have towards him/ our future together. I have had the break up talk with him a few times; not even me saying I think we may need to end this was enough for this cycle to slow down.   I’m in therapy, and it’s been helpful, but the resentment is bad as I know have medical conditions that allow me from doing a lot of things in life. I’m facing a possible brain surgery, and I’m on a lot of meds, bad procedure recovering, etc. This cycle has been on top of it, and I finally broke down after months of stress on Saturday. I was left alone sobbing in the bed, he didn’t help get me food, didn’t check in on my meds (which I ended up not taking which is DANGEROUS), and he admitted finally he didn’t help me because he was scared and lost. I asked him if he tried anything to comfort me, and he stated he didn’t. I asked why, and he couldn’t give me an answer, instead did the same cycle script, realization, and a half apology on how is going to fix it. I’m at the end of my rope, I’m 25 dealing with serious medical conditions and I can’t be my partners mother. He has shown again and again how co dependent he is on me, and I really am trying. We’ve tried schedules, he’s on meds, therapy for over a year, he has a planner, a check in list for bills, etc. But at what point do you have to realize there isn’t anything else you can do? Who else has been at this stage but turned it around? What has helped with resentment? I am desperate for help from this community, and I hope someone can get help from the comments as well, thank you all. 💙
d381e8b0538ad07eb53213089467c67f2c968ce66e494eff442ee6e4bd1063c3;;;I am afraid to have kids with my ADHD partner;;;Since being with my ADHD partner I feel like I wouldn't want kids. I love my partner but there was over a year and a half period where I felt like his mom.  I turned from the relaxed and fun person I was to nitpicky and frustrated. It's gotten better in the last few months so maybe I will feel differently if things stay this way for a while. He is now accepting of his ADHD and wants to get diagnosed, but is still reluctant to consider meds. I'm letting him take his time and not pushing him.   We want to have the "kids" conversation but I don't know what to say. The chances of us having kids with ADHD would probably quite high, and on top of a forgetful partner, I am afraid to be the only responsible adult taking care of the household.  I think he wants kids but doesn't see all of the work, he only thinks about the fun aspects. I have thought about adoption and I was basically adopted, but I always envisioned it with someone I could rely on a bit more. Even when he tries his best I have to double check everything because half the time it isn't done. I don't know how to bring up these concerns with him without making him feel terrible.
2ac7f9154400ffa61c86e1a72e2eee48ae5eb847153be6238daf00d441c2f3d6;;;I need some serious support right now as I pack to move out;;;After over 3 years of dating and two years of living together, my relationship over.  He has been flip flopping between ignoring the fact that I'm moving out and angrily demanding that I help him clean the house and find a replacement roommate while I pack my things. With only two weeks left, he is growing increasingly difficult to deal with.  For me, this break up is over two things: My consistent feelings of being a last priority and/or nonexistent to him and his shocking disinterest in working through matters of life. Because of this I am finding it *exceptionally* difficult to put my feelings aside (*again*) and help him.   He is slamming doors, screaming at me, demanding I help him. We've been fighting every single day but I generally still am trying to treat him decently. If I'm ordering food I still ask him if he'd like something. If he seems upset I have still been asking what I can do to help but I've stopped that now.   I stopped because when I've been sad or in need lately, as we bring this nightmare to close, he's looked me in the eye and told me he doesn't care. He disappears into his video games, laughing and joking with friends all night while I cry or panic behind him in bed. Then he'll need help or be sad and if I don't voluntarily help, he'll defensively ask for my help and tell me he'll help me out when I need it. Spoiler: his repayment is telling me theres only X amount of days left and not to talk to him about anything because he just doesn't care at all.   So this roommate replacement does involve me and I have asked around and posted some in between moments of motivating myself to pack up and get away from this person. This person I still love and see as good but who's *seriously* denying himself the help he needs. This person I'm ashamed to admit I've treated so poorly - a long &amp;amp; entirely different story.   But I just can't give him anything. It is actively hurting me to watch him be in such a tough spot and not help  as much as possible. I keep feeling like it's all my fault that he's in this position and reminding myself that he put himself in this spot is not helping. I want to help him but I *cannot* keep giving time and energy to him in these final days when he so blatantly cares naught to return such basic decency.    Should I suck it up and let him treat me like trash for two weeks as I help him out or should I keep up with my boundaries for these final days? I really cannot believe what my life had been for the last 6 months, especially these last two.   I've been basically shaking trying to keep my composure as he sucks the life out of every inch of this space today. I could really, really use some positive words of support.
14d07151fd2ea5c797243f153431d4311b4bde5138cf452117357a744d839276;;;Big mess;;;Hi everyone, Husband recently started taking Ritalin again which we think will help with just managing daily life as I’m so tired of being his brain for him-I am really exhausted trying to manage his life as well as mine. I really would love if he just did chores that needed to be done without my asking so I don’t feel like a parent- I have enough to take care of right now about myself and my own stuff.  Yesterday I had to have a good cry and vent in the shower, and it was not meant for him to overhear. He was playing video games with headphones and I didn’t think he could hear. But he did. I said “I can’t do this” meaning what feels like 90% of running the household because my stress level was waaaaaay over the top. So he felt like scum hearing that and has been down all weekend.   We’re already in marriage therapy and our relationship is a bit fragile right now. So he asked if I was really happy being with him. (Divorce has been talked about in the past hence therapy) I told him just because I have a moment of frustration with him doesn’t mean I’m unhappy being with him. I feel like crap. But I also still need more help round the house and I’ve been working on voicing my needs and boundaries, and I did a crap job of that yesterday- I wish I had just been direct about what I needed in the moment instead of the venting session that was not meant for him to hear.  He sent me a good morning text today. Thoughts?
654bc46aaba58ecebc141544ccbb98a259ad33d233e96a18b051d675fb68b765;;;Some Positives;;;I'm personally here becauss I'm diagnosed with ADHD-C and noticed a lot of negative posts here which is really concerning and I can only hope my fiancé doesn't go through this much just because of my condition. I feel like it's mostly negative because people need to rant about some struggles that they're going through, which is fair. Everybody needs to rant from time to time. But it's also good to talk about the good.  I saw a post on here a little while back and I believe this should be something talked about more often. People tend to only talk about the bads in life, but what are some things you like about your partner's ADHD. And if you're the one with ADHD with a non-ADHD partner, how have they helped you in your journey through this illness?  I'll start it off in the comments   PS: The flair I put is the closest to what I think this post is about, but it doesn't fit very well. Sorry about that...
1ec79711dc7116cc75e4a2a055923c429b6a83a2c6a87e7c58b195d82df04f1d;;;Adhd symptoms in babies/children?;;;This is my first time posting so my apologies if I don't know all the rules and etiquette. My question is to parents of children with ADHD. What were the first signs and symptoms you observed in your child? I ask because I'm pretty sure my husband (38m) has it, and we just became first time parents during the pandemic. I know, great time for the added stress of transitioning into parenthood... I just want to be prepared to fully support my child as he grows up and if he has inherited adhd I want to be able to get him dx and get him all the help and support that my husband never got.
fa007b115f7028bf9ce4e36d7473c4ff74ab03c0a29c5029cbd9d47dc924b768;;;My boyfriend (23m) keeps deliberately not listening to me about things;;;Any time i talk to him about things he might not want to hear, he doesnt “hear” me and then blames me for not telling him things, when o very did clearly verbalize at the time of relevance (i.e. if were low on weed, ill tell him when were about both half way through our stash and when we have about a gram left. He’ll consistently get mad when we get to smoking the gram we have left, telling me i didnt “warn him” that our stash is low).   I dont want to have to write down and take notes on every convo we have. Ive talked to him about this multiple times but every time he just says im lying and that i dont verbalize. Its driving me insane.
1f05bf189a9676b9048ea4b04c13978973f06e8f4e8a75ed9adc7d91e9f6743c;;;My SO is non-DX. He exhibits a lot of the symptoms and behaviors.;;;My SO and I have been together for over four years, and we live in separate places.  I got into a discussion on the "Weekly Rant" thread, but realize I am actually looking for insight and support.  I am not a psychiatrist, and I could very much be wrong about whether he has ADHD.  It came up when I was googling behaviors, and looking for answers to our challenges.  I am going to repost my "weekly rant" posts to this thread, in case anyone wants to offer some insight.  Thank you.
87f4fb7085afeb08689503f1a14f3262bcc27ac25ecaa550d5946aa0f14e8841;;;Some books I’ve come across recently that are helping my ADHD partner and I;;;My partner (23M) was diagnosed with ADHD about a year ago and is currently working on finding medication that works for him. The diagnosis has explained a lot about his ‘quirks’, but we’re struggling a fair bit with navigating the difficulties that ADHD symptoms can bring to a relationship. I recently found The Couples Guide to Thriving with ADHD by Melissa Orlov and Nancie Kohlenberger. Melissa’s husband has ADHD, and Nancie and her husband both have ADHD, and they talk a lot about what it’s like to be part of an ADHD effected relationship. They offer so much insight and a lot of different tactics for tackling ‘hot spots’.   I’ve felt SO seen and since I started reading this book and have started reading it aloud to my partner, pausing for discussions about how the subject matter relates to what we’re going through. It’s given me a lot of perspective and understanding I didn’t have previously and has  me realize what actions I have adopted to try to help things, that are actually harmful overall, like ‘parenting behavior’.   I really highly recommend it, it’s a fantastic resource.
a8157903df7387ecfb5579b6c668b47dc94d08777b367866e39660005f7f3e2b;;;Advice needed;;;DX. My spouse (they/them/gender non-binary/late 30’s) has ADHD. They were diagnosed as a child, but their mother refused to medicate them. They had an exceptionally hard time in the formal education system (always in trouble), and they had no emotional coping skills or regulation.   After we got married, I suggested they make an appointment with a psychiatrist, because they  couldn’t keep a job, couldn’t focus, and the moods were wild. They took medication for about a year, then quit. I try to be supportive, as I too have mental health issues (medicated and in therapy), but this roller coaster is becoming a lot.   First, everything (and I mean everything), is about sex. Every comment in every conversation is turned into a sexual one from them. Example, I was discussing buying a new mop (fun, marriage talk, eh?) and I asked their opinion. They said “they’d mop up behind me”. This was after several sexual comments all day. I didn’t respond, because I was honestly tired of it (again, can’t have any conversation because everything becomes sexual). Now, they are refusing to speak to me, and they walking around sniffling loudly.   Speaking of sniffling, they ALWAYS sniffle when they don’t get their way, like a small child throwing toys from the pram. They won’t stop sniffling or tell me what is wrong (I generally know, I either didn’t laugh/respond to the sex comment, I turned down sex, they got groping in public). It’s becoming very tiresome, as this is a grown human in their late 30’s. Walking around sniffling and sighing is childlike.   Sex is another argument. They are very sexual (obviously), and want sex 5-10 times per day. They watch 4-6 hours of porn daily (which is fine, I don’t care), but they still expect me to have sex at the drop of a hat. It makes me feel very used, as sex is the topic of everything, and every touch, look, smell is sexual. Sometimes, I just want to have a conversation about a damn mop (or anything) in peace and not have every comment they make be sexual.   When I turn down sex (they get some sexual activity from me, at least once daily, along with their own multiple porn masturbation activities), they can become very angry. They’ll yell, scream, and pick a fight about how I “don’t love them”. The last time I turned down a secondary round of sex, they became very upset, and suggested we see a marriage counselor to “figure out my problem, and why they don’t do it for me anymore.” We do have an appointment next week with a counselor.   I understand ADHD and hyper focus. Sex is also a self-soothing mechanism, as they won’t stay on their medication. But the self-soothing mechanism is hard on me, as I’m not that sexual. I have sex, because I understand they feel loved that way, but it’s hard to do that multiple times a day. Again, I’m fine with the masturbation and porn, but that’s not enough for them.   The mood swings are also insane. I understand that’s also part of ADHD, and the emotional disregulation, but it’s hard on me when the mood changes when the wind blows, and they become angry or hostile to me. I try not to take it personally, as I understand it’s a mental condition, but they’ll make it personal, then refuse to apologise when I become upset.   I’m very accepting of their non-binary gender status, their career (they aren’t of mine; I work too much), their hobbies (mine are all silly to them), and pretty much their life. I have one pretty hard rule, and that’s “no drugs/nothing illegal”, but if it’s not hurting themselves or anyone else, go for it. I get constantly critiqued for my life and choices, my family, and every mistake I’ve ever committed will get brought up over and over. I don’t hold grudges and let things go, because life is short.   I’m not sure if it’s all ADHD, partially ADHD or just jerk behaviour. I’m also a bit scared to go to the counselling session, as I’m scared the counselor will tell me to just “have sex with them, because they are my spouse.” And then they’ll quote religious nonsense about bodies belonging to spouses (I’m not religious, but live in a VERY religious area). I tried to do my research to ensue the counselor was accepting of all religions, or lack their of, but it still makes me nervous.   I’ve changed a lot of my life to accommodate their disorder, but they don’t appreciate it, nor will they make accommodations for mine. I’m a sexual abuse victim, and while I’ve had therapy, and I feel I’ve done well, some things still set me off. When I’m showering, with my eyes closed, they love to sneak-in and grope me. Logically, I know it’s them. But my flight-or-fight kicks-in first, and I shove their hands off me. This upsets them, as I “should know it’s them”. Logically, I do, but my brain sometimes go back to that trauma place, and goes into defense mode. Sometimes, I can’t help it. They also like to bring-up the fact they like me more when I’m drunk (probably because it’s easier to have sex with me), and that I’m boring, vanilla. I am willing to try most things once, but if they make me feel uncomfortable, I won’t do them again. They then become upset and make fun of me, as I’m “boring”.  Is it normal to be this obsessed with sex? I’ve dated others before we married, and it wasn’t like this with them. Is this ADHD? How can I cope better?   Thanks.
564f69acd7414380dd2c361c6386529674f70640ba4ef28d7feb0b126223d88e;;;How do I approach my ADHD husband and tell him what I've been feeling?;;;I don't how everyone here can go through so much with their ADHD spouses. I've been on this roller coaster for 3-4 years now, and it's not getting better. I constantly get screamed at, yelled at if something small goes wrong and becomes inconvenient for him (ADHD husband). A towel misplaced, he yelled. Couldn't find something in the fridge quickly, he yelled. Broke a coffee carafe, yelled. Stuck in traffic, screamed into my ears. His anger outbursts are out of control, and he has no desire work on them. He gets over them pretty quickly, but never apologizes or even acknowledges that he screams at me. In his head, I think, it's all justified. There's always a trigger for his anger, so he thinks it's justified and I should just move on when he moves on. I've done so much around the house for him, for both of us, yet if something is not the way he wants, instead of asking nicely, or even fixing it himself, he resorts to screaming at me.  On top of that, I feel so invisible and neglected. I spend so much time throughout the day waiting for him to get out of his "zone", to finish up random videos he's watching, so we could eat, or go for a walk, for do some chores that are way overdue. He can easily get mad and frustrated if he has to wait for me (or anyone) for a minute, yet it's common that he told me he would be done in "15 minutes", and it would take an hour. He picked up new projects, goals, research interests all the time because the ADHD mind gets bored. Now during the pandemic time he's decided to be learn and become fluent in spanish from scratch. He invests so much time into learning Spanish because his goal is be fluent in 3 months. He would do online lessons, look at flash cards on his phone all the time, talk to native speakers on hello talk, watch spanish shows and movies (all we watch now is spanish shows), schedule online tutoring lessons, etc. At first I was happy that he found something meaningful to focus on rather than watching endless youtube videos. But it's taken all his free time now. He doesn't manage time well, and other chores he's supposed to do around the house keep getting pushed back because of spanish. He barely plays with the cats. He doesn't do the dishes unless I really push him to. He bought a broken grill, wanted to fix it but left it in the middle of the kitchen for months without touching it. Some days I don't see him until late at night when he has long work hours, but the little free time he has at night, he is on his flash cards, or sending voice messages to his hello talk partners. If I dare ask him to spend some time with me, he goes into a rage at how I'm not being supportive of his goal, I'm needy and always want to spend more time together, even though "we are together in the house 24/7 already." If I work late and finish work at 8.30 or 9pm, and he is in a middle of a Spanish episode, I would have to wait for him to finish before we get to eat dinner, just because he has to finish it.  Our life together now is already in this situation where he randomly decides some days he's cold, shows no intimacy, doesn't even hug or kiss me when he sees me. He could go late into the night on his phone, and first thing in the morning on his phone or laptop. I try to have a routine of spending a few minutes before bed together, or a morning hug when we get up, but it only backfires. The more I try, even though just for a few minutes each day, the more distant he becomes. He does this so often that it feels like he's just a roommate now. Deep down I know he cares, and he says he does, but his reactions are just the opposite, and he's becoming more and more difficult. I couldn't talk to him about how I feel, he immediately dismisses me, becomes defensive and finds some reasons to blame me. He gets really angry whenever I try to tell him how I feel, and makes me feel like I imagine all of this, and I'm the crazy one while he's being this wonderful partner. In his world, I imagine, he's doing all the right things and I am just this constant nag that wouldn't leave him alone to focus on his things.  How do I break out of this? I guess I'm getting so tired now and I'm so sick of getting yelled at for any reason. How do you know if it's just ADHD behaviors, or a part of who they are and how they treat us is also their personalities. I always thought if I can get it to him that it's his ADHD behaviors doing this and that he would be more aware and could work on his behaviors. But I am afraid some of these aspects are his own personalities and for that, I feel hopeless. Some times I feel like I just want to run away from him and all of this. It's a terrible feeling either way.  Appreciate all the feedback.
14350877d9cfd8e527409ed8e5f92f7d9ac900d2258caf501b51f9c9dd0ff595;;;I finally left my partner of almost 4 years after having to call the cops on him.;;;I'm fucking terrified. He's in his mid 30s and undiagnosed/unmedicated. Just recently realized what's been afflicting him his entire life is ADHD.  Since day one, we've had countless fights. Explosive. Brutal. I've wanted to leave since the beginning, but he would always gaslight me, guilt-trip me into staying.   Yesterday he locked us both in a room during a fight and wouldn't let me out. He took my phone. He spat on me multiple times. I hit him when he blocked my way out the door.  I had enough. Finally called the police to come escort me. Unfortunately that also resulted in him getting arrested.   I'm freaking out to a bit now. I'm scared he'll hurt himself. I don't know what to do to protect him but I can't be with him any longer...
83571c8ef292637dbc2f2c13ab5b813e2839d1af0c1b33f05c33f4c31db6861e;;;Does my husband have ADHD or did he just want an Adderall RX?;;;Hello,   I am new here, I just started to read up on ADHD and this whole new world is opening up...  Anyway, so my husband was recently "diagnosed" with ADHD. He says the psychiatrists who examined him (for 45 minutes only) were not 100% sure, they think "there is a chance he has ADHD". Even though the diagnose was not 100%, they still gave him a prescription of 20mg Adderall per day immediately after the examination. He has taken it every day since the diagnose and only takes a break over the weekend. I haven't noticed a difference in him at home yet.  Now, as you can imagine I am in quite the shock. I had not the slightest idea that he would go and get evaluated. He has complained about the amount and stress at work over the past couple of months. I assumed it's just a phase, that's how he described it to me. He wants to progress in his career to make "more money for us".  I am going back and forth between our two options a) he just wanted to get Adderall or b) he has ADHD. Both options are making me extremely sad, I cry for hours.   I am very confused and worried, I even started to think that I might have ADHD myself. Like I took one of these online tests with 9 questions and I can easily answer 5-6 questions with a "yes". Yes, I have a short attention span (I blame it on smart phone and social media), I forget things that I had to do, I sometimes have a hard time listening to people at work, but all of that I still think is normal.  I would like to get your thoughts on 1. his "potential diagnose" that immediately led to a prescription after 45 minutes of evaluation 2. Do you think he just wanted a prescription and gave the appropriate answers? ( I know he took Adderall in college from friends and he loved it back then) 3. Is it possible I have it myself?  Sorry, my thoughts are all over the place, but I would appreciate any responses!  xoxo
ace6bfbf02d0c24f100003e5f6da63570f4152fabe973753149baaf301486aaa;;;Wife is Dishonet During Fighs, Starting to Feel like I’m Going Crazy;;;My wife (DX, unmedicated/untreated) and I (DX, medicated) have been married for about a year. In that time, she has begun exhibiting behavior that is deeply disconcerting and is causing me to question my sanity and which way is up. I don't know if this is ADHD or something more, but I'm really struggling and could use some feedback. I will preface this by saying she's one of the best women I have ever known, and these things only happen in the heat of the moment when she feels defensive. This has never once happened during a moment of non-conflict and I believe strongly it has to do with a combination of impulsivity and other ADHD traits, as well as some bad habits learned at the hands of an abusive father to avoid punishment.  In even the most minor conflict, my wife responds with extreme defensiveness and latches onto irrelevant details and derails conversations and turns the tables to make an issue that I'm concerned or upset about somehow my fault. To make matters worse, in these situations she will sometimes spin the facts in ways that don't make sense and don't add up.  A recent example happened yesterday when I found texts from someone she dated briefly and slept with a couple of times before we met (who I don't believe she has any feelings for) and he was urging her to leave me, saying, "you need to just end it and ask him to leave. You will feel immediate relief, even if you feel a bit sad for doing it...Jesus Jane, get papers, and give them to him". She replied that yes, that was probably what would happen, but she wanted to do it via our counselor. I found the texts on an intuition after she has recently been acting more combative and defensive, and seeming less willing to communicate in healthy ways, acting secretive with her phone, and acting almost giddy acting all cheerful and smiley after we'd had a fight and baking scones at midnight when she would normally be sullen and depressed or in bed. When I brought it up, I told her very calmly that we should discuss splitting up because it's clear you aren't in this all the way and that you have one foot out the door. She told me that it was all just in my head, that I get an idea in my mind and then get carried away believing my own stories. I asked her if she was sure she wanted to tow that line, and shared that I knew about the texts, and told her that it's not ok with me that your former lover is egging you on to leave me, this is a violation of our boundaries as a married couple. To be clear, I'm not concerned about this guy. He's a scrawny little twat with a ponytail who drives a Corvette to feel good about himself and he's not trying to take my wife, he's just a douchebag running his mouth. Jealousy is not even on the radar here. I'm just calling the facts as I see them.  She immediately retorted, "he was not my lover, and he's not egging me on!" Well, I'm no scholar, but I'm pretty sure by any definition of the word, someone you had sex with and dated briefly would be called your lover if they don't meet the threshold for boyfriend. Is there even another word for it? And by his words ... "Jesus, get papers and give them to him" etc is definitely egging on in my book. She continued to argue against this before turning the tables and telling me I had no right to look in her phone. Well, this is the pinnacle of hypocrisy because she has my passwords and has gone through my phone and laptop at great length going through literally thousands of text messages and emails, reading messages from previous relationships etc that she really had no right to, but I never scolded her, I was fine with it because I have had a bumpy past and have made some poor decisions but I have no secrets. I have long told her that my standard for integrity is that I would never say or do anything with someone else that I wouldn't want her to hear or see, and that at any time she can look at anything she wants to. Until now, I've never had a reason to snoop. I just knew something was off.  Today, we were talking about the incident after counseling and she claimed that she never agreed with him that she would leave me, saying that she meant that she was agreeing that she wanted a temporary separation, when there was never a mention of any such thing in the text message. I pointed this out, and that there was no room for interpretation, in that thread. He said "end things" and "get papers" to which she replied in the affirmative both times. At first she latched onto the order of my words because I said "serve papers" first, when that was the last thing he said. When I pointed out that "end things" and "get papers" mean the same thing, she insisted that she had discussed separating earlier in the thread and there was a time-lag so when it looked like she was responding affirmatively to him, in reality she was affirming her earlier suggestion at a temporary separation. I sincerely doubt this.  So I said, "ok, show me". And of course she refused, saying she's not on trial. Then why did she present her previous text messages as evidence? A little while later she says she actually deleted the messages because she was worried I might look some more and she was paranoid before sending me a single screenshot of her telling him that she wondered how much of this was her fault. So I then asked why she would have deleted messages that would have put her in a good light, and then asked if she deleted messages, how come she has this one? And if she had really deleted the messages, why wouldn't she have just said so earlier instead of refusing to show me without further explanation? She wrapped that up by saying she's confused and that I'm trying to run circles around her, but it feels very much the opposite. It feels like either I'm going insane and I have holes in my brain that are causing me to hallucinate or there is something very, very wrong here.  The thing is, I don't give a shit if she wants to get a divorce. I've brought it up to her that things have been bumpy and that we can call it quits as adults and do it maturely and it doesn't have to be a big messy thing. I love her, and if she's not happy I want to let her go. But what I can't do is tolerate being lied to regularly or having my boundaries or the boundaries of our marriage violated constantly, and these kinds of situations have become commonplace where I am all but certain she is lying to me (but twisting things around to make it very confusing like this).   In fact, this scenario has played out 6-8 times in the last 6 months, where she says something that is false and I call her out and then she says she didn't say it, and several times when it was in a text message and I show it to her she then says she never said that she didn't say it, she was actually saying something else. And then when I point out that her claimed story doesn't make logical sense based on the timeline and the facts in the texts, she claims that she's confused and that she was confused all along and that it's all somehow my fault that she couldn't keep things straight. It's exhausting and debilitating and it's making me honestly question my sanity.  I'm mentally, physically and emotionally exhausted and distraught because I don't know how much of this is me misremembering things, or her honestly being confused or having a poor memory, or her having a darker side that I'm just now discovering. But I can think of dozens of examples of this, where she has latched onto words that are irrelevant to the issue at hand in order to derail a conversation, turned the tables and made my concern something that I've done wrong instead, or done what I can only describe as gaslighting. She has an appointment on Friday to see her doc and try another medication, as of now she is unmedicated and not seeing a doctor for ADHD except for a prescribing psychiatrist who has already tried a few meds that didn't work (except adderall, which worked but she didn't like).  So ADHD partners out there, please let me know, have you experienced anything like this extreme defensiveness? Confusing arguments and conversations that leave your head spinning? Is there hope? I'm at a loss here ...
7e796ea4bffeebf77ef1013cd32eee4e8d8e45e07a94062f533982f736594ce3;;;New to ADHDP, looking for a bit of advice/the capacity to understand;;;I'm 26m, Partner is 23f (2 years dating) She is a wonderful person who is also battling traumas, experiences Anxiety, Depression, as well as has ADHD. So, there is a specific scenario that occurs often, lets say once or twice every one to three months where we agree to plans, I wait for show time, I check in and then she reveals that things won't be going according to plans. In this exact order. The reason i find this problematic is that I initiate the communication that provides me information that I expect her to give of her own accord. If I'm running late or have to cancel I should tell the other person, at least that's my thinking. I have done some reading so i know that relaying information in this way may be much less simple a task for her than it is for me, but knowing this has yet to make it completely benign.
d74c8416853287b2c09b2c2c44e285b34332d1f4fcbc603b202d39185d4fafd2;;;As someone suffering from ADHD and is on the verge of a break-up. What are things that your partner was able to fix?;;;Hey!  As my headline suggests I am looking for advice and experiences of ADHD partners or people suffering from ADHD to tell me what they were able to work on.  My partner is as exhausted as most posts on this sub suggest and basically broke up with me. After long talking and suggesting things we agreed to work on our relationship through couples therapy, dedicated date nights and me abstaining from gaming/too much surfing as it definitely decreases my attention span. I am also in therapy and on medication but there might be other things I might not be thinking off that helped your relationship.  Thanks in advance!
e1065b75ad1a6c74e575883d67085e57dee4039add236bce97f62ebcf2ded1a0;;;I feel like the worst girlfriend.;;;I've only just come across this sub. I have known my partner has ADHD since before we got together and although i always knew what it was, i never really looked into it in-depth. My partner had ADHD, ODD and at the lower end of the Autism spectrum. I have just been reading [this](https://www.additudemag.com/how-adhd-affects-relationships-add-spouse-perspective/) article and realised that a lot of our arguments probably are because of his autism. It was only a couple days ago i was telling him he clearly doesn't care about me because he always says he will do something and just doesn't. It was only last night i was telling him he has clearly gone off me because his sex drive and interest in me has plummeted this past week. Looking back on all of our arguments it seems has a lot to do with ADHD tendencies, something beyond his control and he has had to deal with the stress of me nagging at him and him not understanding why he is doing it wrong because i am his first proper relationship aswell. Yet most of the time he is the most amazing boyfriend and i know he is trying his best. I could cry i feel like such a shit girlfriend.
be195cb234b3c536dc72282989b0e182cbdc39bc589a6e3839b8570d89e1be67;;;My boyfriend has ADHD, what can I do to help / support him?;;;So, first off...I have dyslexia I’m fairly certain I have borderline personality disorder (BPD), when I was younger my parents were convinced that I have ADHD but I was a difficult child and I didn’t not want to get an assessment so..here I am   I am having therapy each week, and it is really helping me. I’m in the process of getting a diagnoses of BPD, which i think I have.   BPD causes my mood to change and fluctuate very quickly, I get angry very easily and this is the main thing that is putting strain on our relationship, my boyfriend is the best, most understanding compassionate person ever when it comes to my emotions and life experiences and I am completely in love with him, but he is the main source of my anger if I am honest..  My boyfriend is 23 (I am 26) he was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 18 and is not on any medication for it, he finds day to day life difficult which is ok, but I want to try and understand and help him.   He is very forgetful, he struggled to learn in school and was bullied both physically, emotionally and mentally and still finds learning very hard.   Because of his childhood he has extreme anxiety and I have been battling with him for over 8 months to attend some therapy, which thankfully (for him, not me) he is doing now, he doesn’t have therapy sessions very frequently but it is better than none.   Thing is..he refuses to do things that might help him such as reading, wether that be reading a book, leaning a new skill (even if he is passionate about it) an article or anything really, he doesn’t have the drive to stick at something until he finds it easier, he just admits defeat, gives up and wallows in self pitty and wonders why he is so bored and down all the time.  I myself find it hard to learn, but not trying means you will never learn things..so I just try and learn not matter what it takes. Yes I know it is harder for something who has ADHD but I have dyslexia and I have my own struggles, and have found ways to help me overcome things I find difficult.  He spends all of his spare time on his phone, on social media etc which I have tried to tell him that will not help but he doesn’t ever have any motivation or want to do anything else.  He has hobbies that he use to partake in when he was younger but nowadays he is so lazy and doesn’t really do anything with his time apart from work and go on his phone.   Work is very exhausting for him and he cannot work 5 days a week as it is too hard on his mental health and he says that his ADHD causes him to get in trouble at work (not remembering to do things, talking over people, getting distracted easily, not finished tasks, being too depressed)  Nobody is perfect and we argue from time to time, something happened and it seemed as if he was going to attend work when somebody was positive for COVID-19 and it made me really panic and I am high risk, so I need to be extremely careful, when he told me this person was positive he didn’t tell me he was going to stay home from work and isolate, he didn’t tell me that.   I have my own struggles, and he knows I am high risk.   I panicked, I was terrified, I was stuck I couldn’t think straight and we ended up having an argument   I know he has ADHD but how do I deal with the times when he keeps information from me that will and can help calm me down?   He says he gets brain fog and struggles to remember things and he is clumsy and messy, he says that during a discussion he cannot concentrate, his head gets filled with thoughts and he needs to express them immediately, which results in him speaking over me / butting in frequently which results in me not getting my needs met properly half the time.  He struggles to understand things that the majority of people just know or can understand very easily   I find myself explaining things to him over and over and he seems as if he isn’t listening, or speaks over me or butts in a lot, I understand this is ADHD but what can I do because he asks me to explain something that I thought he would just know already, then when I explain he doesn’t listen and it makes me irritated.  I love him to bits but it is hard for me to excuse these things just because he has ADHD, because it hurts my feelings, I feel unheard the majorly of the time, I’ve spoke to him about this but I respect the fact that he cannot just get rid of his ADHD symptoms and it hurts his feelings to hear that he makes me feel like this.  He cannot plan or organise but he doesn’t try, I don’t see him really putting in any effort to benefit his mental health and/or his ADHD symptoms,  what can I do to help?   I feel as if it’s always me tidying and cleaning and he is so messy no matter how many times I remind him to put things back when he has finished using them or to hang his clothes up or to stop leaving stuff all over the place, he is still unable to do these things.   I understand those thoughts do not come naturally for him but is there anything I can do to help him?
fbb3f54f5621a08ee13ffb68ba0125a7998be2ce2a42d0c815695d1a22dbe0ad;;;I found a Home here!!!!;;;Just dropping a line to say I didn't even know this sub existed and I feel like I'm home 🥰. Husband is on the verge of a diagnosis after 12 years. I've been saying for years hes probably ADD (i work with traumatized youth) and hes finally agreed to seek help. Its been a journey but were finally getting somewhere. All of the stories I've been reading and comments from other spouses are like moments from our life. I'm so grateful to have found you!!  I didn't see one but can someone let me know what your acronyms are? Add/adhd are self explanatory but not sure what some of the other ones are. TIA
c48bbc679e54bc61d8ff3f3e8cc31a63fc2a63026b638fb1899862aa9d10ab1e;;;New to /ADHD_partners - looking for support as I'm struggling;;;Hi all, I've been wanting to join a support group for a while now but haven't had the courage or felt like anyone would know how I was feeling. Have just been reading posts in this subreddit and feel a lot better already. A bit of background about me: I'm NDX and my bf is DX (non-medicated). We've been together for a couple of years now and he is by far the best person I've ever met: sweet, funny, kind, smart, generous, loving - you name it...total package. I adore him and think the sun shines out his ass haha. But then there's ADD...  The main issues that we have are to do with his moods and lack of emotional regulation when something triggers him. When he gets flooded he'll want to be alone, be very stubborn, just generally not be himself. He ends up usually asking why am I with him and telling me to go be with someone else. It's like every argument is the end of our relationship when it's simply just a fight (often about the silliest things). In the past he said 'I'm done/I'm leaving' but has stopped saying that now as it triggers my abandonment issues... though I think anyone can agree no one would want to hear that. **My question is, how do other people in this group handle nastiness/namecalling etc in an argument with their ADHD partner?** It really gets me down and I'm finding myself retreating to the bathroom to cry a lot more lately (which then ends up with my bf asking WTF is wrong) because it gets too much. I also get sad that it seems like everything is so perfect when we're really good, but then I say something triggering by accident and the rollercoaster starts again. It can be like walking on eggshells. Once he's calmed down/isn't flooded, I can have such a loving conversation with him and he's so remorseful for what he says in the heat of the moment. But right now it's like groundhog day thanks to this pandemic. I try not to tell him how hard it is for me because I really empathise for him - I can see the struggle he's having with his ADD right now but is that really an excuse? **What have other people done in this group to put an end to the insults and putdowns in arguments?** My therapist suggested just putting on an imaginary shield and reminding myself whatever he says in an argument isn't true but it's so hard. I also want to hold him accountable for what he says, right?!  I should mention I've been trying to use boundaries (with a lot of trial and error). Whenever he calls me a name, I say "I don't like being disrespected - let me know when you're able to speak to me respectfully" (which he hates obviously!) or when he says he's not coming to something (when he actually does want to) I'll say "I'm sad you're not coming but I understand you don't feel like it, that's fine". I get the usual "You're abandoning me" "You clearly don't care" etc. Actually since I've started having more boundaries I've found it's set him off more and he's pushing for a reaction more. **Has anyone else found that?**  Also, he's going to be trying medication soon as he has acknowledged he can't go on like this. I feel horrible sometimes blaming the majority of our relationship issues on ADD but honestly right now, it is the driving force of our arguments. I just want my feelings acknowledged and for him to make a change for himself, for me, for us. **Has anyone here got a partner with ADD and found relief for the moods with medication?** He is so great with his ADD management otherwise and I sometimes even forget he has it.    Above all I'd just love someone to say they know how I feel :( I've read all the books and want to understand ADD much more but I'm feeling really shitty myself. I love my bf so much and don't want to be without him but when I tell him I'm struggling with his moods he really worries I'll leave him even though I don't want to. I shouldn't have to leave him to have the life we deserve! Surely there's another way, where he gets support, and he treats me like I want to be treated - without the rollercoaster. I just want him to get better and feel good. Please give me some hope!!  TLDR; DX bf has mood swings and struggles with emotional regulation, calls me names and says things he doesn't mean - is there anyone who's gone through the same and has advice on boundaries, self care for NDX partner and whether medication has helped? TIA!  xxx
1b5344c13a96e69eb8e1d10f03ec110c04be42cdb0f267c2fab3fd19a3a09fab;;;DX husband - am I the “bad person” in our relationship?;;;My DX husband (32M) and I (28F) married 12/2019, and recently I’ve felt I made a mistake doing so. (I apologize for the long post)  He suffers from depression as well as ADHD, and while he’s in therapy and on anti-anxiety meds as well as Adderall, we haven’t seen much improvement.   — Intimacy is at an all-time low. We have sex once or twice a month, and I initiate. When we do have sex, it’s a few minutes and then that’s it.  — I have to remind him to do most chores: cleaning, calling the doctor, general tidying, etc. luckily he doesn’t forget about helping with our pets, but otherwise I manage 80% of things.  — He doesn’t ask me how I’m doing emotionally. Our conversations mostly revolve around him, his depression, and his ADHD.   Recently I’ve felt at such a loss.   In his therapy sessions, he says he feels that I am overly critical of him, that I need to be his “cheerleader” and support him when he forgets to do things or feels upset— and I’m happy to be the support he needs. But anytime I get even slightly frustrated that he hasn’t done something he said he would, I fall into the “bad guy” role who isn’t supporting him. He calls himself a failure, and I feel like crap, as he says I cannot express disappointment or frustration with him.  I’m exhausted, emotionally, physically and mentally. It feels like while he is working through his problems, I’m there as his therapist, coach, cheerleader, and parent, all the while trying not to hurt his feelings when I express any emotion other than support for his journey. But the fact is he is only managing his ADHD 5 days out of the month, on average, before he reverts, and I’m there the rest of the time trying to manage both my life and his.  I’m so tired of feeling like the bad person and hearing his therapist say I need to be more supportive of him when all I do is try to do that. I’m tired of working through my own life problems while trying to be peppy for him, and if I’m honest, the lack of intimacy is creating its own share of resentment.   I’m at the point where I don’t know if I am in fact the “bad person” in our relationship like how he makes me feel, or how he expresses who I am to his therapist. I’ve tried and tried to be supportive, and now I’m wondering if I’m being gaslit into feeling like something I’m not.  Any advice would be appreciated- I’d like to be more supportive while feeling OK with expressing my feelings to him. Does anyone have experience with this? And please tell me how I can do better if in fact I am the bad one here.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Back again to get things off my chest because this is the only space I can safely do so. I can't even react "normally" to basic behaviors anymore.;;;I spent half my day today just being mad at my partner and the other half being sad that I felt mad about such a thing.   About a week ago I was looking at apparel on Bernie's Campaign site because I was interested in buying on and donating to the campaign. My BF sat next to me, saw me looking, and ended up trying to buy us both a shirt. It was late at night and apparently the store was "closed" so we couldn't complete the order. It quickly left my mind and I found myself silently wondering yesterday if we actually order the shirts or not.  I got my answer today when my BF texts me from work to say he got himself a shirt. He was scared they would sell out so he just went for it he said.  Now I get that this isn't a big deal and under normal circumstances I'd have just ordered one for myself and maybe one for him too (as was my original plan anyways) but our relationship is far from normal and far from happy or healthy.   All I could focus on was how he took an idea that was originally my own, did not consider me or my wants, and proceeded to immediately boast about it to me. So he couldn't comprehend that I would maybe possibly still want the thing that was agin, my idea, but immediately thinks of me after the fact.   Knowing that if I attempted to express mild upset by this I'd be told that it's not a big deal and I'm overreacting due to a shirt purchase. He os only capable of seeing the superficial issue, never the underlying problems I've been trying desperately to work on for the past 3 years.   Don't worry about trying to give advice. I have tried quite literally every piece of advice I have found across the entire internet and it won't work because for it to work, you need tao people who see the problems *and* want to work on them with real life strategies. Only one of the two of us has been able to express areas of opportunity and only one of the two of us has had any desire to do something about it.  I wish I was numb to it at this point because I no longer have any drive or desire to make things better. I'm just biding my time. It still hurts me every time it happens though.  I also have ADD so I know the extreme amount of work it takes to improve the most simple behaviors but that also means I know what is possible. I forgot my meds today (something he won't try again) so I've for sure been especially on edge but my exhaustion and disappointment for our relationship is past repair from my vantage point.   And that blows because he is exceptionally lovely when you don't need to rely on him in any of the ways a person might need or want to rely on their partner.
c76a43389be1d003f0de934ba0ab4fad79402b48eb417e938b23ab35c42b7556;;;DX/M partner out of work and not looking, but maybe that's ok?;;;Tl; Dr: My husband is out of work and isn't trying to find any but I'm torn between having him around to deal with the stuff I can't since I'm working, and getting a job so he can bring in a check and have some structure. No kids.  My husband lost his job before lockdown last spring due, likely, to both restructuring and his ADD affecting his work ethic and accomplishment. He was upset and angry, then lockdown happened and he stopped looking. I am successful so we've been able to get by with my income and his unemployment, but his unemployment runs out in February. Trying to find work between now and the end of the year will be hard, which I said months ago, but he hasn't lifted a finger to find new work yet.  I'm starting to feel lately like he's very content to be able to stay home with our dogs, tinkering with hobbies, and not having the stress of a job to deal with. Must be nice, right? I work full time from home so I can tell he's not doing anything to try to find work, even part time. He started taking drafting classes online and I got excited it was for some career advancement, but it turns out it's to improve his hobbies which he thinks will eventually bring in money through online sales. I don't see this happening, especially with his inability to stay on task when he has obligations (like online sales, keeping up with inventory and the website, shipping etc), which he admits is a problem.  Every time I mention that we need another income so we don't have to touch our savings and such, he'll agree that's a good idea but then nothing more comes of it.  I'm torn though. Having him free all day means he can run errands and take care of dogs while I'm busy, and I like having a house husband. However, we plan to move to a new state in about 14 months and we can't do it easily on just one salary. My goal is to pay off all our credit card debt before we move but that can't happen easily or safely with only one income (we use his UI for groceries and bills). I asked him to try to find remote work since he's nervous to go into a public work space, and he said he would but he hasn't. I'm sick of asking and I'm starting to resent being the one up at 8:30 every day tied to my computer while he can barely get through the day without complaining about a headache or being tired, etc.  For those who have worked through unemployment with your (diagnosed, ideally) spouses, what did you do? How did you find work? How much did you have to be involved?
8b7e3b4619b3b395130dfdfdb6a6ae8456b3ea8d7a3711bfcc5c0697f8464302;;;Really, really struggling with ADHD bf- and not in a place to change things either;;;Don't know where to start with this as there is just so much to rant on about, but I will try to summarize:     My ADHD spouse is a (successful - but I don't know how?)general contractor, who currently is dead in the water for work right now. I am a medical admin/ dog breeder, with the latter being my current gig. We rent a 10 acre property which houses myself, boyfriend, my daughter (8 yoa), 7 adult dogs, 3 puppies, 2 horses and one cat.      Now that the preface is covered.. would like to get to the present. I do everything; literally everything. Including the thinking for my SO. He constantly leaves wrappers, crumbs, clothes everywhere, shoes wherever he pleases, dishes, power tools, etc. Anything he touches, he leaves a job for me to clean up after. One "man-associated task of garbage":  Cannot empty a garbage bin if his life depended on it, and in fact our garbage on one side of the deck it is currently stacked up to the eavestroughs (another pile on the other side of large deck is also starting to climb to the eavestroughs)- as it has been over 4 weeks that he has been saying he will take it and dispose of it, after a prompting of my reminders. There might be an area (or several areas) of the home that need help or attention but he will just walk past, for days or weeks, not caring about the need to keep things in order. He is more than capable of cooking a breakfast, but he would rather starve than start a breakfast for the family if I am tending to other urgent matters....  Last week, it was to the point where I had to remind him to shower- as our sex life is garbage. That's a whole other rant where I get zero attention or compliments or anything at all. He simply cannot do any single task without about 400 reminders and constant pushing, usually to the point where I blow up as I cannot handle having to ask nicely so many times. He does put his dinner dishes in the sink sometimes though.      I run my own business with dog breeding(Alaskan Malamute ), which is extremely busy and on it's way to extreme success and prosperity with the continuance of this 4000+ year old breed. I plan on re-populating Canada with health-tested,genetic cleared dogs that were nearly wiped out in both the world wars. This is an extremely busy endeavour, but on top of this I am the only one who cooks, cleans, does laundry, manages household affairs, and 99% of the time takes care of our.... 14 dependants.  I am absolutely losing my sh\*t.      We moved in June of 2020, and ever since, I had been wondering why my life was so terrible. I unpacked every single box from our two homes combined. Didn't hit me during our honeymoon move in... Couldn't figure out why I was exhausted, why I just could never ever keep up. I blamed it on having 2 litters within about 4 months for quite some time... it was to the point where I had no sleep for about a week or two, or no sleep constantly, and still trying to cook dinner and make sure every one was okay and fed(sometimes can barely manage basic needs for all doing everything on my own), then the breakdowns began. Crying constantly, major anxiety to the point where sleep was the devil, and my angel at the same time. I worried that if I slept, no one would get food or water, worried that my life as I knew it would be even more chaotic if I tried to sleep, as my SO was "lazy" and a pothead, he called it.  I continued to have severe breakdowns for months and months on an almost daily basis, meanwhile, my relationship with my SO was getting worse and worse, as he would only jump to help within the home (or anything) if I was severely upset and had left the home.      We are 8 months into moving in with each other, and last week, I was sitting down having beer with a neighbour, and said neighbour brought up the topic of his brother being autistic. He described some characteristics that I thought were similar to what I was experiencing, and for about 2 days wondered if possibly my SO was on the spectrum but was undiagnosed. Then it hit me.... He alwyas blew off his ADHD as resolved and self-treated (With cannabis-heavy use). He is not autistic at all, but merely has a severe case of ADHD. All of a sudden - so many things clicked. We could be in the middle of one topic, and he'd blurt something out, I'd say what? And he was already talking out loud about the next topic he is going over in his mind, but I didn't know that and was confused. Simple math equations that can be done by a non-add person, he'd always whip out his phone to calculate. Every single item/job/task that fell prey to his procrastination, was suddenly accounted for. It explained why he was just talking to whoever would answer his calls, or whoever he wanted to talk to all day long. Explained why the 10 loads of his clothes laundry from his old house (that I washed for him), were never put away. So many things all started to click....      For ya'll that are still reading and hearing me out - thanks. This is a huge post as I am new here and as mentioned earlier - just absolutely losing my sh\*t.....      I spoke with him on Valentine's Day. I had received no flowers, no hugs, no kisses, not even a verbal "Happy Valentine's Day". I might mention here that he scrambled at Christmas and said the gift that his parents got me was from him, as he had gotten me a chair massager/warmer for $80. Not that I am materialistic - a card and heartfelt notions are the best gifts. Just the scramble of taking someone else's hard gift got me at xmas, then the zero scramble of nothing at V-day threw me right off again too. I work my ass off for this person. Try my very best to make sure he has a hot meal every night, and that the house is clean, try to be loving and tender and affectionate - despite almost zero help from him. I let him know this on Valentine's day, and we talked.. Talked of his ADHD, and he did give me his attention for about an hour - promised to seek help and get on the ball.I promised that I would be right there behind him to help him, but in order for me to be there, he must initiate goals/action plans that will help us as a couple. I explained that I feel he is ignoring my health, as I am going down. Drinking alot, cannot sleep, doctor is prescribing pills and sleep studies etc., but does know I am coping with so much. My SO barely acknowledged my efforts within this talk and infact could barely control a laugh/grin as I remarked on the seriousness of it, but made a promise to research and find the tools to help us(ADHD doc, whiteboard, etc.).  Was not very optimistic about this first chat at all.     Today when in passing, as that is how terrible our relationship has gotten due to this, he laughed at the idea of more ADHD research. Shirked me off again, walked away again. Has no desire to help himself. And I am exhausted. I have no time to enjoy anything myself and am just in a downward spiral. Was near suicidal last month, and only now realize that I was very foolish to have even thought about it given these new updates.      My intricate problem here is that..... my credit is absolute shit (funny enough due to another person that had an ADHD diagnosis as well that I didn't succeed with- didn't realize many things until recently). My family can not really help me that much either, seeing as I own 5 adult dogs, and 3 puppies. It is too much for most people. I do not have much cash to get away, nor would the proper place be affordable.  I really really want to get away from this but I do still love him at the same time. Just do not know how to possibly continue on as we are . As many days I am quite ready to pack my dogs in the truck and just drive.... Does anyone have tips on how to train/help an ADHD person? I have tried encouragement, have tried threats, have tried every possible thing under the sun. He is very much so like a child that depends on someone, and he knows that he can depend on me- for everything... but... He is not the willing type and I fear I will be going down, alongside my business as well.  Any advice at all would be greatly appreciated.....
7f965b384f14fba99aff903023a49ad633c9768cc5134b0f56090f3e042cbc50;;;ADHD and Cheating;;;So. I’ve been dealing with this for over a year now. My SO (33m) and I (35f) have been dating for almost 4 years now. When we met he was caring for his disabled adoptive parents and I was just coming out of a 12 year relationship (divorce).  Ultimately I didn’t have a lot of hope in any relationship that I would have at that point and was dating around to see what it all was like.  I met my SO and was pleasantly surprised about the connection we had. So since the beginning we had somewhat of a barrier between us living together and getting closer on another level. At the beginning I was fine with this arrangement because I didn’t believe that this was going to go anywhere. Suffice it to say I did end up falling in love and wanting more. This created issues of course because he had sworn to dedicate the rest of his life to caring for his adoptive mother because she had basically rescued him as a teenager. Which I found incredibly amazing and I love him for it. It’s actually one of the things that made me fall in love with him in the first place. (His dedication to family.) Any way to make a long story short. The tension between us grew over time. I wanted him to be with me more but feeling guilty at taking him away from his parents and he felt guilty about disappointing everyone he loves by not being able to be there for everyone. He did at one time choose to move in with me for a while but it ultimately fell apart because his parents needed him again to assist them at their new living facility. They had downgraded and wanted to get assistance but were waiting on approval from the state.  So after all of that. He ended up cheating on me. But once he did it the first time he said (his words) fuck it and went all out. He started sleeping with 3 women continuously over a month and a half before I found out. Once I did I tried to move past it with him because I still love him and understood why it happened in the first place. And it was difficult to say the least. My ex-husband left me for another woman and he had cheated on me early on in our relationship too. The pain that I felt when he left me was like nothing I had ever felt before. I never wanted to be in another relationship where someone cheated on me but I love my SO and feel like this was all my fault.  I tried for months to get over it. To try to move past it and understand why it happened. Finally in December he moved back in with me all of a sudden and I found it pretty odd because as I understood it, his parents still needed his assistance.  It turns out one of the women he had been sleeping with went to the place his parents were staying and raised hell when he told her to leave. But the thing is that as many times as she had texted him he had responded with insults to try to “drive her away”. He wanted to handle things in his own way. I told him before that she was probably just trying to get his attention by contacting him and getting a reaction out of him. And the it ended up resulting in that. He ended up confessing all of this well after he had moved back in with me.  I had become paranoid at this point and eventually broke down and looked in his phone.  Apparently there was a 4th woman after I had forgiven him. Which. After everything. Is even more devastating.  His excuse was. He was still within the same mindset as the time he was with the other three.  I told him that he had completely devastated me and that I would never be the same again.  I tried breaking up with him and it only lasted a week.  It’s a lot. So much. And I get everyone is going to say WTF why are you still with him!? Since this has all happened. I have been dealing with trust issues. Especially the amount of times he’s lied about all of this to me. And he freely divulges everything that I want to “know” about the infidelities. Which so far has more scarred my psyche than healed anything. (His explanation for this is that if it was him he would be able to understand it if he had all of the details.) He’s been dealing with me being off and on emotional and paranoid. Saying that I’m over it all and want to move on and then a few weeks later something triggers me to be upset again.  Currently. I’ve been wanting him to find a job and help with the bills. He had dedicated his life to taking care of his parents before so had no need to find full time employment. But I can’t keep supporting us both on my pay for long. We had purchased a car for him last year and now the payments are past due because he doesn’t have a job and I can’t afford to pay for that on top of everything else.  I know I shouldn’t be with him - everyone tells me so.  I just want to know if there’s anyone out there that has dealt with cheating with an ADHD SO? How did you deal with the aftermath? How do you motivate an adhd to get a job!?? I feel like I’ve alienated myself from everyone I love trying to make this work. This is my last hope of finding any type of understanding if there is such a thing through all of this. Please someone help? I really am at a loss at this point.
01bea853f61dbaa7dea901910b46aeb95822d704accb8be5e47dd90fd4815653;;;(NDX) Ironic happenings and advice to help push partner towards help?;;;If this isn’t kosher let me know- I’ll remove the post ASAP  My wife has undiagnosed (in adulthood but IEP and therapy as a child) ADHD. The only thing she’s ever focused on for any period of time is her work/career. Everything else is forgotten.  She has lost her debit card (and, subsequently, mine that she had to borrow while her replacement was enroute) over five times in five years. Once it was because she was fiddling with it in a drive-thru and it went down into the door via the window.   She never remembers appointments (hers, mine, or our kids), performances for the kids, etc.  She’s never seen a gynecologist (she’s almost 30). She hasn’t seen a regular primary care doctor in over ten years.   Her New Years Resolution this year was to find a physician and get help. It’s August. Nope, didn’t happen.  Anyway- long story to the ironic part. I bought her a small, pocket-sized day planner so she could write whatever she needed to remember down. Dates, notes, whatever. I made sure it fit into her work pants.  You guys.  She washed it inside the work pants. The irony that she forgot to check her pockets (AGAIN) and destroyed the single thing that was support help her....   I’m burnt out, y’all.  She doesn’t deny she has a problem and needs help. In fact, she regularly apologizes for her actions. She knows I’m burnt out. She seems timid about the idea of medication (although I believe she needs it) but is okay with OT.  I don’t want to be her parent and find her doc, make her appointments and make her go. I have three young children already- I should t have to, right?  What are some things your partners have responded well to- in terms of finding help?
397b2e1b55012d754df0955744ad3101ab1eab4ffa0934210eab4a2e9fd1c604;;;Not sure what to do;;;Hey everyone, first time poster here! Sorry for a lot of text and sorry for possible mistakes, English is not my native language 😢   So I met this guy around a year ago. I was against the idea of meeting someone new because I'm still not over my past abusive relationships that gave me anxiety and huge self esteem problems. I didn't know how it would affect my new relationships so I just restrained myself from them. But he was nice and sweet and I fell for him. He has ADHD, diagnosed, unmedicated. He mentioned that even before I got feelings to him.    I asked if he'd like to be with me, he replied he wants everything to come naturally. We were just casually meeting and spending good time with each other. Everything was fine. He is super nice and always texts me first, literally every day. He memorizes every single little detail about me and my life and he is always here to support me when I feel bad. I obviously do the same to him. We spend a lot of time together. But we actually never get back to that relationship conversation so I don't really know if we're exclusive or not. I'm too afraid to ask, tbh. Every time I feel like I'm about to ask, but then I think "it'll stress him out", and I never ask. He introduced me to his friends and actually at some point was thinking of moving together with me, but as I said we never had the talk and we don't call each other boyfriend and girlfriend. That's a big issue for me.   The reason I'm writing this meaningless post is in his recent change in behavior. Everything was fine last week, but this week everything is terrible. We barely talked this weekend. He followed three girls from our city on Instagram and they followed him back, and I don't know where he found them because he stays at home basically all day. I started thinking that he might be using dating apps and it hurts me so bad. He still reaches out to me every day, still shares some important facts about his life, but he now spends a lot of time on Instagram and seems to be more interested in Instagram than in talking to me. I feel broken and I can't even talk to him about it because as I mentioned we're not officially committed.   I honestly don't even know what I want to get from posting this... Probably I want to know if I should worry about these girls and change in his behavior.   TL;DR I have anxiety and insecure af, he has ADHD, and we never discussed if we're in the relationships. He followed girls from our city on Instagram, and I don't know what to think.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;He will not acknowledge his ADD;;;The short version:  Have any of you dealt with dating someone who knows they have ADD but will not go on meds or get therapy for it? Additionally they actively say they try to pretend like it doesn't exist at all.  I feel like that's really unhealthy for him individually and for our relationship.    The long version:  Just this morning he forgot to set an alarm and woke up late for work. Despite this he was on his phone in bed so I quickly show him a meme I was just looking at. He yells at me about showing him and gets up, then yells at me later for not being ankle to find a belt I had worn last.   I have all the empathy in the world and can easily move forward from these types of situations if he can grow the ability to calm his tone and apologize to me, preferably with a hug or hair stroke as we both respond best to physical touch. I do the same for him when the tables are turned and it allows us to move forward in the day argument free.   We cannot even work on that issue because he says I should just get over it since it wasn't actually about me. When my anxiety has gotten the best of me in the mornings though he has sat me down and told me I need to figure out how to not take it out on him and stay calm (which I have been getting better at though progress is slow).   So what he's telling me is that I have to figure out how to stay calm as to not upset him but I also have to learn how to stay clam and learn how to not let *his* upset upset me too. Sounds like a big fat double standard to me.   And I cannot address these issues because he is completely blind or unwilling to accept where these issues of forgetfulness or angry spurts have anything at all to do with ADD. To him it's just him being an asshole. But assholes can easily learn to change behavior quickly or guess what, they get dumped.   I do not want to hold his progress to the standards of a neurotypical person but he continually backs me into a corner of doing just that. This relationship aside he is setting himself up to fail time and time again in life because he isn't addressing anything well and it breaks my heart every day.   We are both 28 and I feel he is far too old to be in such denial about the cards life has dealt him. I could go on forever with the stress I take on trying to navigate his symptoms while keeping our lives running semi smoothly when nothing is getting constructively addressed or dealt with.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Feeling like I cannot be the perfect partner I need to be;;;A general discussion TLDR is at the bottom.   I have a lot of personal issues to sort through right now. These issues are things I've always had but they've gotten much worse over the past year and half. I believe a currently undiagnosed physical ailment is the cause of this heavy increase in negative symptoms.   I am working towards getting tests done to get to the bottom of this issue and seeing a therapist just to cover all my bases. Due to my currently unstable emotional state and financial limitations, getting this help has been slow moving.   I am trying my hardest to self help myself. I am trying to cut out some of my anxieties by forcing myself out of my comfort bubble. I am trying to stay positive even when positivity isn't being shown to me. I don't feel that I am doing a very good job overall but I still try and stay positive and remember the little moments of success I do have over the times I fail.   I cannot stop thinking about how I am starting to feel that I cannot possibly get well myself while being with my partner because his untreated ADD directly plays into the issues I am trying to work on. I hate thinking about it because there is so much I love about him but I am hurting us both more each day by not being able to keep myself in perfect check.   I have barely been able to be there for myself these past few months let alone be there for him. He has been making leaps and bounds in some areas of his life and I am so proud of him for that and try to make it known that I see him. I naturally do not get the same recognition. I do not need it to recognize my success but it is a remind that he, most likely, doesn't notice my efforts at all.   I have been having 1-3 panic attacks a day for over a month now and it's become so draining.   Until I can really make leaps and bounds with my personal situation, I struggle greatly with life going "off-script" which is obviously a major issue paired with ADD. I have EXTREME sensitivity to words or perceived slights; again extremely difficult to work on when he says and does so much that can easily be perceived as intentionally unkind. There are many instances of these types of spiraling situations.   Basically the ways someone could support me in my personal journey are all things he is flat out incapable of providing. It is making all my symptoms worse and I take that out in him, making his symptoms worse in an awful cycle.   I fear that I have already said too many terribly hurtful things to him during my "see red" panic mode freak outs for him to possibly still love me. I feel like if he does still love me it's inly because he thinks he is so awful that he deserves someone who is no good to him. I am scared that we will be over before I get the help I need. I fear him not being able to see much of his role in any of this will just cause continual issues throughout life (he says he doesn't need therapy or anything because he is fine and I need to get my crazy together).    TLDR: Is it possible to be with someone who has ADD if I myself cannot be a perfectly adjusted human being? Has anyone here successfully gone through serious personal journey's without ruining their relationship with their ADD partner, especially if said partner is untreated/in denial about the extent of their symptoms?   I really feel that both of us are lacking the proper support we need to give and get from each other to be our best selves.
08f26b4c1140869fcf9064b5c2e22a7443624487c8afd2b1fba7b15ea03021a7;;;I want to leave, but I really want to stay.;;;): i’ve been dating a guy with adhd for a few months now (not a really long time, i know) and as someone who struggles with anxiety, i just don’t think this is going to work, no matter how bad i want it to.  before i even knew about his adhd, he would make these little innuendos basically trying to get me to change something about myself so he would like me more. i shut that down extremely quick. but occasionally he’ll say these little things either trying to make me jealous or still, trying to get me to change something about myself and then say that he’s kidding. another thing is that i hate not feeling seen. i’ve spoken to him about it recently, how i feel like he’s just getting bored of me. he says that he’s not, but he treats me more like a friend than an actual partner. because of the pandemic, we can’t see each other much because he’s always working and i live in a high risk house. when we do go out, its way different than texting. its really awkward and hard to carry a conversation, and any kind of pda is off the table.   when we facetime, i probably have less than half of his attention because he’s playing video games. i’ll ask him a question and he’ll laugh in response. or he’ll just talk over me. i’ve talked to him about these things, but after a few days it’s back to the same. i want it to work so badly because my past relationships have been horrible. apart from these things, he is the first guy to show me support, he’s extremely kind and understanding with me and i admire that about him. i’m trying to be as understanding as i can but it’s hard.  sorry if this sounds like a bunch of rambling): i just needed to get this out
db92d09c640514f6734f3e7c1b9e793806170c616d78e5b353c36df45b9d5fbe;;;My ADHD ex girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me.;;;Disclaimer: I'm not blaming ADHD but it did play a part.  I just need to vent.  We lived together for 1.5 years.  It's been two weeks since she broke up with me. I'm still learning to accept the reality of the break up. I'm still probably in the denial phase but it almost came out of nowhere. It all started 3 days before she asked for a break. We were both laying in bed just relaxing but she kept on looking at me like she wanted to talk about something. At first she said it was nothing but then she started talking about how she was feeling weird. (throughout our 3 years together she had periods of really low points, when she felt everything was awful and the ADHD was winning) but then after she started talking about how our relationship was starting to feel weird. One thing led to another and I asked her if she was thinking about breaking up and she said No. She said that we should talk about it some other time. Since that moment I started to do a lot of search on ADHD and relationship and just ADHD in general. Since before we started dating she told me she had ADHD but I never really looked into it. She vaguely told me what ADHD was and I took her word for it. (That was the first time I heard about ADHD) After researching I learned a lot! Most of what I was reading/watching felt like they were talking about her. I also learned that I was doing a lot of wrong things when it comes to how to deal with people with ADHD. I discovered that some of our problems were based around ADHD. A recurring problem was housework. I'm not the cleanest person ever but sometimes I was not comfortable with the level of mess that we had in our apartment. I discovered that ADHD had a huge part on that. After reading so many testimonies of people with ADHD everything started to make sense. With all this new knowledge 3 days later I finally continued the talk about our relationship. I was super excited and optimistic about the information I was sharing with her. I never intentionally made her feel bad but I apologized to her if I ever made her feel less because of her ADHD. She started crying and told me that it meant a lot to her. We have always talk about our problems to each other but we have never actually sat down and figured out a way to work on them. I told her that this time with my new understanding of ADHD we can actually work on them. I was not trying to "fix" or "cure" her just work with the ADHD to make things a little bit more easier to manage. But to my surprise she told me that she needed time to think about our future. Initially I told her that I didn't want a break. But she insisted and we did. I was really taken by surprise. 4 days into the break she calls me so we can talk in person and.... she broke up with me. She told me that she doesn't feel the same way about me as she did in the beginning of the relationship. So that was that.  I say that it almost came out of nowhere because up until the day of the first "talk" we were playful and our goofy weird way towards each other. Now I'm not trying to make it sound like our relationship was all sunshine and rainbows. We had problem just like any other relationship and I have to be honest the last 2 months I neglected our relationship because of work. We were both pretty anxious people the last couple of days. Close friends that I've talked to and some family members also agree that most of the problems we had could have been worked on. Just yesterday curiosity got the best of me and I was checking through some old texts from my old phone (Old phone has messages from her up until October. I completely deleted her for my new phone) And one of the last messages she send me was a bunch of heart emojis and her telling me how excited she is to come home to be with me. I didn't have to look back that far through the messages and there was a lot of "I love you!!", "I miss you!!", heart emojis, and cute nicknames we had for each other. She broke up with me mid December. Was she faking it? Was she forcing herself to love me?  One of the things I read about people with ADHD is that they get bored and lose all interest in a partner once that new relationship feeling is gone. Our relationship wasn't new but it was our first LTR. Love changes throughout a relationship maybe the changes freaked her out and us haven't felt like that before she might have mistake that for being out of love. I saw it as a opportunity to grow stronger as individuals and partners. (She also warned me 3 months ago that she was going to start taking a new prescription that the first weeks were going to make her really happy and then there was going to be a extremely sad period. I have a feeling that clouded her judgment.) But maybe she just got bored of me.  When I explained her ADHD to people their unanimous reaction was that it must be exhausting to deal with day to day. But in all honesty I never felt that way. Obviously it was frustrating at times but she never felt like a burden to me. She was impulsive, disorganized, and distracted but she was my impulsive, disorganized, and distracted love.  I'm currently trying to accept the reality of things but it's really difficult because I honestly thought I was going to grow old with this beautiful person. Some day I feel good like I'm starting to move on but some other days I just miss her like hell.
53d461c28e10f133d3305024df846eda3d5357ec8c4b4be6e0c70243a8f41119;;;Both my SO (30 M) and I (27 F) have ADHD, yet the onus is on me to guide us through life.;;;I'm a lady.  Grew up in a household where it was only expected of me to clean and make sure everyone was okay. My brothers were spared this duty. This gave me a distaste for men who don't clean up after themselves or who make the women in their life take charge in getting things done \[Insert mandatory "not all men" statement here\].   The fun part is...I have ADHD! Navigating life is hard as shit for me, as well, so it can be exasperating to also clean up after him.   It's not only cleaning.  My partner doesn't take initiative in his life. It's hard to type this, as I've dealt with similar issues. I guess, the frustrating part is the unwillingness to keep trying.  I can't describe how hard it is for me to function. Not only do I have ADHD, I have C-PTSD that I'm still dealing with from familial trauma. Over the past 4 or so years, with all my might, I decided to TRY to strategize my way through my ADHD.  I keep a planner, a wall calendar, a phone calendar, and sticky notes are often used. If something doesn't work, I try something else.  When I have an important thought, I note it down before it's gone.  When I'm putting something off, I do it as soon as I can before it becomes a huge issue.  This took YEARS to hone. I went from being unable to function and being a third time college drop-out to working at the college I failed out of.  Basically, nothing has been easy. I've had to do research, persist when I kept forgetting and messing up, and learn that my ADHD is not an excuse to neglect my friends, family, and my life. It is indeed an obstacle but one that can be overcome with dedication to finding solutions.  My SO has had a video game addiction the entirety of our relationship. When he's not at work, he's basically only playing games. This is his hyperfocus. The only hyperfocus he has. I acknowledge how powerful hyperfocuses can be. I intimately understand fixating on things.  This video game addiction has led to years of neglect. 8 years, at this point. I'm not unreasonable. All I want is communication. I tell him repeatedly, "If you need days to JUST veg out and play video games, let me know." because what ends up happening is that he gets on and it is just assumed that he won't get off unless I ask him to. I don't want to ask anymore. I want a partner that acknowledges hardships but that still understands that it is our duty to show our loved ones consideration.  This has led to an indescribable loneliness. I've been through a lot. We live with my emotionally abusive parents. Saving money together has been a nightmare and we are no closer to moving out than when we moved in. I've BEGGED for us to plan together, to sit down and hash out anything that needs more strategizing so I can fully heal away from the people who caused me so much pain.   My main issue is not his ADHD. I  understand how difficult it is to have it. My issue is in the belief that because something is hard, it must be IMPOSSIBLE. Again, I can see how this thought can manifest; however, I can't keep fighting MY own battles to keep my life in order AND his, as well. As previously mentioned, I've hit rock bottom in the past. Every effort I've made since has been out of a literal last ditch to survive. I finally have a job that is leading me into a career I actually might thrive in. I want to focus on my own efforts without having to also pull his weight.  I KNOW this struggle is hard. It's not any easier for me. I cry often at how overwhelmed I am and have even gotten close to hospitalization this semester. I tell him repeatedly about how lonely I am. I tell him I understand it's hard to pay attention and to remember tasks, but that we can work on ways to remember to be thoughtful like phone reminders, notes in obvious places, or keeping a journal to reflect on important things. I try to facilitate things for him. I TRY to work with him, because I understand that communication and planning is crucial in an ADHD relationship, especially when both of us have it.   It has been so traumatizing to have to explain repeatedly why I deserve to be considered in his daily life, especially since so much of what I do is to make his life easier.  It always falls back on, "It's hard for me to communicate/I didn't remember."  Honestly, those are valid reasons. ADHD fucking sucks. What I have a problem with is that those statements are never followed with solutions. He doesn't seek ways to help himself. It's hard not to be resentful when I had to do so much work to build a system for myself while caring for him, my family, school, and work. I just wish I was given credit for how much unnecessary work our relationship has put on me.  This all intermingles with my C-PTSD so much. When I try to talk to him about his behaviors, he starts off denying my experiences. This led to years of gaslighting where I kept feeling overwhelming solitude in my struggle but then brushing it off because it was never his "intention". To that, I tell him it's usually never someone's intention to hurt others, unless they're like cartoon-villain evil. While the intentions aren't bad, I still think the way he reacts to hurting me is the more damning part.   I rarely ever get an apology, and when I do, it's done with such labor and in a way that feels resentful.  At this point, I just want him to acknowledge how much his gaslighting has warped my perception of myself, how I don't feel worthy of consistent love, and how I feel responsible for his success in life.   It's felt like waiting 8 years for someone to finally care and he's currently trying to convince me he'll change by sending me links he found about ADHD. Every time, he tells me this time will be different. I'm exhausted. I no longer want to do this but am having trouble with him trying to get into my head that things will change, when I've heard this more times than I can count.
c29604b17724f275880d469a83882020caee5635be01f40c593d20d92fac6bbf;;;Blindsided me with breakup so that he could game–but why does he hate me so much now?;;;Of course, in the beginning he pursued me with intensity and promises of unconditional, undying love. He (24M) was much younger than me (33F) and undiagnosed and so the beginning was also fraught with compulsive lying and gaslighting that led me to several mental breakdowns. Despite all this, I encouraged him to find the root of his issues, and we eventually moved in together after 6 months. It seemed that with medication and his confident vows to become my "rock," we could somehow power through the arguments and his seeming inability to communicate. I still remember the way he used to gaze at me then, adoring and drunk with love.  This month marked a year of living together. We've been arguing more heatedly the last several months, but two weeks ago I witnessed a switch flip in his head almost overnight–if you had told me he swapped bodies with a narcissistic, sociopathic stranger, I would have believed it. It seemed his love for me as a partner, friend, or even *just a fellow human being* entirely vanished. Where it went, instead, was gaming. WoW, to be exact. Apparently it had been a passion of his that he kept hidden for the entirety of our relationship, because very early on, I told him that I hated how distracted he became when he gamed or watched streaming, and would never date a gamer. This was after I walked home twice in blizzards because he forgot he had promised to pick me up from work due to gaming.  So despite going through depression myself, I tried to express interest in WoW. I sat down next to him and asked for him to explain how it worked and... this seemed to be the "approval" he needed for all-day gaming marathons. We compromised then, three hours a day on the weekdays, six on the weekends. He proceeded to switch screens when I entered the room and lie. More fights ensued. He accused me of trying to control his life. Finally, fed up with being treated like my very existence was inconveniencing his gaming habit, I demanded to know if he was acting this way because he had fallen out of love. He denied it at first, but minutes later finally admitted he felt nothing for me anymore and wanted to be single so that he could game and do whatever he wanted. As I cried and held onto his stiff body, he looked on coldly and asked, "We can still be friends... with benefits, though, right? I mean, we both still have needs." Then he was back to gaming, laughing and hooting with his online friends.  I'm devastated and reeling from the heartbreak and his callousness, and need answers I'll most likely never get. *You're the only one I'll ever love, I want to grow old together with you, we were meant to be*–where? Where did it all go? Was I not deserving of some sort of warning, some communication, a chance to improve our issues? Now he treats me worse than he would a stranger–as if he hates my presence, that I'm alive. He's made it abundantly clear that if he could get away from me, he would, but we are locked into a new apartment lease that would ruin us both financially if we lived separately. So I have since made every effort to respect his space, going as low contact as possible. He's on break from school and now games every single waking moment. All else, including taking showers, eating, walking and feeding our dog that he once loved so much, is neglected. The apartment is a pigsty and reeks of dog pee and unwashed human when I return home from work. If I so much as mention that he should refill the dog's water bowl, he'll sigh and, never taking his eyes off the game, deadpans that he'll do it in 5 minutes... but never does.   I believe he's depressed–he used to be a gym rat, now he barely remembers to go once a week and will sleep 12+ hours during the day. I'm grieving and trying to heal from the whiplash, but I still want what's best for him and don't understand why he's trying to be the worst version of himself that he could possibly be. Why does he hate me so much? He says he wants to remain friends, but treats with nothing but contempt and dismissiveness. I'm in counselling for my own depression, work out regularly, and go out with friends, but I feel like if I knew why he hates that I'm even breathing, I can really move on and focus on how to protect myself against more pain. Any insight would be greatly appreciated.
6bc257df988574c3ac21eb9a43e8dc8aaf1db028ab45bfa2c2673d38be9f8488;;;Distance between between me and my partner (DX med) is only increasing;;;My partner and I are essentially in a long distance relationship. It has been about two months since we last saw each other in person. Recently, it seems as though my partner has completely forgotten about me. It takes them over 24 hours to respond to me and all the little things that they did (sending pictures of random things that reminded them of me, good morning texts, etc.) all stopped. It really came out nowhere. I feel so disconnected from my partner. It’s like they aren’t even a part of my life anymore.   We talked about it two days ago, but yet again the cycle continues. They say that they love me and seemed distraught that I thought they were trying to break the relationship without saying anything. They said they would talk to me if they actually wanted to end our relationship. We used to have problems with communication, but we navigated through it. But now it’s way worse. I can easily scroll to get to messages from two weeks ago, but before it would take awhile to simply get through one day of messages. I don’t know how to interpret this at all. I just feel so forgotten. 24 hours pass... am I really not thought about at all? Is this something that I should just accept that will happen? I feel so much doubt.. is it even a relationship if your partner is hardly in your life?
4af73a2a4f1e116407cc2bb99fd546a5e7d6b535bd89339fc88f6d72ea1d51fd;;;How did you talk to your ADHD partner about medication?;;;I love him dearly. Yet, there's this little thing getting in the way of, well, EVERYTHING, especially communication. He was diagnosed as a child and has never been medicated for it. He has mentioned it once or twice before.   Here is a bit of what I'm dealing with:  Me: *talks about an interest of mine* Him: silence  Me: *talks about a mutual interest or tries to make plans with him* Him: "oh, I thought you were just saying that in passing" or "can we talk about this later?" or "I don't want to do that (and offers no other suggestions)"  Me: *hey, I'm having an anxiety attack* Him: *goes into rage, blames me, and insults me*  I can't talk about anything. I'm having an anxiety attack right now because of it. I don't know if medication is the answer. I have more of an understanding of the reason why these conflicts may occur because of Dr. Barkley, but that doesn't stop my anxiety or give an excuse for him. How do I bring it up without him becoming quick to anger?   Frankly, I don't know how much more I can handle. This relationship doesn't seem to be going anywhere and I'm scared to communicate with my partner.   Tl;dr Boyfriend has fits of anger, won't plan things with me, and doesn't contribute to conversations with me. He's not medicated - how do I bring that up without the fit of anger?
518a9dfcafaa2deee482a6a49d081a88d62fca37da7849895f1a096c1d985380;;;Regular but seemingly spontaneous weekly arguments with my partner;;;My partner (29) is diagnosed with ADHD and has anxiety and PTSD symptoms from multiple incidents during her childhood and adult life. I’m (35) not diagnosed as living with any mental health conditions, but do occasionally see a mental healthcare professional for workplace stress and relationship advice.  About once a week, my partner and I will have an argument, and I’m struggling to identify what is causing it. Most recently, I was sleeping during the day on a Sunday after a busy work week, building a new bed frame for us, and us staying up late the previous night watching a TV show we both enjoy.  I woke up with her looking for clothes in our bedroom, and said “hey hunny” or something similar. She stormed out of the room, so I went to find out what was wrong. She said I’d ruined her day by sleeping, that she wanted to go out and play Pokémon GO with me that day, and that I wasn’t listening to her and that I needed to say “sorry”. I asked what I wasn’t listening to her about, and what the issue was.  She left the house and came back a few hours later. I said that “it sucks that we can’t be nice to each other right now”. She responded by saying that she’s felt angry and had growing anxiety all the time that I was asleep, and was upset that I didn’t “put her to bed”. We had slept on the couch that previous evening, went to bed together in the early morning, and then she had gotten up and went back to the couch after she got frustrated with the pillow arrangement I made on the bed.  I never did manage to discover why she needed me to say “sorry”, and why she had become so upset, but I think it’s because I was sleeping rather than spending time with her. It’s possible that a lot of our conflict comes from when I choose rest rather than spending time with her. She’s a student, with a maximum of about 8 contact hours per week, and I’m a full-time worker in a high-impact office, management and tech role.  It sounds like small stuff, but we both feel devastated every single time it happens. Neither of us want to endure this every week, but we can’t seem to figure out what’s going wrong either – definitely would appreciate some help or a fresh perspective!  Let me know your thoughts, if we sound like we’re both trying as hard as we should, or if you think there’s something going on here that I’m completely missing. Thanks so much!
733005bfa8c0cbb02ac9581449ef586ce9c834a7ba2f9e6229295d6e3bd0be6c;;;Navigating parenthood with ADHD partner?;;;My (DX as a child) husband has untreated ADHD. He constantly flips back and forth in how he views it. One day, he has it. The next day he isn't sure. Then he wants to 'get back on' his ADHD medication that he never told me he was ever on because according to him, he didn't think he had it! I have no doubt he has it as his parent told me so in private along with him confirming he had been on medication for it but "forgot". Outside of ADHD, he has maany narcissistic traits. Whether or not it is a personality disorder is yet to be diagnosed.   I had our newborn mid-July, completely out of the blue. My husband was not the most supportive or helpful during an insanely rough pregnancy. During delivery, I got sudden onset severe preeclampsia. Baby came out not crying and turned blue shortly after being put on my chest (later DX with respiratory distress syndrome, as he was born a month early). My husband went off to work not even 12 hours later, leaving me alone in my hospital room and my son alone in the NICU after we both nearly died. After that, I realized how low he truly prioritizes us.  Since then, I have had a lot of issues with him. I brought up divorce halfway into my pregnancy. Since having our child, I have become MUCH more serious about it. He has lied, gaslighted, and manipulated non-stop these past few months. 3 days after bringing home baby from the NICU, he totals our brand new (to us) $17k car. He says he 'didn't know what happened' and it must have been the heat - Which makes no sense as he has air conditioning?? In reality, he was too stubborn to listen when I said to stay home because he is tired. So he fell asleep and crashed (from what I know). He is also a very distracted driver in general, so now I can never trust him to drive with our child which is God awful as I do not drive. He has gotten back in contact with his very racist (I am black, making our son half black) and disrespectful family. Sent photos and information behind my back. Got "pressured" in to reaching out to his brothers by his grandmother. He is constantly hopping from new job to new job. I am home alone the majority of the time with the baby because now he has to skateboard and take public transportation to get to work which takes an extra four hours.   My actual issue here is that I do not want my son in this hostile and negative environment. He does not understand how toxic he is and every time I confront him about his behavior, he immediately launches into talk about how he promises he will change and he is going to improve and do better. Of course, that never happens. He has another major fuck up and the cycle repeats itself. I have considered leaving with the baby and just getting the divorce and fighting for full custody, but I know that I do not have the money as a stay at home mom. I feel completely trapped and he is not getting better. I think he is so comfortable in knowing there is little chance that I can leave and escape his behavior that he has learned he can be all talk and move on with his life. His family has always and still does enable his behavior. But he is a SHITTY dad, and is very aggressive with a hot temper. It honestly scares me to have him watch after the baby. Does anyone else have issues with your partner being a terrible parent??
ac31a11084d41deca95d0664d7b6aeb03815919eddd808b032a82edfc1eeee41;;;Weekly Victory/Success Thread;;;Living with ADHD requires a lot of hard work, endurance and trial and error in our relationships.  Maybe you have agreed on a new "to-do list" and it works, a new medication or therapy is working as intended, or the laundry has been done in a timely manner etc. Here is where we celebrate the victories no matter how small.
7cd73ef3cb1fe187b07279e5781c6f03b83ab44e878ade9d39ebd3fbd330c2ac;;;The constant forgetfulness is starting to feel like blatant disrespect;;;My husband has untreated ADHD. He is finally seeing someone for it but he has to do multiple sessions with the therapist first before he will get the referral for the nurse practitioner who can prescribe. But our problem stretches back years.  He constantly - CONSTANTLY - agrees to things without talking to me about them first. Big things that affect our finances or household. He will forget bills and payments till we end up with fees. It’s always stuff with the kids too...that saying “your lack of planning doesn’t constitute my emergency” is 100% how I live. I feel like the house isn’t ours...it’s his. Because he will agree to let the kids do stuff and not tell me. Or invite people over last min on a whim and not tell me till an hour before.  He knows at this point that this shit makes me insane. As a matter of fact, it’s truly the only thing that pisses me off. But he can’t stop....will he stop when he’s on meds? What can I do to get him to understand? Because I really blew up on him tonight and I do not like blowing up.
77b6845bab320bb876d1271d062998898cc5cde9c3d9c971d475d8129ba0d37e;;;Does it get better?;;;I just (finally!) found this sub. Bf of three years has bipolar 2, which we first accredited the mood swings, forgetfulness, inability to plan and finish anything. Then treated with the right amount of lithium, it took away the hypomanias and the deep depressions (= bipolar medicine worked for bipolar symptoms!), but focus issues and the likes did not change one bit. Then he send me a list of ADD symptoms, and it hit me so hard in the gut, 8 out of 9 symptoms are severely present all of the time, and we are absolutely certain that he has ADD. He is waiting for the appointment at the doctor to give him a referral to the psychiatrist who will diagnose him and probably give him some drugs for it. Meanwhile he is talking to a psychologist and psychiatrist at the bipolar unit at the greatest hospital in the country while waiting for CBT/psychoeducation in autumn (but only related to bipolar). I have pulled myself a little from the responsebility and just set up boundaries: take your meds and communicate. Think about strategies, tell me about them and *ask for help if you can't do it alone*. I'm so tired, I'm stressed, I used to be able to empathize, but I feel like he executive and emotional age does not match the 30 year old adult I assumed to be in a relationship with. I feel like we're drifting apart because my baseline idea of a good relationship is a place where we are a team, communicating, planning, doing what we were planning and a place were we are thoughtful and attentive of eachother.   Can this ever be true with someone with ADD? Is it better to not drag this out till it becomes very ugly and we are both depleted and not trusting eachother?   My ex husband has ADD. His girlfriend is a saint and sweet and runs the house with their two small children and my kid (10 yo) part time, SHE checks the mail and handles anything regarding my kids' school or hobbies, like messages, payments, birthday parties, because he can't handle it, he forgets, is unstructured and gets angry at paper or computer applications. He's medicated now and I don't see a big change. They're still not equals at home, he takes care of the fun stuff and she does all the emotional labour. It's fine, because it works for them, but I don't want that in *my* relationship. My boyfriend doesn't want it either, and he has already worked hard to change some significant things. He's now in control of some huge things he was oblivious to before, but we're not nearly there yet. I still too often feel like I'm unequally in control and have to check up on things wayyy too often. Also I so often feel like I'm being a mom. I need him so desperately "to grow up" (I'm so sorry if this is offensive. He probably can't help it. I lack better words), will he ever be able to?
a48eb77185c4fc5df77a42f52e4541f0d03a1f335f235eefe6af0b2cb064f02e;;;An update on an ADHD ex;;;I broke up with my ADHD on what seems to be 7 months ago. We were together for two years.  Since then, I have not been left alone by him.  For the first 3 months it was fine (we were in different countries). Then, in December out of the blue, he showed up in my town again to come back and make it up to me. Note i broke up with him, didn't want to make anything up. He showed up with flowers, chocolates just wouldn't leave me alone.  I explained to him its over.  He showed up a couple of weeks later under my house. I explained again. He said iaccept that but can we just be friends and have a chat every couple of weeks. I said not now, you're not ready.  He hangs out with my brother &amp; asks all my friends how i am, ive repeatedly told him i loved him but not see him as relationship material anymore.  January, the same. February, he showed up at the train station, he told me hes getting help but in a normal adhd fashion, he feels guilty and he keeps replaying in his head all whats happened till the break up. I told him to back off and that im moving to another country soon, he messaged me that he loves me but he needs to let it go.  Yesterday. ''Hi, do you want to go for a beer? Just that nothing else. Say something''.  I'm moving away to another country next week. Do I tell him, or can i just block him at this point? What of it is ADHD? Why can't YOU just leave it alone finally....  Sorry for the rant. Any similar experiences, tips, would be appreciated.
fb731eae737d7e9e9a2edae9df0de33f1d01bb59fc36f3200f28e6c98e68417b;;;Feeling hopeless;;;I’ve been in a relationship with my Dx boyfriend for about two years and the same problems seem to persist. We’re both 20 and started dating senior year of high school and very quickly moved in together. He is medicated and has been for a long time.   The first few months of our relationship were really great. I was impressed with his wit and sense of humor, we went on fun dates. Sexually, it was really intense and I was super happy to find someone who I felt sexually compatible with.   Things began to get real when we started living together. His ADHD symptoms had started to affect our relationship precious to this but it got so much harder when we started living together.   I feel like I can check every box on the “frustrating ADHD relationship” checklist. We’re always arguing over chores, I feel neglected and lonely, our courtship was intense and then things went downhill, I feel like I’m always nagging and mothering.   We’ve been arguing over chores and his messy habits since the beginning and I feel like not a lot has changed.  I still feel stuck with the burden of making sure the kitchen is stocked and clean and a million other chores. His defense is always that I need to relax, things aren’t that dirty and I just need to let it go. Alternatively his other defense is “well how was I supposed to know?”.   Both of these make me endlessly furious. I feel like I’m Hades from the Hercules movie about to straight up burst into flames. However, expressing any anger or discontentment or any emotion kicks his oppositional defiance disorder into full swing and takes extreme offense. I’m so tired of being the capable one.   He has a lot of trauma regarding disappointing and failing the the people in his life and I try to be tactful but sometimes I’m just exhausted.   Besides for the chores, I also feel super lonely in our relationship. When classes start to get difficult our relationship suffers. He’s terrible at working proactively on big projects and is always super stressed. There hasn’t been a semester where he hasn’t had to stay up all night and ignore me for days because of his procrastination. Not to mention that during these periods he does absolutely no chores. I usually end up cooking him dinner all week and doing all the housework.   I’ve repeatedly asked for more affection and little acts of love, emphasizing how anticipating my needs by doing chores is important to me. We just had a talk about love languages a week or so ago and it seems like nothing has changed.   I relate so strongly to all the other stressed, overworked, women on this subreddit waiting for a glimmer of hope. I’d love advice on how your partners manage their ADHD.
dae066f9114bf3f93b03140f2d4e90053f8b3bf8d680c969f39342cfa80a6173;;;Recently Diagnosed Wife, grieving for my lost life, tell me it might be ok;;;My wife was diagnosed officially a few weeks ago after a lifetime of struggling. She has an appointment to see a psychiatrist in a couple weeks and has just started seeing an ADHD specific therapist. I think im going through some stages of grief. I must have passed denial (it's going to be OK, she'll get treated and be able to have a normal life) and now im angry/depressed. Im afraid she won't ever be able to get her shit together enough to have kids or have a career and I'll be supporting a grown child that can't get a real job or take care of a family. She has a few personality traits that make it extremely hard for her to move forward: she cannot ask for help (I have to force it on her), she can't say when she's confused or doesn't understand, and she can't trust others with her struggles. I guess those are all pretty much the same. The bottom line is every failure, weakness, and mistake she makes she hides. She has overwhelming shame and guilt about pretty much everything.  &amp;#x200B;  Can anyone please tell me it's not as bad as it seems and that medication and therapy will help her? Can I expect to have a normal life? When we got married I knew her as a woman that had some social anxiety and self esteem issues that made it hard for her to be brave and try new things, but now I realize it's the ADHD all along that's made things so hard for her. With the diagnosis it feels like a death sentence, things will never improve.
150bd004666c38a71f86482e9cac57b4e854f0a9ac49dc022b47fd5c6352459b;;;ADD in a Realationship sucks;;;Hello I\`m (23 f) and Im in a realationship with my bf (m26) since a year right now.  I love my boyfriend from the bottom of my heart and the first months were the best of my life. I got so much love and  it feels like I finally found someone who understands me in a deep deep way. And he felt the same way.   But it  started to change. I don\`t know how to deal with the ADD and it drives me crazy. He isn´t that attentive and sweet anymore and I often feel like I´m  unnecessary and lonley while Im with him. He focused on other things and  drift away with thoughts. And seems to lost the interest to spend time with me after an hour  or 2.  Before that I was the priority and he wanted to be with me  7/24, but know he wanna be alone most of the time and that\`s okay .Don\`t get me wrong, I know its a normal and healthy thing to have me- time and didnt see the partner all the time but if we meet, he\`s overwhelmed fast and want to be alone again  That hurts..  he said thats a phase and that comes and goes and  I dont know how to handle these situations. I feel like I cant make him as happy as before.   I had no issues with the ADD before. I clean up everything, handle all the stuff he forgot. Have understading for the things he miss. Support him all the time.  But I really dont know how to deal with the mood swings. Sometimes he´s depressive and even didn\`t  know why. I really wants to help him but he seems to be okay with that as long as hes alone. Im worried about him and the situation. Should I just waint ? How can I be there for him? And how can I deal with that feeling of unnecessary while he has these phases?   Has anyone experience with that kind of mood swings?
f19b1f92caf5a7ac7bf63c78d540edaf61e86af4c406caa372258ef53151016a;;;My partner (adhd) and I of one year never have longer deep talks;;;I have tried to talk to him about it, as something that is important to me, to show you have interest in the other person and that you care. He says he has a hard time with it and it doesnt come naturally to him.  Today I bought a game where there a small to big questions, I thought it would make it easier for us to have some of those conversation where we get to learn about eachother. But very quickly it was clear that he again would space out when I talked, and fast talk about himself, or focusing on the next card.  I dont know what to do anymore. Now he is on his computer again. I cant do it anymore. I dont know if this is adhd or just plain out narcissism.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Victim mindset/looking for pity;;;My partner seems to want pity and sympathy more than he wants to improve his situation. It is really hard for me to relate to that way of thinking. He finds out about a problem and just falls into despair instead of thinking if solutions. How much of that is the primary executive dysfunction and how much is due to being diagnosed late in life so developing secondary issues? How do I learn to deal with this? Because I just resent that he has this huge list of reasons he can't be a full partner to me (mostly physical health issues but some mental health ones also), and he resents me for pushing him to problem solve when he's too busy feeling sorry for himself. We have tried couples counseling and I said no more until he does a lot more work on his own.
054fc94935e62fad8e739f97d8df63ec2a8b4a1f76060968cd7ba7be42036e32;;;my (19f) ndx partner (21m) has tendencies that are starting to get annoying;;;need advice &amp; help please  ok backstory me n my partner have been together for almost 4 years. my partner has not been diagnosed but hes been trying to get an appointment at a hospital to see if he has it bc recently he spoke to someone who does have adhd and he resonated w everything &amp; he has a lot of adhd symptoms n such i feel like after finding all this out his symptoms amplified? almost as if he is purposely idk how to explain it.   i was the one who suggested he should go see a doctor about it so he can get real help but then he said if he was prescribed meds he'd feel like a loser who needs a crutch (knowing that i am diagnosed w major depressive n anxiety disorder n am in fact, on medication lol)   anyways we have arguments almost every week because he forgets to talk to me for hours-days &amp; sometimes it feels like hes doing it on purpose? i know he isnt but he seriously cannot even take a second out of his day to be like "i will be busy today" or reassure me or anything. no more good morning or good night texts. at first i understood n have always been patient w him about it n even when we first got together he admitted he was a terrible texter n i understood. n i only ever expect small things like updates on his day or what he is doing that day (so i know if i should text him or not)  i try not to be upset with him because i understand that some things like being distracted n side tracked is not his fault n he doesnt do it on purpose but whenever i like bring up these things he just says something along the lines of "i mess up and im gonna continue to mess up" n i should just accept it basically? and it kind of seems like a lame excuse? am i overreacting? i literally do not ask of anything from him or even expect anything at all anymore. he wont talk to me all day sometimes n only calls me at like 2am to facetime and then sleeps on call. sometimes i feel like im not even his partner anymore idk its all so wishywashy i guess?   please help. if he does have adhd what can i do to be a better partner? am i a sucky partner for wanting more affection? im just scared i guess for the future bc we're planning on moving in together soon &amp; idk   tl;dr my partner may or may not have adhd &amp; somewhat neglects me and says that he's gonna make mistakes (due to adhd) n that i should just accept it
44032c391c6c2a32a75c8fa496638a1a68706d066ee44d343d0f6a50ec2f8253;;;Trying to cope with realizing how much my (DX, 28f) partners ADHD affects me (nonADHD, 27f) during the pandemic. Looking for advice and support;;;So, long story here. Loooong post, warning ahead of time.  My partner (28f) is diagnosed ADHD. I (27f) do not have ADHD. We also both have been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Clinical Depression, and CPTSD. We’ve been together for 3 years.   My partner believes she is also Autistic, but has not been officially diagnosed. I agree with what she thinks, and don’t believe you HAVE to be officially diagnosed to be on the autism spectrum.   The situation that has led to this is kind of odd because while my partner DID disclose that she has ADHD, it’s clear that she’s sort of tried to avoid focusing on this diagnosis in her recent adult years, she was diagnosed at 5 and has had bad experiences as a child/teen with strings of bad doctors, bad experiences with medication, bad therapists, in addition to (and partially because of) bad and abusive parents. I have dated a few people with ADHD who have told me similar experiences, so I wasn’t surprised by this, and I think in a way I also sort of didn’t focus on this diagnosis.   My partner was in therapy until March, when the pandemic started. However, her 2nd to last therapist who she had for 3 years was not the right fit for her. She got connected to this therapist through resources for uninsured people, and this therapist seemed to be in the business of just like, I don’t know, very bare minimum talk therapy and not helping much with coping mechanisms and tools or addressing longer term issues. My partner got a new therapist at the beginning of the year who seemed like a much better fit... and then that therapist stopped contacting her after COVID started. So she’s been without therapy during this extremely tumultuous time.   My partner was working a customer service job the whole time we’ve been together. Objectively speaking, the job itself fucking sucked. And it sucked even more hearing the specifics of what she dealt with every day. She actively disliked her coworkers, her managers were rude and aloof, she dealt with BS from customers all day, and her body hurt from manual labor and standing for 8 hours. All around, most days I’d pick her up from work and there’d just be this depression and anger cloud above her. It got to the point where when we moved together I offered to pay for everything if she wanted to quit because I was tired of seeing her miserable, it just didn’t seem worth it. She kept refusing my offer, so I just would remind her every month or so that the option was there. When the pandemic hit, coincidentally she got fired. It seemed sketchy and pandemic related, but there weren’t many options to fight it. I was over the moon about it, because finally she had an opportunity to find a better fit for her, or just chill out for a while.   The first couple weeks after her being fired were the most happy I’d seen her in years. We had a lot of laughs, a lot of sweet moments, a lot of sex we hadn’t been having in months.   That abruptly stopped when the reality of the pandemic started to set in. And understandably so. She’s immunocompromised and has chronic bronchitis, so the threat of COVID was really scary, and still is. At that point, she did not want to work outside in the world anymore, and I agreed that I would absolutely not coerce her into doing so, even if it was hard for me to pay for everything on my own. I have an office job and we got shifted into remote working, so I was able to stay safe at home.   Being with each other 24/7 really has started to highlight a lot of things, and more than anything, is all the things relating to her ADHD. It’s been really hard for me, maddening at times, and I’m not sure what to do.   First of all, her sleep schedule is entirely backwards. She’s very unhappy with it, but doesn’t know how to fix it. She goes to bed at 6am-10am and wakes up at 5pm-8pm. I wake up at 9am, and I try not to stay up past 1am because I have to work. Sometimes I stay up too late just to hang out with her, but I need to not do that because it’s bad for my health and sleep debt is a huge issue for me with my own mental and physical illnesses.   Before the pandemic started, my partner told me that if she was out of work at any point and if I was paying for everything that she would do all of the cleaning. I do all of the cooking and don’t want to change that because I’m picky and also love cooking. But I hate cleaning, I have OCPD and it gives me a ton of anxiety every single time no matter what, so I was super excited to hear this. However, this hasn’t happened at all. In fact, it’s been a struggle to get my partner to chip in even say, 30-40% of the share of cleaning, let alone half, let alone more than that.   She also has a lot of emotional outbursts. She’ll wake up at 5pm, and immediately is stomping around the house like an angry child, slamming the refrigerator door, loudly sighing and groaning, and then when she’s done she just grumpily sits and plays video games until 6am.   These outbursts are super hard for me to deal with, because they trigger my anxiety in HUGE ways. I also had a shitty mother who was extremely passive aggressive, and would loudly sigh until you asked her what was wrong so she could yell at you. So this really hits some sore points for me. Often I try to ask “what’s wrong?” or “can I help you with something?” “Can I make your coffee?” Sort of thing. 99.9% of the time she says nothing is wrong. Sometimes I’ll say nothing in the moment and hours later be like “hey, was something bothering you earlier? You were seeming frustrated” and again, most of the time she says nothing was wrong. Half the time she isn’t even aware she was emoting so noticeably.   She also is super sensitive about any perceived conflict, whether or not there actually is a notable conflict. Simple disagreements turn into her getting very defensive and rude. Sometimes we’ll disagree over something as trivial as a video game and she will be visibly upset with me for hours after. She doesn’t do anything super shitty - she doesn’t yell at me, say anything degrading or insulting, or cross any major boundaries. She just gets very very defensive and upset and it catches me off guard and then I get upset.   Our sex life is pretty dead, we have sex probably once every two months if I’m lucky.   She’s also not very physically affectionate anymore, and that’s been hard.   She is generally withdrawn and grumpy, and has very little patience for anything other than what she wants to be doing (video games or scrolling Facebook). Sometimes it’s really frustrating to try and have a casual conversation because I want to connect, and her attention span is just next to nil and all she wants to do is get back on her phone or play games.  I am a very proactive thinker and someone who sees problems and tries immediately to fix them. I don’t say this to sound better or brag about myself. This is actively a problem for me as I frequently overwork myself and take on things I don’t need to, and contributes to my anxiety. Because of this, this creates two issues. 1. It is super hard for me to empathize with how her brain doesn’t have her realizing and analyzing everything all the time to look for solutions and 2. I try to help her with things and then they still don’t get done, because I put in my part to help and she entirely drops the ball on her part. Like for example, when she first lost her job I told her i’d send her links of jobs I think she’d like. She asked me for help with this and I was happy to do it. Did she apply to all the jobs I sent? No. I think I had sent her some 50 jobs over the course of a couple weeks and she ended up applying for one after I asked how the applications were going.   I don’t know what to do. My therapist says that my experience with her is extremely common for couples where both people have depression and anxiety and one has ADHD and one doesn’t. She says my partners behaviors make perfect sense in context, and that she likely needs to be in DBT therapy as well as medicated. She gave me a referral to an ADHD therapist, and I talked to my partner about it and she wanted to pursue it. But then that practice stopped taking new patients due to COVID.  I work full time, my job is very stressful. I am also a mentally ill person, and my anxiety runs me ragged a lot despite being in therapy and medicated and doing my best to cope. The pressure of keeping our lives afloat during this tumultuous time, and not being able to leave the house to not risk getting sick has been really hard on me.  I feel like I live with a grumpy teenager sometimes, and that’s amplified by my being responsible for most of the cooking, cleaning, and all of the bills. I also struggle with feeling like my partner actually wants to be with me, due to lack of overall affection, having weird varied sleep/wake schedules, and her being visibly grumpy 80% of the time.   I guess I am looking for a few things from this post:  Hearing from people with ADHD and depression/anxiety who recognize these behaviors as something they do and patterns they fall into helps me a lot. I adore my partner and I want to spend the rest of my life with her. All the things that I don’t like about her or struggle with are all clear signs to me of struggling with ADHD and depression and anxiety, but of course even though I can understand this, it is hard to feel like this will be our forever and won’t ever get better. Our relationship used to be filled with dates and fun and sex and romance and better balance of responsibilities but life has gotten more and more stressful. I’d say our first year was the above, then her job got worse and then COVID so it’s been getting worse for 2 years now. So I know things CAN be better, but that almost makes it worse because I mourn what I miss. But also it’s super understandable that she would struggle, like I’m struggling, in these very hard times. But ultimately hearing people say “I’m like this” “ i do this” “I struggle with this” makes me feel better because so much of how ADHD works is so antithetical to how my brain works I don’t get it, and hearing it confirm it just somehow helps a lot.   Also looking for advice on how to cope and how to help if possible. Now is a terrible time to find new therapists, especially as my partner is unemployed and we are not married so I can’t put her on my insurance, nor would I be able to afford to even if that was an option. I don’t know how she’s going to be able to get the professional help she needs in this time she needs it more than ever. I don’t know how to cope or help with that, it just fucking sucks. So I guess any tips or advice is appreciated.   I think the hardest part of this is that my partner is always showing so much emotion to indicate she’s having a hard time, but can’t seem to open up about it and seems to have very little self awareness. Every day is a new attempt at me finding ways to ask how she’s doing, offer her space to vent, ask if she wants some affection or something to make her day easier or more fun. Every response is “I don’t know” “nothing” “just a little anxious”.   We have had many check ins about our relationship in that despite issues with affection and mood that she does actively want to be with me, and loves me, and she is able to articulate that she feels too overwhelmed all the time to enjoy life and that affects our relationship but she wants to be with me. And I absolutely want to be with her even when it’s hard. I think the only thing that makes it difficult is that sometimes these actions make her seem SO SELFISH that I end up feeling like there’s no way she can love me if she acts like this. But then I sit, I take a breath, I google whatever behavior is bothering me and “+ADHD” and find a million articles about how this is typical behavior and I feel sad, but better. And another thing I have seen is that she absolutely will not do shit she doesn’t want to do. So I trust that when she IS affectionate, when she tells me she loves me, when she takes initiative to clean, that she is doing itbecause she does want things to be better and she does care, but doesnt always have the clarity.   It’s hard to sit here and remind myself all these things on the days my therapist isn’t helping. I don’t want to vent all of these details to my friends, I know my partner would be so worried they wouldn’t like her and I don’t want to breach her trust even if she doesn’t know. So venting here and asking for solidarity helps me a lot, especially since things are so isolating with the pandemic.  Thank you so much for listening and reading.
00fa4ecd1a06ecb6d50f6dddefc0f8efc90c07bec0a27ae0117a98486bb230a0;;;Best reminder tips?;;;Hi all  I'm a lurker here, just commented on a few things but never actually posted something, so hopefully this isn't yet another post on the same topic.  While reading through this sub, I don't think I saw a post with tips and tricks on how to help your SO remind stuff, in order to take some pressure of yourself (the non-adhd).   I wanted to share some of my tips on how I (25F) try to remind my boyfriend (M29) of stuff he needs to do. We're still looking for more ways to help ourself and the relationship, so I'd love to hear your tips!   * put his car keys in the fridge when he needs to take yesterday's leftovers as lunch. Either I tell him to put them there (and nag until he does) or I put them there and tell him. Mostly I'll get a message in the morning asking where his keys are, but it means I don't need to remind him to take his lunch, I just need to reply to a message which takes the effort off me :)   * put post-its on the front door   * use a collaboration app for groceries (we use the app 'Bring', but there are probably tons of others). We agreed that I will make the list, and with the app he can easily tick off what he already bought in the store and he barely forgets an item!   * we have a dedicated travel bag for toiletries and cables. These bags are not used unless for travelling. It helps with the 'did I forget something?' stress and the 'did he bring it?' stress  * we have a shared calendar for meetings with friends, holidays etc, but keep in mind that too much information there can be a bit overwhelming. My boyfriend turned off his notifications when I put in too much information, which is counterproductive of course.   * we have a 'to do' board in our kitchen with magnetic strips and the task. We sit together every week for 10 minutes, check our meetings with friends/family and adjust the schedule so we both think it's feasible.   * we're looking into block planning (I'm not sure this is the correct term). I'm planning on taking some fixed time blocks to do household chores with a set timer (so maybe 1h) and see how much we can get done. I'm not sure if this will work, if someone has tried this before please let me know!    Hopefully, people who are struggling can find something useful here :) please don't refrain from posting things you tried that did NOT work at all, it might also be useful!
c56e0a05ac726b68252053627bccc1aa9f087737e356a41f569922dd646ae172;;;How do you navigate the past and still move forward?;;;This is something I don't fully understand.  My ADHD partner's therapist gave him advice about not reacting to conversations with the entire weight of the past behind his reaction.  Both in therapy independently and outside of therapy together, we discuss moving forward from a problematic past.  My issue is that so much of our past seems fully and completely unresolved.  At a minimum, I'd like leeway to discuss the recent past.  I think there is a difference between being emotionally fueled by the past and discussing it as a way of moving forward.  My boyfriend seems to promote discussing the exact present, which seems incredibly convenient considering much of our past involves inequity and poor treatment from him.  I do incredibly agree with his therapist that we can't react emotionally with the entire past behind our reaction, but I think my boyfriend applies this to discussing the past as well, which feels wrong.  I personally feel like in order to move forward from the past, we need to be able to discuss it.  Particularly recent events.  A month ago we had a fight that ended with me saying that I tried to talk to him in order to make life better and he only made it worse and I was disappointed in him and then I walked away. That's where it ended.  That's clearly not a healthy, resolved ending.  Rather than reopening the conversation and acknowledging the problem in any fashion or trying to make it right in any way, my boyfriend immediately eternal sunshined everything, which it seems like he always does.  He's brought up the topic of conversation casually in the last month as though the fight never happened.  If it's not on his dashboard, he forgets it ever happened.  If it's brought to his attention, he reacts to it as though it's been annoying him for years, even though he clearly hasn't thought about it for some time while it's bothered me.  In my personal history, some of my family members refuse to let go of the past and it bothers me to no end.  The thing is they bring up stuff that has zero relevance to the present, in that it's not an ongoing issue in any way or the years passed have obviously ameliorated the previous fight in some fashion.  It's weaponized in fights and in my mind, that's toxic.  To bring up a very small, different example, I have a great relationship with my mom but she'll reference me lying as a young child or dieting unhealthily as a teenager and though I don't discuss it with her, it's a source of frustration for me since my other family members only really see me for what I am now.  With this in mind, I understand my partner's frustration but also feel like his forgetfulness and insistence on living in the right now is toxic when so many issues go unresolved and not only that but he often completely fails to learn from past hurt and fights.  TL;DR: How do you balance the past and the present/future?  On the one hand, I personally feel like the past has no place in a relationship.  On the other hand, I think my ADHD partner perpetually fails to learn from the past so it must remain a topic of conversation, which he then holds against me.  I wish we didn't have to talk about this stuff still and it pains me to do so - it's exhausting.  But it feels like "letting go" and not bringing things up would only benefit him and hurt me moving forward.
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;I’m scared this is the final straw;;;So lately all we have been doing is arguing. Yesterday was really bad I was crying my eyes out having a break down pretty much all night and morning and he didn’t have a clue I told him how I felt and all he could say is why do you feel like that. He didn’t comfort me or nothing and just like carried on playing hi game and watching movies so that annoyed the hell out of me because it makes me feel like he doesn’t care.   It’s starting not to feel the same anymore Iv been trying to back off from calling him to give him space.  I feel like ya arguing is pushing him away and I’m scared I going to lose him so I’m getting bad anxiety by the way we’re In a long distance relationship and won’t be seeing him for a couple months how do I get things back to how they was before.
50d441115de18b005d3074dd92bb45b6e0502fc19a563ab98dbbde605c85639f;;;PSA: Just because you're dating an asshole with ADHD doesn't mean your problems are based on ADHD alone.;;;I'm not going to say it's easy - we have our difficulties and struggles, but just like any couple - it's a dynamic.  The amounts of posts I read on here is beyond venting - its scapegoating. Being a neglectful asshole is not a symptom of ADHD.  That post from last week where OP said she'll never date anyone with ADD/ADHD again and the amount of commenters agreeing. That post from yesterday, about being tricked into marrying someone with ADD/ADHD. Your ignorance is disgusting, stop blaming your abusive relationships on one of the most common mental conditions that barely has to do with the traits you describe. ADD/ADHD may amplify those traits, but it is most definitely not the origin.
117ce31bd357a28be0d998598403005d51fbd17ab97151ba0dd569c9be3a3020;;;Is this normal?;;;Sooo, maybe this isn‘t the most neutral Post and it’s not only about adhd but I just Need to get my feelings out.  I‘m 15 right now and a few months ago my dad has been diagnosed with pretty Heavy adhd. He has to take his medication in doses that are usually illegal. Before he got diagnosed he was a Heavy drinker and did a lot of drug, like a lot of people with adhd tend to do, because he thought it made him „normal“. during that time he hasn’t been the healthiest and to be honest, has treated me and my mom pretty shitty. He‘s been physically violent towards me and my mom for the tiniest things, wanted to stab my mom while she was holding me when she was trying to leave him (actually, he did a lot of fucked up shit to my mom, but this is about me, she can make her own post), made me feel like shit for making any „mistakes“ ( fun fact, your child doesn’t leard how to do something faster if you scream at them and tell them how stupid they are, and no, not even if you get physical), pulled senseless pranks on me ( feel free to imagine anything from „hey, why don’t i feed my toddler peperonies and watch them cry“ to „hey, why don’t I tell my child I‘m very sick and dying„), blamed me for a lot of his problems because apparently I‘m an „asshole“ (quote), left my single mom alone with me without ever calling for 1 1/2 years because he „didn‘t care about the child if she didn’t care about him“, got into fights with me (physical or verbal) for „fun“, told me I was uncool when he tried to make me smoke cigaretts at age 6 and I did not want to and never really has shown any interest for me as a person (I mean, I have loved writing and making up stories forever and the only time he asked about it was when he asked me to write his biography) or respected me and my privacy in any way (he once threatened to kick in the door while I showered, because it took „too long“, he made me open the door, stomped in while I stood there, naked, got a fucking magazine and stomped out again)  sorry for that, I just feel the need to write stuff down.   the Diagnosis explains a lot of things. It explains his tempers and I know that all of the things he did came from a place of deep suffering. (Of course I know that neither all people with adhd, nor all people with addiction problems are like that. More importantly I know that he would never do anything like that again.  The thing is, a lot of our past has affected me mentally. I‘ve tried to talk to him about it, but he got all defensive and I endet up blaming myself to make him stop. And I know that this is past and whenever I try to bring it up he tells me that I can’t stay mad about those things forever. He is right in a way, but what he doesn’t get is that I‘m not mad about the things he did, I‘m mad about the way they’ve shaped me.   i know that brooding about stuff in the past doesn’t solve anything. I‘m in a way better place now and I’m continually growing. The insecurities, the self hatred, they‘re not a part of my life anymore. But sometimes I just walk around, I talk to myself and I get mad. I wanted to tell him for years, maybe I just want him to apologiz. But how can he apologize for something that he doesn’t even get and that I can’t explain to him, because he finds it hard to listen to other people.  so know we come to my actual question. I know my dad loves me, he shows it in his weird ways. But I can not ever talk about myself to him because he just stops listening or starts talking about his special interests.  Shouldn‘t I, as his child be a special interest? I know our relationship is complicated and that I‘ve been very distant in the past few years, I also don’t think that people with adhd can choose their special interests, but shouldn’t that be given naturally?     Thank you for listening.
38f6ddc9e6f24c412d85946d99155b419219e19bba0904a5988fe72cceaffaa1;;;My unpopular opinion (I’m Dx);;;I have ADHD and I’m a trainee counsellor. I’m also in a long term relationship with someone with highly suspected ADHD. I followed this sub because I wanted more insight into how my behaviour affects people who love me.  I want to lay out some thoughts here on a few different posts, just in case they might be helpful to neurotypical partners.  I see so many posts on here from people (generally women) who are just absolutely EXASPERATED with their partners’ behaviours. The exhaustion of being the NT partner is very real, and absolutely valid. I hear you - I joined this sub to be able to hear you. You’re tired - you want a partner that is present, engaged, reliable, interested, curious about you. You want a partner who matches your effort and attention, and who shares half of the responsibility - not only around the house, but within the family. You are tired of being the calendar, the sounding board, the family glue.  The reason why I’m writing is that I regularly see evidence in this sub of many people who are at their wits end with their partner - and as a way of trying to solve the problem, they have understandably forgotten that there is an irreducible difference in the way our brains can and do function. We don’t think differently to you because we choose to. We don’t think differently to you because we are lazy or complacent.  And the most important one of all:  We don’t think differently to you because we don’t care about you.  I’m here a fresh reminder of the fact that I know you resent so much: This person you have picked isn’t going to change.  Of course, I don’t know your partner. I don’t know their capacity and potential. But what I do know is that ADHD is not curable, and is therefore a terminal condition - meaning that the best case scenario is that it is to be accepted and managed.  Your partner is terminally ADHD. That isn’t just an empty thing to say. It’s important because I mentioned that the best case scenario involves acceptance.  Many people in this sub, due to their inability to tell themselves the ugly truth, refuse to accept who it is that they’ve picked as a life partner. I really do empathise with this - I’ve never done this with someone who has ADHD, but I’ve had multiple relationships that I lied to myself about.  Many people in this sub float doubt continually about their partner’s true capability and capacities - they measure their partner against a perceived idea in their own minds of what their partner is capable of. But the potential you imagine about your partner is flawed because that potential is something you made up in your own neurotypical mind. I know that is a hard pill to swallow but I’m going to say it again because it’s so important...  You have an ideal in your mind about what your partner is capable of - this is because you have a sense in your own mind about what this persons “potential” is. But potential is not real. Potential doesn’t exist in the material world. It’s an idea... it’s a prediction. But this idea you have is tainted by experiences and then subsequently assumptions you have about things like motivation, cognition, memory, focus etc. If you’re being honest with yourselves - for most of you, this “potential” you see in your partner, is actually based on an imagined version of your partner without ADHD.  But their ADHD is terminal. The potential is a lie. It’s a harmful and oppressive lie because it holds someone else - who is disabled, by the way - to unrealistic standards.  I can tell you firsthand that other people’s idea of my potential has wrecked my self esteem for YEARS. I hated myself. Felt deeply ashamed of myself. It was abusive to be held to truly unrealistic standards that I could never reach, and has left me with crippling perfectionism.  If you’re going to roll on in here and say “well I pushed my partner to do X, Y and Z, and they’d be nothing without me” - well good for you. Pushing your partner to do well isn’t necessarily bad.... I’ve never argued to call that bad. What is bad is taking that internal wish - that “I wish my partner didn’t have this disability” - and trying to externalise it by denying that the disability exists (I.e. Saying, “are they just doing this to piss me off? Because they’re lazy?” Or my personal favourite, one of the most common micro aggressions - rebranding their attempt to explain what is happening as an “excuse”)  It’s going to be brutal to hear this, but if you’re going to rebrand your partner’s symptoms as excuses then you are actively working to undermine your partner’s mental health. I’m not for a second saying that their behaviours don’t undermine your mental health as well - I imagine they absolutely do! But you have picked a person with a literal brain impairment, which is why they act the way that they do. If you reframe their attempts to understand themselves and their situation and share that with you, then you are literally gaslighting them, even if you don’t mean to. And if this is a position that you and your partner are at - where you are literally doubting the existence of their issue - you shouldn’t be together.  I want to reiterate that pushing your partner towards betterment is not bad. Pushing someone with a disability to do (for them) what is impossible, reframing their explanations as excuses and pretending they have more will power and control over their symptoms than is realistic.  There IS a window of control that we each have, but I promise you, I never lie about my symptoms. They are a chaotic force in my life, and I’m at mercy to them most of the time. Even if I created a bullet proof system (which doesnt even exist) they aren’t gone away - they are temporarily managed for the duration that I have that exact system working as well as it can. But is no system to catch all of our idiocyncronies - and even if there was, both designing and maintaining systems are the EXACT things we are unable to do. So our systems are forever slipping and breaking.  That’s probably why you feel like a bloody manager to your partner - or a parent. It must suck from your perspective! You have to manage this adult human being who might look to be refusing to manage themselves.  It’s not refusal to manage - it’s near inability.  I’m saying this, because even as someone who has had 3 years of therapy, and works as a therapist myself - I STILL mostly can’t change almost all of the rubbish behaviours I have. And I hate them too, trust me. But for my own sake, I need to accept them as a part of me. I need to understand them, and have them accepted into my relationships. I am living with this fundamental limitation. And I accept that, and I only choose other people who accept that. It doesn’t mean I don’t challenge myself or create new systems to help me manage, but it does mean that I need to accept the parts that I simply don’t have a system to compensate for.  I know it’s hard to hear but here it is...  - Your partner isn’t changing (for the most part) - Yes, their symptoms are real, and most of them are here to stay - Even the symptoms they manage are unlikely to be manageable at all times - Your ideal of this person’s potential is a literal idea that exists only in your neurotypical mind and should not be accepted as being rooted in reality - it is fundamentally faulty because it is formed from your experience and understanding of cognition, not a neurodivergent experience and understanding of their differing cognition - Measuring someone against an ideal of them without their disability is extremely unhealthy relating and is extremely harmful to your partner - Accepting the existence of the problem and validating the existence of your partner’s own unique experience is as fundamental to living healthily with ADHD as is forming systems to help them live with it   Finally - My wish for you is that you are honest with yourself. Do you want to leave? Please let yourself leave. You deserve to be happy - you really, really do.  I understand this might really upset some people. That’s okay. I’m here to tell my version of the truth as someone with ADHD. I cannot talk for all people with ADHD, but I feel like my perspective may help some people.
bac0898c1ee1035c29438aeb6dca45211477dd389b0b87fd9188f538fa3fe247;;;Husband's (dx) ADHD quirks trigger my PTSD / anxiety. Help me explain my "erratic behaviour" to him.;;;TLDR: In the past I've found great info-graphics and succinct articles (4 ~ 6 paragraphs) on why survivors of abuse behave or cope in ways that can be hard to understand (example: flinching at certain words), but now that I'm specifically looking for that sort of material, I can't find any. Any help finding easy to digest materiel for my husband so that he can better understand my reaction to triggers would be much appreciated.     ------------- -------------- ------------   My husband and I have been working through some issues and it's apparent that he doesn't understand the depth in which past trauma has altered my behaviors and reactions to stimuli. He sees "over the top reactions" to simple things as a sign of bipolar disorder or mismanagement of my (diagnosed) depression and anxiety.    He has was diagnosed with ADHD shortly into our marriage has struggled to see the full impact of ADHD on both his own life and on our marriage. Since his diagnosis, continuous treatment and recognizing the severity of his ADHD have been a constant point of contention.    It is unfortunate that many of his behaviours that are caused by ADHD are extremely triggering for me.   One example is suddenly shouting, either from joy, surprise, or other stimuli. To someone without trauma, this would likely register as a strange yet benign quirk, but to me it's extremely jarring and can be even terrifying.  "Yes, I see that the man didn't use his turn signal, but he's several blocks away and the turn didn't affect us or anyone else on the street. I know that the stimuli and ADHD caused you to shout, but getting upset at me for flinching, and then being in a sour mood while I collect myself is not a helpful reaction."   Another example is how the ADHD causes instability. Remembering to do tasks, even after promising to do them, is very difficult to him. This would be frustrating, but manageable, if I didn't have abandonment and gaslight based trauma. The lack of stability, even though it's outside of his control and not being done maliciously on his part, is very difficult to handle even though I logically understand the underlying causes.  "I know that when you didn't show up at my work event, it wasn't you forgetting on purpose or avoiding me, but this was a very important event and being left alone gives me flashbacks to times when my abusers would abandon me. I know you're mad at yourself for forgetting, but your anger and frustration are even further triggering and now I'm terrified of receiving abuse for showing any sort of distress over being left hanging."   I've tried having these conversations with him in person, but short articles and info-graphics on understanding survivor mentality will sink in much more effectively, and be less triggering for me as I won't be forced to relive trauma with every explanation.  Any leads would be much appreciated!
27e466c92912d63bca1518a0a4a5f178d9a60e1ed49c75181ac021e792fb9919;;;Getting my libido/sex life back w/ adhd partner;;;So like many couples me and my partner (who has adhd and is medicated and has a therapist) fell into the parent child dynamic. We’ve been together almost 3 yrs and I have been doing a lot of work on my own to try to fix how I see him. And of course him getting treatment has helped since he was undiagnosed and untreated for the first like two years. But due to him of course still having behaviors (some that can definitely be worked on too) etc I still see him as a child and have trouble being attracted to him sexually, though of course like objectively I still find his looks attractive. I know a lot of couples are in this position and I’m wondering if anyone has any tips to kind of get myself out of viewing him that way and get back to having a healthy sex life.
79e921ec2cd1e7ce8ddf65cbd39290e0799d94a61ab189bff9d15751550c9cb5;;;“What kind of person are you to be married to a person like me?”;;;I feel like a common thing on this subreddit is that both partners in the relationship often come from traumatic childhoods - not just the ADHD partner.   My dx husband and I both came from severely dysfunctional families. When we met, I thought we would develop a partnership where we would build a better life together. Now we have some serious dysfunction in our own relationship.   There is a scene in the show called Black AF where the main couple argues, and the husband acknowledges his flaws, and then jokingly asks his wife “well what kind of person are you to be married to a person like me?”.   And that’s how I feel about most of us. Why did we connect with our spouses in the first place? What attracted me to my mess of a husband? What kind of deep issues do I must have in order to fall so in love with someone with such deep issues?
0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;...I think I’m gonna call it;;;I’ve posted and talked to you guys about my relationship with my husband. It’s getting to be too hard. We’ve been doing couples counseling for 3 years (recently stopped cuz I just didn’t see any improvement). And I just can’t find him reliable anymore and I looked at my period tracking app last night and we only had sex twice in 2020. So on top of the ADHD stuff, we also have a dead bedroom. He’s downstairs right now playing a game with a friend  (who quite frankly he spends more time with him than with me, but also the fact that I feel somewhat okay with that is not great) and I’m upstairs crying because I just feel lonely and I’ve been feeling alone for a while now. Yesterday was the first time I looked at my period app and I didn’t realize it had only been twice. And the last time was in July. And it just broke me.  I think I need to call it. At least temporarily.
22358e771376edddbd1c1ce40cc1532f42aac2bdae54c55a3e22c6e97a1292fb;;;How to bring up the topic of ADHD;;;Hello, I'm very new to this community :) and I would like some advice. (Also non-native English speaker... Sorry for low readability!)   I started dating my boyfriend about four months ago, and on several occasions I witnessed him taking medicine. He didn't tell me what the medicine was the first time, and the second time he hesitantly told me he might have ADHD, got diagnosed once and since then he's been ordering the same medicine online as it makes him calm. I didn't think that was a huge deal back then and I forgot about it.  Lately I noticed his behaviors became a bit odd, like cancelling dates in the last minute and ignoring my texts for a few days. Whenever I asked him what was wrong, he always said he was to blame and he promised to change. I believed him because he was so sincere every time. But after many honest discussions, his behaviors have not changed.  Then I started to wonder if some of the issues are caused by ADHD.  But I am afraid he does not want to openly discuss ADHD with me, given that he was hesitant to tell me in the first place. Also I do not want to hurt him in any way.  How should I start the conversation? Any advice would be appreciated.  Thanks so much for reading!
4dae3e360c217bfa0193ec571e1552769fea2486a5046466b6a738025916dbca;;;I have ADHD, this is how we manage to massively improve my partner's quality of life;;;... and mine too.   I always had ADHD but got diagnosed only last year at 38 years old and I take medication. I'm a man, my partner is a man as well, we live together for 9 years and got married 2 years ago.  The diagnostic in itself helped a lot. I understood how my brain works, my husband realised that I was not disrespectful or an eternal teenager. It really helped decrease guilt and resentment.   The treatment helped as well, I can finally give him most of my attention when he's talking to me. Most of the times, I can even watch movies with him without touching my smartphone.   But there is still one recurrent problem: my monologues. This is how we solved it.     It's happening less often but still too many times. Too many things are happening in my head and I actually enjoy to have those prolific thoughts, it's even part of what he loves in me: curiosity, creativity, enthusiasm, sincere naive amazement about so many things... but I need to constantly empty my brain of those thoughts like if I needed to make room for more, and I tend to empty it in his hears.   Solutions:    * Awareness: Acknowledging that I have that need helped me to learned to make the difference between what I really want to share with him because I know that it's a topic that he will be interested in, and what I actually just need to vent out. The latter is recognizable by my interest in his feedback. Do I care about what he will have to say about this?  Or am I just hoping that he will get as enthusiast as I am about learning about this topic but it will probably not be the case? * Meditation: mindfulness is helping me a lot to note what I'm doing and take control, but also to unload those thoughts.  * Other Alternative ways to empty my brain: having walks recording memo voice notes on my phone. I heard about people who have ADHD friends and willingly do that by talking with each other. * but the most important of all, the one that had the biggest impact on the quality of life of both of us, but especially his, is **BLUNT REMINDERS**.   When I start a monologue, I'm listening to my own voice. If the reminder is not obvious enough, it does not work so much. It really needs to be a blunt, very direct statement. The blunter, the better.   A big condition for this to work is CONSENT. Se we did that in three steps:   1. explain how it makes us feel, so we can both have empathy for each other.     1. He feels exhausted when I repetitively do monologues. He also has a lot to share with me and feels like my monologues are taking all the space. He sometimes needs silence to think or rest. It's overwhelming and exhausting. He feels used as tool, the monologue does not feel like sharing anyway because it's a one-way conversation. But he also cares about me, and know that I need it and is afraid to offend me. Also, I don't always accept easily when he needs a break because it makes me feel rejected and it does want to make me feel rejected.    2. I feel the need to vent my thoughts, I want to share everything that I get excited about in the hope to share the excitement. After it's happening I have a second thought effect that makes me feel like shit because I lost control again and I think I not interesting to listen to, because I talk way too much. 2. Accept that both our well being matter.     1. He should not sacrifices his own sanity and well being for me. It's normal to be overwhelmed, and need to say STOP. It's OK to not be in the mood for patience and diplomacy all the time. He's allowed to being fed-up and needing a break. He should not feel guilty about that. His thoughts are as important as mines. It's fair for him to claim my attention when he wants to talk. It's OK to not always be able to help me. I also have to help him.    2. I should not be ashamed of my need to vent my thought, I'm not doing it because I don't care about him. I'm not selfish. It's not my fault. I care about him. I have alternative ways to cope with that need but I sometimes fail to keep the control and that's OK. I should not feel guilty when it happens, it's OK to need help to note when it's happening. 3. Agree on the blunt reminders    1. He's allowed to stop me anytime in a very blunt way. The bluntness is helpful. But even if it was not helpful, he's allowed to not be in the mood. There is no resentment to my lack of control, nor fear to offend me.    2. I commit to not be offended, there is no resentment to the bluntness, nor guilt for the lack of control. I know that he loves me and care about his well being as much I know that I care about his.  Here are a few examples of blunt reminders depending on my partner's mood of the moment:   * "Hey, hey, STOP. you talk too much. I'm tired, it's not nice" * "Honey, your word count for today is nearly over, it's my turn to talk now"   * "Hey honey, you're literally vomiting your thoughts in my face right now, and that's not cool. I'm not enjoying it" * "Stop, you're doing it again. Stop and listen to your breath for a minute, think about what you really want to SHARE with me and if it really cannot wait, I will give you 2 more minutes of my attention, but after that, I want to have some me-time, OK?" * "Hey, I love you, but what about you shut the f\*ck up right now and give me a long silent hug? I need that" * "OK, you entered in monologue mode, is there anything that I really need to know? I don't necessarily need to be alone or anything, but stop talking at me and start talking with me"  * \[Make a "call for time-out" hand signal\] and \[leave the room\] or \[take his coat and go for walk without saying a word\].  Not only it improved both our quality of life, but it also decreased the recurrence of the monologues. Because most of the time I cannot unload my thoughts that way anymore, my brain got used to using the alternative ways in priority.  Also, my husband feel more respected (it feels good to share how he feels and that I'm not offended). and understood, I also feel understood and we both feel more loved than ever.  tl:dr: I often enter in monologue mode, it's exhausting for my partner. We agreed that he can bluntly stop me and I will not be offended. The blunter, the better. That symptom decreased and even when it still happens, the bluntness helps both of us. We are both much happier.
90467e7822a78babf1b42d685e6b3dd677d1fd19ec9d536d0981afe43e9b42ae;;;Choosing;;;We are thinking about adding another animal to our family and I am more excited about it than my husband. We have been talking about it and he wanted to see some numbers on how much it would cost for all of the things we would need for this animal. I put it all together and wanted to show him tonight. I asked him if I could show him and he asked if we could do it tomorrow because had to do some updates tonight and he wanted to play a game with his friend (who he had been playing with all day) and wasn't able to give my thing the attention he wanted to give it. I'm glad that he recognized this but why did he choose to play with his friend instead of looking at my thing that would take all of 10 minutes. It hurts that he chose his video game and friend over me. Am I overreacting or should I just be happy that he recognized that he wasn't able to give me his full attention?
91f3d2f23143258cd25a27fec066e3dd0c73ee6da45a687a7d2854dde0f4fcd7;;;The add/adhd diagnosed person who compulsively lie;;;Hi guys. Im in trouble. My boyfriend who is ADD is also a compulsive liar. I dont trust him, and I know I shouldnt, right now anyways. He gets treatment, Including for the lying. I know a trait of ADD can be lying - but how far does that explanation go? I feel like he use it as an excuse instead. Its about big or completely trivial things, and has now come to the point where I question every word that comes out of his mouth. We recently just got back together with the promise that there would be no more, but he just lied again, about something I knew was a lie. I have told him that if he accidentially lie he can correct himself, but the rollercoaster after the lie is what concerns me about him actually wanting to get better. First he will try to make me believe Im imagining things, then he will tell a lie. If I in situations know he is lying and let him know, he will first get extremely defensive, he will then tell me its my fault he did it, he will then go in 'child'mode, big arm movements, smiling/laughing and only respond with "hm", then he will turn cold, and then finally he will sort of apologize (without really taking responsibility for it, and instead making it about if Im going to leave him).  I have a hard time excusing this with add and Im not sure I should even try to explain it from that point of you. I know other people with the diagnosis and they do not behave like that.  What do you think?
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;How to tell my NDX partner nicely that I can't wait for hours a ride after work?;;;Hello again! Things have been going really well for my (24F) partner (34M, DX in childhood but never followed up on) and I! Communication is strong, Partner is making HUGE efforts, and I've been working to celebrate all the wonderful attributes that come with the more frustrating ones.   One thing I'm struggling with is that we share a car, and when I work he prefers that he drops me off and either goes to work himself later or uses the car that day, then picks me up (if he's not working).   We're saving/paying down debt atm so he prefers we not use Uber, and neither of us wants to get on the bus with COVID if we can avoid it.   The issue is that if I get off at 6:00, he will usually show up to get me at 7 or 7:30. Sometimes 8. I try to wait at work but it got very awkward after five or ten minutes (I am a nanny working in a home environment and parents were trying to make dinner, etc). So I walk to a nearby coffee shop or bar and sit outside waiting. I hate spending the money on drinks/food, but I can't sit there for god knows how long and just wait. Then I get home at 8, make dinner (if I haven't already eaten while waiting) and go to bed. I feel like I have no time at home during the week! Some days I just wanna go home and take off my bra, dude! Sometimes I have other places to be!   I want to bring this up, but I don't want to attack or nag. Is there any way to ask nicely, if I say please come get me at six, come get me at six?
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Disappointing and confusing ADHD test results, anyone else experience this?;;;My ADHD husband was tested back in the fall and we just got the results. It was mostly medical-ese so kind of hard to fully understand but the bottom line was, "while he likely had ADHD as a child, he has compensated as an adult and can no longer be diagnosed as having ADHD." Which is infuriating. He has it, 100% convinced that he does, he fits all profiles and symptoms, but because he's learned to live with it and deal with it, they think the symptoms are now masked?! Is this why there's so little out there about adult ADHD?  He still reached out to CBT coaches and therapists to review the results since he was told he had to have them in order to get in the door, and my suspicion is that they have seen those kinds of results before, and the symptoms are what they are so they need attention. The testing is I think the ticket into CBT but not the end result. It was just so frustrating to go through the expensive testing and then get such an unclear result, and we're stuck waiting for the doctors in our area to call us back, which they never do.
c8e06d951c096295f074d8fcb966c1b537adb61e46aa4ee01d571ed58e1af788;;;Every surface in our home is covered with stuff, and it annoys me so much;;;I currently spend the work week away from home. I do my share of the chores on the weekend. And right now I'm so effing annoyed with the stuff. Everything, everywhere.      Granted, we have a 50 square meter apartment. Currently the living room floor holds six piles of workout clothes (clean), two swords, cotton/oil/sandpaper for sword maintenance, 18 books for his one math exam, four backpacks (one full of playing cards), empty bottles, a formal suit, seven pairs of boots, two pieces of luggage, several kinds of medication, batteries, gum, duct tape, a unicorn, four dumbbells, three bottles of water, a winter hat, and three single socks. There's clothes on his desk, milk and tissues on top of the fridge, and the sink contains eight knifes because he can't be bothered to handwash them.       I can't stand visual noise. It grinds my gears. He hates when I move his stuff. He hates cleaning up because it takes a full day (well, it wouldn't if he could just put away each item after he's done using it).   Thanks to anyone who read through this. I don't even know if I want advice or just a pat on the back.
279b979836fac0182c978694f35a0db388b9fb04a81ab1c20bcf48c5b23efec6;;;Just moved in, dont know how to deal with this....;;;hi everyone  (My husband is DX, I dont have adhd)  Me and my husband have been together for almost 5 years now. Our relationship has been a little unusual in the sense that we dated for 3 years long distance due to both of us living in different countries (I was from Canada and hes from USA) then we got married and applied for a visa for me to move to the USA to be with him. We have been married for 2 years now while still being long distant but I finally got my visa and got to move to the USA at the very end of this past November here. So we have been living with eachother for 2 months now. Previously while we were long distance we maintained our relationship through skype/calls/ and me visiting him every few months for about 7 days at a time over the course of our relationship.  &amp;#x200B;  Now, from the begining of our relationship I knew right away things were a little off with him, and we have had many many struggles in our relationship but worked through them. I never knew he had ADHD until a year ago when I finally asked him after doing my own research online and he said "well ya ive had severe ADHD since Ive been a kid". Not once did he ever tell me he had adhd in our relationship, I had to figure it out on my own and ask him after 4 years in after not understanding why he does alot of the things he does. Ive certainly never dated or been around anyone who acts like him ever (his fun and outgoingness is what attracted me to him). Hes never been medicated either until about 8 months ago because many of our issues in our relationship was infact due to his ADHD, so he went on medication. Before I moved to be with him I could hear a massive difference in the way he  talked over the phone with him, he seemed more calm and collected and he just really seemed like he was doing well and it made me happy.  &amp;#x200B;  since we have lived with eachother now for 2 months now ive felt like im already going a little nuts because of his ADHD symptoms even though hes medicated (maybe some of these arent adhd however im inclduing them because ive seen other people on here say very similar things about there DX spouse). keep in mind I did not exprerience some of these things or to this degree when we were long distant and visiting eachother the last 4 1/2 years) **Some things such as:**  &amp;#x200B;  **&gt;** He's extremly filthy, leaves food out for weeks to rot, leaves clothes/tools/deodarant/food all over the kitchen counter, garbage all over the floor, NEVER flushes the toilet and theres generally piss and shit on the seat from him. Ive polietly asked him to keep things clean and he gets SO pissed off and offended and gives massive attitude and starts to condescend me (example if I ask him to flush the toilet he'll be like " I do, it just keeps coming up" and ill say "well...no its you not flushing it because its never come up for me" and then he will take me to the toilet and flush the trigger down and be like "look, im flsuhing the toilet i know how to flush a toilet cant you see?" but with SUCH attitude....Keep in mind I never saw him this messy while we were dating him while I visited him. When I confront him even polietly on these things he tells me he is clean and that im someone who is overly cleaniness to the point of OCD and im not. This filthiness makes me extremly unattracted to him in bed so we never have sex.  &amp;#x200B;  **&gt;** Talks extremly condescending to me and has massive attitude. For example is I politely say "hey hunny would you mind rinsing the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher? ide really appreciate it hun" he will with such attitude and this pissed off look on his face be like "um I guess" kinda thing  &amp;#x200B;  **&gt;** He has a habit of not respecting me. He knows I dont like my tummy touched (dont know why but it really bothers me my whole life), ive asked him not to touch it in a certain way like grabbing it and he will and he knows im uncomfortable and will still touch it and be like "I know you dont like it but I do" and will continue doing it and when I start to get upset because im uncomfortable but he keeps touching me I will blow up abit but then he will get pissed off at me. This happend a few days ago and it ended up turning into a heated arguement because he wouldnt stop and I was extremly uncomfortable and he pushed me out the the way at one point (I didnt know I was blocking his way, but he never asked me to move he just pushed me abit and I was even more upset he pushed me)  &amp;#x200B;  **&gt;** He's always late for work because he loses track playing video games.  &amp;#x200B;  **&gt;** He extremly rude. Always calling people fat or ugly (he never really did this while we were long distant). I myself have struggled with eating disorders and am very self concious of my weight as ive gained alot and he knows my problems with food and being self concious, but he will call someone fat whos my weight and height and make fun of them. Which indirectly makes fun of me. Ive confronted him on this but he tells me to not take it seriously and that its not about me, but its still rude to me and to other people  &amp;#x200B;  **&gt;** He ALWAYS playing video games, and he always gets pissed off constantly at them to the point where I feel like he has anger issues.   &amp;#x200B;  **&gt;** I ended up getting food poisoning a few weeks ago, the night before we were supposed to go visit his parents for the first time since me moving to the USA. He knew I had food poisoning I was throwing up and really sick, and he had to go out and get me medicine. Not once the next day did he ask if i was ok to go make the visit still when I clearly wasnt. I sucked it up and went anyways though as we were supposed to see them the previous weekend but we had to cancel because he got called into work. On our drive to his parents I pointed out to these pretty mountains saying how one day I want to go camping up there and he said "are you sure?" and I said "yes" and he was like "um okay..." and for some reason he took that as "lets go up those mountains now" so we drove up the mountain but it was EXTREMLY windy (like notstop tight turns, felt like I was on a rollercoaster for 15min straight it was awful) and I kept telling him "im gunna throw up" (I even said this before we went up the mountains) and he was like "well you said you wanted to go up the mountains, we could have not gone up here there was a straight road right through we could have taken" and I was like "I said one day I wanted to go up them when we go camping, not now!" and I got upset and said to him "why would you take me up the windiest mountain ever knowing I just said before we went up that I was gunna throw up and knowing I have food poisining? I sucked it up enough trying to go visit your parents today while having food poisoning im already struggling feeling sick" and he got mad at me! he was livid with me. Not once that night asked if I was ok even though I was clearly struggling.  We had a similar situation awhile back, I got really sick somehow, threw up in a parking lot and told him i need to go to the cvs across the street to get medicine. We get the medicine and then he says "he lets go in here and eat" and drags me into a restaurant to sit down as im huddling over and going to the bathroom every 3 minutes to puke. His logic is just crazy to me sometimes.  &amp;#x200B;  **&gt;** Christmas day he started a fire, I freaked out out of being scared and he said "meh its no big deal"  &amp;#x200B;  Guys how do you deal with this? I didnt have really these experiences with him while visiting him while long distance the last 4 1/2 years. This is hard to handle even though hes medicated. Hes on Adderall. Any advice for any of these?
f1117bd96b32e3ae2e45d2596eccdeeb55a797b677baa8605a9c670ae326a684;;;Communication...or the lack thereof;;;I didn’t get to see what a “normal, healthy marriage” was growing up because I grew up in a dysfunctional household. I’m pretty sure my dad was NDX. Absolutely textbook ADHD marriage except my dad had excellent control of his emotions- he would just leave when she called him out on his behaviors.   We’ve been together for nearly two decades and we hardly speak. He’s NDX and stubborn. A few details about bills or “did you feed the dog”, “look at this meme”, etc. He doesn’t see anything wrong with coexisting in the same house like this. No romance, no deep conversations. No meals together. I’m done trying because all he does is the polite “yeah” “Uhm hmm” like he’s pretending to listen. Like you do with the talkative coworker that corners you at the water cooler. On good days we can bond over work annoyances. If I bring anything up to fix this situation, it’s RSD time. What’s the point? Is this what long term marriage is? How many of you guys are the couple that sit in a restaurant sharing a meal without speaking? I mean I know life isn’t a Hallmark movie but Jeez.
b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;Should I give up on trying to get my husband not to spend as much money on his new hobbies?;;;Husband is diagnosed and medicated.   Like many of your partners, one of my husband’s biggest symptoms is hyper focusing on new hobbies and then spending a lot of money on them, only for them to be forgotten a short time later. It’s been one of the biggest conflicts in our marriage.   From the beginning I’ve discouraged this behavior, pointing out that he doesn’t usually stay interested in the hobbies for more than a few weeks, and then we’re out $400-$1000 for something that’s going to sit in a closet and collect dust until it’s eventually thrown away. He agrees with me at the time, but then a new hobby comes along and everything we talked about is out the door. I know this isn’t his fault, and that when the next biggest and greatest thing comes along he’s not thinking rationally and all he can focus on is how amazing it will be to get the thing that he wants.   I’ve gotten tired. For the last few months, I’ve given up on discouraging him. I let him spend as much as he wants, and I don’t say anything. We’ve been fine financially, but our savings is starting to dwindle because we have to pull out of it to survive the rest of the month due to him spending so much on hobbies.   We’ve tried setting up a budget. A lot of times, he was making online purchases and not keeping up with how much he spent. So we sat down together and wrote out a nice budget that had a decent cut of our monthly income going to his hobbies, and I stuck a piece of paper next to his computer and encouraged him to write down every purchase he made so he could keep track of how much he was spending. We’ve tried this a few times now, and it doesn’t work for more than a few days. Usually, he either forgets to write stuff down, or he blows through his entire budget and then begs me to let him spend “just a little more” to get something else.   Should I just give up on trying to discourage him, since we’re doing fine financially at the moment? I just worry about what will happen when our savings is gone. I’m quite frugal, so it also hurts to see so much money is getting spent on things that aren’t used or wanted a short time later.
e83f36fee5e1d8427e5c6524a9fa78251b95997aca9ba1a4dd53697bba56d748;;;How to deal with a partner who says he is unintentionally abusive?;;;(Though he rarely admit that it is abuse, he more often admit to the behaviour itself).  Ive been with my partner on and off for two years. Only recently I learned there is a name for what he has been doing, stonewalling. Ive known Ive been given the silent treatment and behaviour I only can describe as devalue/discard (so I have often been worried he was also a narcissist, since all the above is traits of that, and Im still questioning it). On the other hand it can also be a coping mechanism, a result of living his whole life undiagnosed adhd, until a year ago.   As a result of this, mixed with belittlening, compulsive lying, and (unintentional?) gaslighting, I dont really know how to stay understanding or patient about it. I am trying to empathize with how a life with undiagnosed adhd can have evolved to this behaviour.  What Im struggling with is that he seems to excuse this with his adhd, and i somewhat do too. But unintentionally or not, it is emotional abuse, and this is an abusive relationship.   I dont know if he will ever reach a point where he realizes that his adhd isnt a free ticket to emotionally abuse ones partner (or accidentially(?) sexually abuse, which happend too).  He keeps telling me I need to go to therapy, which I do and soon will be, I have codependent traits and fear of abandonment. (Which this relationship has made so much worse, because he pushes on my trauma weekly). Yet he still hasnt reached out for any help with coping with his adhd behaviour and coping mechanisms, and Im afraid he never will.
d054ff418b25e3e57f883bc0d8ced3842c5f0a56521fd853e63115e18c86f0f9;;;Wow just wow;;;So I’m on the phone with my bf (He’s American) and because I’m British he likes so put on a British accent but he just ends up sounding like oastine powers.  Anyway in his British accent he started saying “my baby is so sexy soooo fucking sexy” then he stuttered because he didn’t know what to say next then he said “my little........fat.....fat reared girl” he was laughing and then kinda started talking about something else to him self.  Once I Hurd him say that I was shocked I couldn’t say a word, I didn’t say a word.  This had happened before I can’t remember what we was doing but once again in a stupid accent he was messing around describing me saying I was sexy blah blah blah and then fat came out again.  Every time he has said fat, straight after he would try to change it because he knows it’s wrong what he said but he will continue and laugh. And he’s never said sorry either.   I wear a uk 18 Not trying to justify what type of fat I am but regardless he said it. And what makes it worse is I’m on diet which he knows about. We was supposed to get fit together he was going to start gaining, start weights and be healthy and I was on my losing weight And being healthy plan. Iv been doing my plan but he hasn’t been sticking to his end of the bargain but regardless I know I need to lose weight for my health.   But what he said really hurt me like it reeeeeally cut deep I feel like all he sees when he sees me now is just fat!  I feel strange now about losing weight like I know I’m going to keep going because it’s only going to benefit me but I don’t know how I should feel right now all I know is I’m hurt by what he said I feel stupid.  Recently Iv been so down with how I look Iv stoped wearing makeup and taking pictures of my self I hate looking in mirrors so hearing him call me fat out of all. I can’t help but cry I feel so upset.
7d457097c1d6c70af9db238efd7b7de5cdd73762daa1dac39dd8997c7ce8f6fc;;;I don't know how to talk about my ADHD with my partner;;;So I've (22F, dx) been with my partner (22F) for 6 months now and things are going good so far. In terms of our personalities, we are pretty polar opposites – she's super outgoing, organised and outspoken whereas I'm more reserved, sensitive and indecisive.  Most days, our differences are what we love about each other, and are how we balance each other out. But sometimes, they become the source of conflict.   Lately, whenever we get into fights (about minor, non-issues –think everyday bickering) she will make comments about why I always get upset so quickly. I admit, I am quick to cry and feel upset about things, but I try to combat my initial emotional reactions by being level headed. For example, I'll say things like "I know that its not a big deal, I'm sorry I'm so upset but I feel this because...", or "I understand where youre coming from and I'm not upset at you, just at the situation cause I don't want things to be weird."   On the one hand, she tells me not to apologise for who I am and how I feel things. She always used to tell me that one thing she loved about me was how deeply and honestly I feel emotions. But now, she's been saying things like "Why do I have to deal with you when you get emotional like that?", or "Why does that even get you upset? Why do you think like that?". Especially when it comes to things that arise from my own anxiety/low self esteem.  I mean, there are other ways that my ADHD symptoms create little conflicts in our relationship, but I dont really want to unpack everything here causes its longggg.  Honestly at this point I'm not sure what to do. I really want to be less like this but I've always found emotional regulation to be difficult. I'm also not sure how to bring it up as a possible symptom of my ADHD because I hate making excuses/blaming my diagnosis for my own shortcomings.   Idk what I'm really asking for but any advice or stories from people that relate would be greatt.
a48eb77185c4fc5df77a42f52e4541f0d03a1f335f235eefe6af0b2cb064f02e;;;Unconditional love.;;;   Hello everybody!  I need your advise as a girlfriend of an adhd person.  I’m 25, he’s 29. We got together 3 years ago and it was grand! So much creative energy, so many things in common). Slowly slowly as we were getting more invested in the relationships, he was going through a time of moving out from his apartment which he had been living with. The day he gave the keys he had not even considered looking for a flat. I took him in, otherwise he’d been practically homeless.  As my love grew, I took over all responsibilities. I found him a flat, fixed his CV, cover letters, made all sorts of kind of unemployment appointments, just because I thought he was in a bad place, and was just a phase.  One year in, and after the pattern kept repeating itself, I just knew something was wrong. I googled something like ‘’constantly forgetting appointments’’ and came up with adhd. Suddenly it all made sense to me. I printed out the symptoms, put it in front of his face and said, ‘’does this all sound familiar’’? And he said, yes, this is basically me.  I said, you might want to look into this… get some help.  But that never happened. He didn’t look into it. Partially because he is denying it. He thinks being fired every two months or having to pay bills is just because he lives in a modernised society, and if he moved back home it would be more stress-free from him.  1,5 year on, he had no money, no job, he dropped out the course I’d enrolled him in, was depressed and spent all his time playing video games. His flatmate also told him he had to leave, so he shortly would have no home. I suggested a live in job. That way he wouldn’t have to worry about paperwork, being late etc etc. He did it, and currently we are about 300 miles away, but I still visit him as much as i can. He’s being doing fine for over half a year, and saved as much as he had never saved before.  The last 3 months he’s said that obviously he’s got tired and we need to plan how to get back in the same city again. The point is…I have by this point got a massive urge that I need to move on with my own life and let him sort out his own. I don’t enjoy the romantic parts too much now, i still love our conversations but I see him as a buddy to have a beer.  There is also a slight jealousy (not too bad) but he's gone off rants sometimes if instead of visiting him on a weekend I'd visit my friends. I kinda got that because he is stiff bored where he is, if he has mates he's not like that. In contrast, I am very happy whenever he's with friends.  However, I’m scared to let him go. I’m scared of how he will take it. He depends on me on many things, so much that I have horrible anxiety now, on the verge of taking meds. I think I want to see what’s out there for me. I feel I can’t pursue things for myself it if I’m constantly having to take care.  I'm not perfect in any way. I have struggle talking with my emotions to him. To the question on whether we're to do something together after summer, I just sit there in silence and cry.  I'm also fearful of breaking up because he doesn't have any support in this country, although he has tons of family and friends back home. Part of me wants to make sure we break up and I wave him goodbye and make sure he's home. Or to wait until he has gone home from the summer and tell him then.  I just think that getting out of this would benefit both of us. Reading everyone's posts here have been a life lesson for me. I'm right now guilttripping myself day by day thinking of how I'm going to do this. Now I think I’m giving him a false hope, and I feel like crap about it. I would obviously be there, wholly supportive if he decided he wanted to take control of his adhd, but I just don’t see as as romantic partners anymore, and that's really a different thing :)  I would like to find out whether all the above behaviours are typical to ADHD. How can I help him see that a proper diagnosis could help him? (Of course I'm no expert)? I'm just very unaware of the line between a behaviour due to adhd and one that isn't. Is it that he really needs to mature?  What I'm thinking is: If I unconditionally loved him, I wouldn't be thinking that I don't want to marry or have kids with him. I'm loving him with conditions I think. And he does not deserve that.  By the way he is the loveliest person on the planet. I probably didn't mention that above and I hope I do not cause offense, I deal with many mental health issues myself to be honest..  Sorry for the massive rant and thank you for reading.
82e3797366b400647dd31bdf611526ccc2c67d1918f4f6ebd15f6247febafb3f;;;Therapy and medication;;;I (F 20) want my partner (M 25 dx medicated) to consider therapy along side his medication as something his specialist who diagnosed him suggested.  He’s looking into it but apparently it’s expensive.   He’s had CBT before and it’s didn’t work also as someone who is technical science minded he doubts “talking about it” can help his mental state. Could anyone elaborate on the therapy they or their partners have had?  Specifically to do with past trauma or self esteem as well?
e218d89ef5b6782d14bfe024158745e19127353b2336cca6fdafdf6aafee9657;;;A rollercoaster already... is it worth it?;;;Please help! Need advice on how to continue.  I have been dating my boyfriend (30, diagnosed and medicated for over a decade) for two years now and we have two young children together. Our relationship started out as FWB and we got along great and had a lot of fun together... he ended up moving out of state and we stayed in contact and ended up getting pregnant on one drunken night. We decided I would move there to give the relationship a shot for the sake of our child and we had always gotten along so well.  I knew about his ADHD from the beginning and his messiness, forgetfulness, and distractibility never bothered me (and honestly, still dont). I appreciated who he was for being a fun, affectionate, giving man. However, due to the nature of how our relationship started and his struggle to settle down, I have really struggled to trust him and feel safe- like I can count on him. He's extremely impulsive, reckless, and lacks self control. Hes defensive and angry at even the slightest perceived conflict. He also has a bit of a wandering eye... i always catch him staring at other attractive women right in front of me. One year ago, after a fight, I went back home to visit my family. While I was gone he went out to the bar and went home with someone. He told me right away and expressed deep regret and remorse for his actions and promised to do whatever he needed to do to fix our relationship.  I thought of leaving right away and moving back to where I consider home but it hurt me to take my son away from his dad (he is a great dad) and felt like I would regret not trying to work it out and keep my family together. We went to a counselor for several months and lots of promises were made but I still see the behaviors that I believe led to his cheating. We ended up getting pregnant again a couple months after his cheating (we are so fertile and we were using multiple forms of birth control).  I now have a 2 year old and a 4 month old in a state where I have no friends or family and I have struggled with post partum depression. I feel like he is never in a place to provide support or empathy to me and I feel like he is my third child. We fight all the time and I feel like I am constantly walking on eggshells. He gets defensive and explosively angry all the time. I'm tired, drained, depressed and so lonely.   I only recently discovered that the ADHD was also the cause of his impulsivity, lack of emotional regulation and self control issues. It was a bit of a "lightbulb" moment but it was also so defeating. I feel selfish for even thinking this but I'm already exhausted at what has transpired over the past two years and knowing that the reason behind all of our problems is a neurological condition... I dont know that I can bear the weight of it any longer.  I truly do love him and appreciate the good qualities he has but I feel like I can't trust him or feel safe until he gets intense therapy for some of these issues and I'm already empty. My kids are my first priority and I feel like I cant be at my best when he is taking so much of my focus.   Can anyone relate to these feelings? Am I selfish or wrong for feeling exhausted just thinking about being with him for the rest of my life? I'd love some input as I feel I am alone and dont know where to go from here.
a79ff113263b141ff770845558efa82094645f6cd1cd73f0a7e2679d8ddad356;;;How to have a happy life with an add partner?;;;Hello guys. First off i want to say thank you so so much for your responses on my posts i have read every single one of them. My experience on posting in reddit has always been either ignored or attacked lol. So thanks!  I would like to know if there are any pointers on how to have a happy fulfilling life with an ADD partner?  Also is anyone down to talk via inbox whenever i need to vent or if anyone wants to vent please let me know in the comments💖
de9289d3ca2edf4c18f45e320d99be40931222d1fd4e3090042ef324a2164be3;;;I Think My Wife Has ADHD, How Do I Proceed?;;;Sorry for what is probably a very common post, I am just basically going down this rabbithole this morning, but a lot of things feel like they add up. Mostly:  * my wife cannot get out of bed in the morning, she'll wake up and probably sit in bed for 3-5 hours playing phone games until she gets up and moves to the computer * she cannot keep her space clean at all; asking her to throw away an empty can of soda can lead to a heated discussion if not approached in the right way/at the right time * any task at all is completely overwhelming, I can only give her 1-2 small tasks to do the **next** day, because mentioning the task is too daunting for her by itself and has basically sapped all of her capacity for the current day * anything that requires a phone call to schedule basically needs to be bookended with 1-2 hours of stress-free time, since it takes so much of her energy, or I do it  This is not meant to be a vent post, so I apologize if it sounds that way; I am just trying to paint scenarios that are common occurrences, whether they're ADHD related or not. I love my wife a lot, but COVID has really brought out the worst in what feel like are ADHD symptoms. I could be too narrowed in and armchair misdiagnosing her, but at a cursory level it seems like ADHD might fit the bill for a lot of these issues, and then anxiety and inadequacy stemming potentially from the fact that she's frequently overwhelmed causing some other issues?  Does this sound like a potential fit? Obviously I'm not going to diagnose her myself, but it feels like we should get her to see someone; the only problem is, I don't know how to approach that conversation or encourage her to go talk to someone since she's basically unable to schedule anything herself. I don't really know how to spring the conversation of "Hey honey, I think you have ADHD, let's get you talking to someone" out of the blue on someone that has probably never considered having themselves as having ADHD before
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;Do you go into the ADHD sub to defend NT partners?;;;I notice quite often that few vent threads go by without at least one ADHD voice appearing to explain or defend the issue at hand. How do we as a community of non-ADHD partners feel when that happens? Personally, I wouldn't go to a thread in that community if someone is venting, it feels somewhat irrelevant and dismissive when it happens here, anyone else?
4b192b9ad2d13699ac081c37ec11e8367e35544dd3513e2ab39923fb7f2ed20f;;;Is it personality or ADHD?;;;Hi, its me again.. I've posted before that I have broken up with my bf (diagnosed with ADHD). Though we have broken up, in the end we remained friends. During those time that we remained friends I still cheer for him and be there for him especially when he lost a job again, because I know how it feels to have no one and be alone. I have no intentions to get back into relationship with him I just want to have more friends since I just moved here in a foreign country for work without any family or friends. And though our relationship did not worked out, I am more than happy to have a close friend who at least know me and will be there for me.. or so I believed. You see we made a deal we will be there for each other as friends. Well I got a situation where I was in a place where a person got positive with covid, as gov protocol I have to stay at home and be in quarantine although I tested negative.  I told him about it first and he just laughed about it, I don't think he realised the gravity of my situation so I just shrugged it off, but I noticed he did not offer any help like if I need something while I was in my quarantine unlike my other few friends who told me right away if I need anything. Even my boss asked if I need anything...  Second time I told him that I am in quarantine for real then he offered if I need any help, which I gladly take because I am craving for something sweet I asked if he can buy one at the grocery and I will pay him the amount and I told him if he can't drop by just let me know I don't mind but he told me its fine he will do it. I also asked him if I can talk to him later that day since I can't go out.. just to hang out because I live alone and quarantine feels like prison isolation for me I can't go out, walk see people, and I have four white walls.  So I messaged him in the evening.. 3 messages later then conversation over he did not talked to me anymore.. but I saw later that he read my message. The next day came I waited for him and he messaged me late in the afternoon that he cannot drop by  because his work at the restaurant got busy then he proceed to ask me how am I doing?  I haven't confirmed it but my gut feeling said that he's lying I lived with him and known him enough  that if he really wants to do it he will. Also knowing that there's another surge of covid positive I don't think restaurants will be packed with people dining in. But for the benefit of a doubt lets say I'm wrong and he is really busy.. why did he not offer to drop by another time?  I got upset ..so upset that I just did not talked to him because all I wanted is a friend on my time of my need. I'm not asking something big here just someone I can reach out when I can't deal with isolation anymore. Though he got really worried and even called me if I was ok, he got upset when I did not replied right away but I was already asleep and I always turn my phone on mute at night. I did give a short reply that I'm ok. Later he told me that the reason he did not replied to our conversation before was because he forgot. I mean how can you forget to reply to someone who you are talking to?  Also he promised that we will celebrate xmas together but since he is not allowed to visit why can't he offer a face time in xmas?  Tbh I am hurt that I'm always there as a friend for him and the only person who was there for me was a friend that I only met at the gym and hanged out for one time. He always tells me he will be there when I needed him because I am an important person for him... but I don't see that at all. This is the first taste that I got when I asked him for REAL help. I am wondering is this ADHD affecting his personality or is this him as a person?
1c074edec66ea7a9076744ed99ae6e69b37cc8ee3855195a6d1f9967905bec01;;;Feeling discouraged. Advice wanted!;;;My  significant other (of over 3 years)  has been dx since early childhood, and so is his immediate family (parents and sibling). My biggest issue is anytime we make progress in working on communicating and fixing behaviors that his family had instilled in (such as only eating fast food, not doing things such as taxes, paying bills, always missing deadlines, no dates), S.O talks to his mom who convinces him I'm not being understanding.  My guy also has a depression diagnosis, and has been going through it bad. His mom is encouraging him to stay in bed, eat fast food, play video games, etc instead of helping with chores and the tasks he's already behind on. I feel beyond my limit and questioning if it's worth the uphill battle.  I could use any advice dealing with encouraging chores without feeling like I have to mother him or bully him into it!
f8db1bff8f9995f2a8ec5edcfb43d78636cd451a2c28775af8425e3218226e25;;;How to get stuff done?;;;Hey y’all!   I love this sub for so many reasons, particularly the advice! Hopefully you have something for me, here.   My partner (32M, dx, medicated), is truly and absolutely wonderful. I do most of the mental labor in our house (due to my ability to remember that bills are due, when appointments are, etc.) and we balance that by having my partner do the consistent chores - laundry, dishes, trash. But we’re dropping the ball BIG time with house clutter.   My partner is exceptionally good at doing things when he knows they are important to me. It’s probably his main motivator to get stuff done, honestly. But I can’t seem to communicate that this clutter is making me go bananas.   His response is that it’s not a big deal, or we’re doing fine it just takes time, or that we’ll do it soon. Meanwhile, our house is being overtaken (not kidding, it’s a verifiable obstacle course) by cardboard (we’re having a baby shower this month and have received lots of delivered gifts) and papers and there are no surfaces left!   I think he’s overwhelmed by it, so I’d like a gentle way to explain that this clutter seriously bothers me. It makes me feel claustrophobic and makes me worried for when we have our kid that I won’t be able to keep up with it all.   Is it just a pull-the-tooth situation? Where I force us to sit down and go through stuff even though it’s obviously torture for him? I’d do it myself but I can’t lift most stuff at 7 months pregnant. Do I reframe it like nesting and hope that motivates?   What have y’all done with your partners to make these sort of tedious-but-also-overwhelming tasks more palatable to your partners?
43404f706b89bbd0ce604c19d7bdc20b4c878e382ac71a8a4b7e3eb1644803a5;;;DX husband afraid of having kids?;;;My (25F, NT) husband (26M, DX, not medicated) have been married for almost 3 years. Before we got married, we agreed that we wanted to have kids. We decided to wait until after I finished grad school, which I finished in May.   I've been hit pretty hard with baby fever in the past year and want to have kids a little bit earlier than we originally planned (starting to try in 2021/2022 rather than in 2023). Husband tends to be a bit more logical about these things, saying he'd rather we start paying off student loans first before having a baby. Makes sense.   However, in the past year, he doubts at times if he wants to have kids. He's afraid that something bad will happen to a baby because of his ADHD (not paying attention, forgetting, difficulty focusing, losing his temper). He's told me a couple of times that he might not actually want to have kids. I've chalked this up more to anxiety, but it does hurt to hear that.   For those of you who want or already have kids, how does ADHD affect your views on parenthood?
eeb28044656cced85d793cd49ea3c341f89a73db26bddd91d5f0d82d8f0b2f49;;;Having a hard time moving past the hurt this morning;;;My fiancé (DX, unmediated) and I have really, really struggled to get through the last year - it’s been brutal. We love each other so much and thankfully haven’t really had any relationship problems, but we’ve been living with severe mental illness (we both have anxiety and depression, and he has ADHD) and are really feeling the weight of it after a year of trying to survive a pandemic and having no one else to lean on.   Things have been especially rough for my fiancé; we lost his beloved grandma to brain cancer last year and he’s understandably still grieving. He also suddenly lost his job a few months before she died, which sent him into a severe depression that he’s just now kind of climbing out of. After a whole year of sending out resumes and becoming increasingly discouraged, he finally got a new job (he hasn’t started working yet, but it’s a huge relief that he got the gig).  I’m really proud of him for still being here and fighting to make it through each day. He’s spent the last year digging deep and analyzing how his unmedicated ADHD has impacted his decisions and his life. I’ve learned so much about how his brain works and I’m glad that he’s had the time and space to process a lot of his trauma and talk about it.  But I’m also feeling, exhausted, empty, and pretty hurt by something he said to me last night. We don’t usually do anything big for Valentine’s Day - about the most we’ve ever done is get a heart-shaped pizza and watch a silly movie. So I didn’t really have any expectations yesterday, I just wanted to relax and spend some time with him in the evening after I was done with my work.  Unfortunately, he got sucked into a dramatic Facebook fight and hyper-focused on it for basically the whole evening, getting really sad and angry about it. By 3 am, my fiancé was having a crisis in the bathroom, crying and talking about how much he regretted some of his life choices and how hard life has been for him in general. It made my heart break and I tried to just listen and comfort him, but there wasn’t much I could do. That’s when he said something to the effect of, “I try to keep in mind that we wouldn’t be together if I had taken a different path. But, no offense, if someone offered me a choice between this life and an easier one where I never met you, I’d choose the easier life.”  And that just completely tanked my already awful mood. It made me feel sort of powerless and insignificant. I didn’t say anything because I could tell he was kinda processing things out loud and honestly, I understand where he was coming from. Living with mental illness is so incredibly hard, and if he was able to wave a magic wand and get an easier life where he wouldn’t have to experience so many hardships, I wouldn’t blame him for waving it.  But it still hurt to hear. I just wanted to have an uneventful Valentine’s Day where we could eat some cookies and watch TV. Not to be told by my fiancé that he’d choose a different, easier life without me over one with me if he could. Thankfully, he noticed the change in my mood pretty quickly and apologized when I expressed my hurt. I can’t stop thinking about what he said though.  I’ve been crying basically all night and wasn’t able to fall asleep because of it. And I hate that I’m still awake and wallowing in pain over it when he immediately apologized and said he shouldn’t have said something like that. I think I’m actually hurting more for him than for myself. I hate seeing him suffer like this and I wish I could make life easier for him. I do everything I can, but he really carries the weight of the world on his shoulders and I often feel like there’s absolutely nothing I can do but listen to him and hold his hand.  I know he’s gonna wake up today and feel awful, and I’ll try to do everything I can to make the day bearable. But damn, I’m so incredibly tired and just the thought of having to drag myself through this day is making me exhausted.  If you’ve read all of this, thank you! I just needed to get this off my chest so maybe I can get out of this sadness spiral and go to sleep.
ca4c5a1d236a977adf7a7069dda5dbbfab2d08e3f9549a6fe17323773f8efd88;;;I really need help;;;Firstly this is a huge post, thank you if you get through it, I just really, really needed somewhere to vent. I’m sorry if this is jumbled, it’s all just happened. To add some background I’ve (25F) been with my partner (24M) for 7.5 years but it’s only been in the last year or so that we realised he had ADD, and he has been on a waitlist for a couple of months already to see a psych and get an official diagnosis. He had also had severe depression and anxiety for the past 4 years or so. We’ve been together for so long because when he’s in his right mind he’s so wonderful, if I could describe my perfect partner it would be him. However, things aren’t always that way. Also as a side note, I basically have no friends at the moment because I pushed everyone away while trying to deal with all of this.   I’ve spent hours researching ADD, having hours upon hours of conversations about it with him and educating my family on it. I believe I do a good job in trying to be an understanding partner. I have my own mental health issues (depression and anxiety for over 10 years) so it takes a lot for me to be the rock of the relationship sometimes but I do it in good faith, because he tries hard to do the right thing, but he can’t always.  He gets extremely particular about what he does and how things have to be for him to have a good time. He is completely obsessed with the evenings being a ‘good time’ which invariably means smoking weed and listening to music and more often than not lately involves alcohol. I don’t really mind but I am concerned for his health with regards to alcohol addiction. He gets extremely drunk a lot and drinks most nights. I believe this is due to a lack of dopamine and chasing a high, I’m really hoping this will ease off once he’s medicated (?) because it can lead to disaster like tonight...  We were having a nice evening, we had a fire outside, a few drinks and a really lovely meal. The house has been an absolute wreck for months and over the last few weeks I’ve been slowly carving away and today I finally felt like I had gotten somewhere. (I do about 95% of the housework, more if I don’t ask for help). I mean I really scrubbed this house, I’ve been getting less sleep than him. He can’t work on his own because he gets panicked and flustered so I have to basically work for him (he does uber eats and I drive so he doesn’t get overwhelmed, I also do this while working my own job. He went to the doctor to get an exemption from working but the government agency which deals with his welfare disagreed with that decision, without any sort of consultation or investigation, so I have to go with him so that we don’t end up homeless.   Anyway, I guess I started annoying him tonight by asking if he wanted to watch something instead of playing playstation/listening to music. Trying to explain myself (No I wasn’t having a bad time, I just wanted to do something different now) wasn’t calming him down and he was getting more and more annoyed/frustrated/stressed/panicked whatever, just everything. I tried to just keep quiet as to not escalate things and I was just letting him rant. Eventually he told me to just take my stuff and piss off to the other room, while at the same time saying I was abandoning him and that I’d just be okay in the other room while he’s left alone suffering. I wasn’t just okay, I’ve recently started cutting my arms and thighs to deal with the stress of this fucking disease, so I was doing that while he kept on drinking.   Later he came in later still upset. I couldn’t take it, I asked him to please give me more time. He started slamming doors. He broke our extremely big and heavy solid wood front door right off the hinges, and he smashed in our bedroom door, he was crazed. I tried my best to get him to stop, I tried to get close to him and he slapped my hand hard (he had never hit me in any way before but he is very tall and strong and he intimidates me when he is raging and breaking stuff). Recently he has smashed in EVERY SINGLE door in the house, he smashed my tv, he smashed the tv which replaced that one, he sprained his ankle kicking something etc etc. Every single time I have cleaned up after him or completed the repairs on what was broken (we have a cat who I don’t want to get hurt on broken glass or a door falling on her. She also is terrified when he does this. Normally she loves him but when He starts smashing things she hides under beds etc and refuses to come out for hours and hours).  Once things calmed down slightly I begged him to let us just come together and move on, that we needed to be there for each other because we were both hurting, I begged him on my knees to please stop screaming). Everything I did made it worse, EVERYTHING. Well now he’s getting as drunk as he possibly can on the couch. He’s ‘already done the bad thing so there is no point in trying’.  He tells me he basically blacks out when all of this happens. We’re both totally demoralised. I don’t know what the fuck to do. This disease is fucking EVIL.
770d25fd5bd1ed5d00dac3189a3c4fd655e98cb3cffca1ee66fc46271594d37f;;;My ADHD partner is claiming he's forgotten to plan a proposal twice now due to ADHD...legit?;;;\#crosspost from ADHD   I started dating my BF before he got diagnosed. He was self-medicating, without knowing it, with caffeine pills. Based on some things he told me I suggested he might want to get checked out by a doc. The doc had him to some tests, talked to him, and basically went "yep, classic ADHD".  He's been on Adderall since and loves being able to focus and get stuff done.  We talked about getting married. I said I'd be happy just choosing a simple ring together and calling it a proposal. He fervently preferred a big gesture, so I agreed thinking no big deal either way. We agreed he'd propose by the 2 year mark which was 6 months away. I made it very clear that the 2 year was pretty much the max at my age I was willing to wait around for a proposal once we both knew we were in it. 6 months passes. Nothing.  We had a huge conversation about it where I was crushed and felt like it was impossible to have forgotten such an important date unless it meant something and he was adamant it meant nothing, he remembered it, he just thought it was more "flexible" (despite me explicitly stating otherwise when we made the plans). He says he'd happily get married tomorrow but really want to plan the proposal and it'll take at least a month and a half, but let's say 3 months so it can be a surprise exactly when. I, seemingly a glut for punishment, agree.  About two weeks ago I checked in (thinking, let's not repeat the LAST horror show) to make sure we were still on the timeline. He assured me we were. Today I checked in again. He now claims he has completely forgotten the date and won't even have the ring (he had his mother's old ring a year ago but wanted to get it redone in some way) until the end of the month.  At this point, he's still claiming up and down he wants to get married (despite ample evidence to the contrary) but that he's "bad with dates". He claims this is ADHD related and thus not indicative of his feelings for me and shouldn't be held against him. But I'm looking at a nine month period where he said he would propose and thinking...it simply is not possible to be this forgetful and have it mean nothing.  This entire situation seems insane to me. Either he doesn't want to get married (consciously or subconsciously I haven't the slightest clue) OR he is literally unable to hear me say "it's VERY important to me that we do this thing we BOTH agreed to by &lt;x&gt;" and prioritize/follow through on it. I literally told him I'd leave him if it happened again...and yet here we are. He's distraught, telling me that he's just forgetful but loves me deeply and wants to have kids, etc.  I'm thinking of leaving him. I'm almost 32. I want to have kids. He has claimed since day one he wants marriage ands kids as well, he claims he'd happily marry me tomorrow...but I think these missed dates are red flags. It felt like this community might have some advice. Or at least be able to tell me if it's even possible for someone with ADHD to be THIS incapable of planning a proposal while still genuinely loving someone. Because I have some doubts.
56b27f3504d97835a23e78fa26be61b3fe4bcd2b617a710bdd7fbe2c56da750f;;;I’m dying inside..;;;I’m (26f) recently diagnosed w/ ADHD and my husband (24m) non ADHD. We’ve been together for almost 10 years total and it’s been a rough 10 years I was diagnosed at around 20 with fibromyalgia so for years my husband had to help take care of me and now I’ve got my fibromyalgia figured out and don’t need his help.. we’ve always struggled when it comes to arguments I could never communicate right and I always thought it was my fibromyalgia so I kept making promises that I’d figure it out and I could communicate better and nothing I tried worked I still got over emotional couldn’t figure out what was wrong. A month ago I go told by our therapist I have ADHD I’m really realizing that this is why I never could communicate I’d get so confused by the argument and then just start babbling.. after years of or not communicating right my husband resents me he struggles daily with bad thoughts about my ADHD and it’s made it to we’re I loose my emotions they get so high I go crazy panicking and I don’t want him to divorce me but I know I’m pushing him away with my over emotions... it’s like I’m turning our disagreements into a blame game when I just feel like he doesn’t understand me. I’m hopeful going to see a doctor this week I really just want to be medicated so hopefully I can be normal... has anyone else had a really hard time with their marriage... I know this is a mess I just don’t know what to do..
961ce89527e0d22ec28d5f51c44853b1f74c965502adda211244023d9dc4d9fe;;;Distracted Sex;;;Hi everyone,   I've been with my bf for over 3 years now. The sex was always an issue and I have tried to be patient with him. It's reached a point where I don't have any sexdrive because I know the sex will just be him getting distracted, realise, get anxious, then it's a premature ejaculation as i think anxiety feeds this?   I don't even think I want any advise or solutions, I think I've just had enough of it being one-sided as horrible as that sounds. Anyone else experience the same? For me, sex was always about connecting. That lack of connection, I guess really ruined the way I felt about him and I think I've fallen out of love.
d1d61cdfd74034de659af749d2d9d09361a0234d9b68cc435540d8bd3d384cec;;;I'm desperate for some stability;;;I'm really stressed and need to vent. Wall of text coming in - Tl;dr at end.   &amp;#x200B;  I've been with my ADHD partner for three years. He's a wonderful, kind, thoughtful, and compassionate person, and I love him very much. We have been planning to get married in the future, and even talked about having a family.   But there has been one consistent issue that keeps causing problems, and that is his ability to hold down a job. I'm absolutely despairing at this point.   When I first met him he had a low paid hospitality job and all he ever spoke about was how he wanted to leave and go back to working as a skilled tradesman. He was upbeat and ambitious. So we found the training course, signed up, paid the deposit, and he started training (he isn't from this country, so he need to get valid qualifications to get any decent jobs in the trade). But then he got stressed because he had no money, and decided to put the course on hold, get a job, save up, then go back to studying. However, because he wasn't qualified, the only tradesman jobs he could get were with dodgy companies who he had a terrible time with. He also told me he felt the people at the course were rude/racist/hostile and he didn't want to go back. So he decided the course and the career wasn't for him and he quit. I was okay with it. Better for him to quit now than stay in a profession he's unhappy in, right?   Then came a string of random jobs, all of which he either quit or was fired from. He would always come back from work distressed with awful stories about how he was being bullied, people were discriminating against him, had unrealistic expectations of him, were rude, or were racist/xenophobic. Whenever he started a new job, he would still be browsing for other jobs, and sometimes he would take days off from his new job to go to interviews for other jobs. He was CONSTANTLY unhappy and looking for the next job that would be better. Constantly saying he felt unfulfilled and that it wasn't his 'dream'. It was one enormous drama after another, followed by absolute breakdowns whenever he was fired and found himself unemployed again.   So I decided to step in and say- 'fine. What do you really want to do? I'll financially support your training in a career you are passionate about. Because you obviously need this to be happy.'  So he picks something that he has always been good at, and interested in. He's nearly finished the qualification, but he failed the final exam the other week. It's no big deal. Resitting the exam is free. He's got 3/4 of the qualifications done. He's nearly there. But he still has an epic meltdown.  He says he will finish the course. But I can already see the excitement/novelty of the new career is wearing off.   I'm just realizing that this is a pattern. He gets excited about new job/career. He goes after it. Realizes it's hard/not as much fun as he thought/he doesn't like all his co-workers or feels they don't like him, amplifies this negativity in his mind and then he either quits or becomes so obviously half-assed at work that he gets fired. It's just a roller-coaster of his interest and enthusiasm in something peaking enormously , then crashing down when it isn't as awesome as he hoped.   This has been occurring for about 2 years now. I'm just exhausted.   &amp;#x200B;  Has anyone experienced anything similar? Can anyone offer me SOME hope or advice here? I'm feeling so desperate.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks to anyone who read this.  &amp;#x200B;  tl;dr. Boyfriend cannot keep a job or stick to long-term plan without self sabotaging or losing interest.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
a2ffc36e8905dc96666e1b6cc9153d06bbe8cf77f09a9c6c99a30d5a758bfbea;;;My partner (diagnosed, adderall) has a hard time with making plans... is this normal? How can I help with his frustration?;;;Hi. I’m new to this world. I’ve (20’s f) been dating my partner (late 20’s m) for a few months.   I’m an hour away for the time being, so my visits require planning ahead since I take the train.   Twice now, he’s said something along the lines of “I thought you were coming Saturday not Friday” and gotten a tad upset.   We’ve never really fought, we just talk things out.   What can I do to better communicate plans? Should I be discussing plans differently? How can a settle his frustrations?
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;We were doing so well - until this.;;;Throwaway for obvious reasons,  Well, after a few weeks of calm sailing and us working together to tackle projects around the house, good communication - we backslid. He woke me up at five AM with a text that he was now home but had been out drinking since 3 with old co-workers (everyone's on graveyard shift, generally, in their line of work) and his female co-worker was waiting in the car for him to take her home after dropping me off at work.   He LOVES to offer people rides, I think in a mixture of wanting to take care of people, wanting to get the pride of being the knight in shining armor for pretty girls, and wanting to show off our nice car. He also genuinely thinks that, no matter where people live, this will only ever take 20 minutes tops, even including the fact that he usually sits in the car talking with them or goes inside for one more drink.   But, my friend. It is five in the morning. I wanted some cuddle time. I am not thrilled. I have to leave for work in two hours. And I need the car after work to go to an appointment. Can he just call her an Uber? No! Too expensive. And now I'm being difficult. He didn't do anything wrong! He's being a good friend! (What about being a good partner?)   So, okay - we have two hours. Just go take her home and come back. I'm upset. But let's just get it over with. He leaves. I'm snippy and mean because I feel so crushed inside that driving people around and drinking is an option, but not coming home to be with me, either just cuddling or making breakfast together or checking in. We work opposite schedules. Those little chunks of time are all we get for connecting.    I get ready for work. He's gone for an hour. Almost two. I call. I text. Finally I get an answer - he needed time to cool down after I overreacted. He's been at his female co-worker's house the whole time. Can't I just get an Uber? (He basically has banned me from getting rideshares because of our budget and will always say he's going to pick me up, with varying degrees of that actually materializing.)  Ya'll. I want to scream. I feel like if I ever object to his plans I'm being punished by him just straight up dipping out and staying out until I get lonely enough to forgive him. He stayed there all morning and into the afternoon. I told him I was hurt by him doing that and he said they were just talking about relationship problems. I don't think he would ever cheat, but my friends think I'm crazy and too trusting. I just want connection. I want to not have to fight for his time and attention with random drunk friends. It would mean so much if just like, once, I woke up and he wasn't gone or passed out on the couch with a beer and the Xbox controller.   I'm sorry for this rant. Thanks for reading if you make it this far.  I'm feeling so helpless and worn down. This isn't what life should feel like.
142a50b0d80613d6416c6886840f36e7d880920467d1bd9965c2dd90af41658e;;;Advice dealing with DX partner's work life;;;My wife is DX and medicated. Medication has helped her a lot in so many areas but she still struggles with situations where she feels like someone is blaming her. This happens between us and she shuts down completely or lashes out when she feels like I think she did something wrong or bad.  My wife is the breadwinner and she has an incredible business job working at a corporation. I used to work in the same line of work but quit to go into social work. I'm currently in grad school and we rely completely on her income. Sometimes in work situations, she will get so upset and frustrated with her boss or coworkers because they want her to fix/update a report she worked on. She gets obsessed with trying to prove she is right and will send all day ruminating on it vs. just fixing the issue. She will come to me to vent and it always makes me panicked bc I worry she will damage her work relationships or reputation by not responding well to feedback or suggestions. This causes me a lot of distress and I want to help her navigate these situations better but nothing I say seems to help her.  Can anyone relate? Any advice for me on how to not panic in these situations? Or, does anyone have any suggestions on how to let go as the non-adhd partner when you see things like this happening?  Appreciate you all so much!
585a21d4e017c6f636f47d59382ce05018a57bf17e5c275f4aadbdf1d9b5f5db;;;25M DX dating 26M NT partner for nearly 2 years.;;;I'm in a monogamous relationship with my partner for nearly 2 years now. We live in the same city and before the pandemic were able to meet twice in the week. However, I haven't seen him for 4 months now. My grandmother is very old and I can't risk her catching the virus.  He is a beautiful person and I most definitely love him. I am very much attracted to him. He is supportive, caring and tries really hard to understand me.   But, this is where it gets tricky.  When the relationship began, I was clearly hyperfocused on him. For the good part of the first year, I thought he was the most beautiful man on the planet.  Cut to now, i am just questioning things. If there is something better out there?   In January, we had broken up for a brief period and i went on ONE date with this guy and I think about what it would have been like to pursue that? What would it be like to date him and have sex with him.  I find myself wanting to go on dates with other people. Talk to new people.   I didn't feel like this in the beginning of the relationship: I was ALL IN . I felt like this was THE ONE.  Recently, a stranger DMed me on Instagram; I didn't find him as attractive as I find my partner!! But, the thought of having sex with him crossed my mind. (Obviously i told the guy I am dating and turned him down) I feel so guilty that I have this need to seek novelty.   I feel that if I were to even break up and pursue other people, I would be in the same place after 2 years! It has happened in my past relationship also. I just suddenly lost interest.  The guilt about the guy i met in January bothers me too much. It is the personification of my need for novelty. But, i barely know him!! It's insane that I can imagine dating him without even knowing him.   I don't know what to do. Is this ADHD? Has anyone else experienced this? I want a future with my current partner. He is so good to me and for me but, I feel i will destroy this relationship to chase newness. What do I do?
7c6ecbd2057b126b30e0536648f2521626d77775e2b8a2faef15bf30408dda13;;;How to deal with partners inflexibility?;;;Do any of you have problems with your ADHD partner being inflexible in day to day life?  How do you deal with it?    It happens a lot over here, usually over something small.  Tonight it was because he decided he wants to help with the kids schooling (we homeschool).  As background: He's done maybe 2-3 lessons in five years with them.  I do ALL of the research on curriculum, prepping, planning, and 99.9% of the teaching.  He doesn't even know what we are doing at any given time.  Anyway, our two boys also have adhd and are very behind but I have a new math curriculum I'm doing with them and trying to get them caught up.  My 10 year old was badly dis-regulated earlier today so when dad got home I asked that he do the math lesson with the two older boys.   There is a section on calendars and I asked him to make sure he went over where the month and year is shown, and things of that nature.  It was about 30 more seconds to do.  He completely ignored it.  When I asked him again to make sure he did that he insisted (and still insists) that it is not what the book says to cover (it's a scripted curriculum) so he doesn't agree to cover it yet.  I mean really, we are just filling holes and they've learned the calendar many times before.  They just tend to forget information. He just absolutely refused to go off script.  Everything having to be twenty times harder than it needs to be drives me up the wall.  It was a simple request.   Now I feel like I can't ask him for help with school any more.
dd76338dde1216278a4cf1629a644a90e9f37fb246c1ba505a4b422f32cc02d5;;;Dealing with lack of attention;;;What is the best way to communicate with a partner who has a tendency to not respond/forget about you during a panic or anxiety attack? Several times I will be experiencing a panic attack and texting her that I am freaking out and i’m reaching out for her but she’ll go MIA and not respond.  In situations where she is panicking I know that she would not like this, I asked her if she would like it if I did the same to her and she said no.  This keeps happening and makes me feel extremely unwanted and uncared for. I recognize that a lot of my previous relationships play into these feelings and when I’m panicking I only see the negative and my fears lie to me.  Especially when I am panicking I do not see things in the best light.   I’ve known this woman for 12 years. Nothing else she does tells me that she doesn’t care for me, quite the opposite.   She was diagnosed only a few months ago and so I currently have no idea how to better communicate with her in ways that are better for her now that I know. and I have asked her what some good ways for me to express my feelings to her but she doesn’t know.   When she takes adderall she seems to be able to communicate with me in ways that I’ve never gotten from her before. Straight up able to communicate easily and tell me things that she fears as well as that she cares and worries for me.  I do feel a little guilty when she takes adderall and I love that she can tell me that she cares for me so easily.   The thing I’m currently struggling with is... how do I deal with this feeling of imbalance? I feel like that I will set down what I’m doing and make sure she is okay if I know that she is panicking; however, if I tell her that I’m panicking she will stop responding part way through and leave me.  She told me to tell her when she’s forgotten to respond, but I still feel forgotten and lonely when she tells me she was playing Minecraft and so didn’t respond.  I do not know the best ways to communicate with people with ADHD. There are many many other things in our lives that are great and wonderful and I do not want this to be a slander piece on her, I simply want to know if there is a way that I can communicate better to help solve this issue.  Any advice would be greatly appreciated
5ce79f4cffbf6415e6cf000a57da818fc275b632b8b9cb71e762aab5ba5e0668;;;Partner keeps forgetting my personal boundaries but wants to work on it - both feeling hopeless, need advice;;;I've (25F) been dating my partner (25M) for about seven months now. I have depression, anxiety, and a trauma background, and he has severe ADHD, a trauma background, and a history of depression. I'm on Zoloft for my symptoms, and he's on Adderall for his. We come from really different backgrounds (he's white and grew up outside Detroit with conservative Christian parents, and I'm Indian and grew up in a rich household in the suburbs).  I care about him deeply and think he's a wonderful person - caring, funny, and incredibly smart. He helps me to work through my trauma and helps me build self-confidence, encourages me to take care of myself and try new things (I tend to stick to what I know), and is willing to admit when he's wrong and puts in a tremendous amount of effort to understand me and my needs.  He's selfless and forgiving and thoughtful and kind, and helps me stay calm when my anxiety starts to take over.  We have a ton of differences too though, and they're putting an enormous strain on our relationship. From his side (short of him typing this): he grew up with parents who constantly made him feel like a disappointment, and physically and emotionally abused him; they also never got him help for his ADHD. From my side: I grew up with abusive parents and had abusive partners in the past, and therefore tend to be mistrustful of people as a default until I feel secure enough to trust them. I'm also very strict about my personal boundaries (physical, especially) and need them to be consistently respected to feel safe.   However, issues around those boundaries come up really often. As far as physical boundaries go, sex-wise - there have been times where I've said things like "I don't think I'm ready for x" or "I don't like it when you x", and he says he understands, but then he forgets and does the thing I asked him not to do. He apologizes, says he extremely sorry and/or truly misunderstood what I said (case by case) and wants to better respect my boundaries, and that he'll get better at it with time. I keep reminding myself that he's genuinely apologizing and trying to work on it, but when this keeps happening (especially when it's fine for a stretch and suddenly happens again), I feel really unsafe and start to spiral about whether I'm being taken advantage of or overreacting, and like I have to constantly be on guard to remind him before it can happen again.  This sort of thing also happens with the kinds of jokes that he makes (racial ones or ones at my expense) where I'll tell him that I'd rather he didn't crack jokes about Indian people around me, and he'll slip up and make one - apologizing after and saying that he didn't think the joke he made was that offensive/he finds it really hard to censor himself, and that he's super liberal and thought that I'd know that he wasn't being serious because of that, but that he understands that it's important to me and that he'll work on it. It seems like we have really different ideas of what makes an offensive joke offensive, and I'm struggling to find a way to compromise there.  Boundaries aside, I feel like often when I'm talking, he isn't paying attention - it's like he's looking off into space or doesn't say anything at all, and I have to repeat myself a few times. Or, if I'm sharing a story, he doesn't seem as engaged as I'd hope (doesn't ask questions, etc), or sometimes hears an opinion of mine and straight up tells me that it's wrong, when I feel like both of our opinions are valid. It's just a general sense of feeling like I'm not being heard/his instinct is to negate my opinion for some reason (small stuff - like for example, I'll make some theory about the X Files while we're watching, and he'll just shoot it down without really hearing it). I've talked to him about this and he says he definitely sees where I'm coming from, and wants to curb those behaviors, and that for him his brain's like a TV with the channels flipping back and forth constantly - so, he doesn't mean to ignore me or belittle me, he's just used to talking a certain way based on how he's grown up and because of his ADHD and he's actively trying to change.  He's also said that he sometimes wants to take a long time to think before he responds to me, because he knows we have different ideas of what an offensive joke is and doesn't want to say something that would hurt me. I don't want him to feel constantly self-censored and we've talked about that, but he says that he thinks I help him be more emotionally attuned and that it's a positive change.  But, it's been months, and I feel constantly on guard for the next time that he forgets a physical or emotional boundary. When I feel like he isn't paying attention while I'm talking or negates small things I say, I feel defeated and ignored, and at worst, overly sensitive/needy and burdensome. I feel bad for getting angry about something that he might not be able to fully control, and don't know how to balance that with my need for boundaries. I end up feeling numb or resentful, waiting for the next issue to crop up despite talking about it at length.  I should add that other issues that we've gone through have definitely improved (like, feeling like I have to do the brunt of the work to reconcile during fights - he does a lot to work through issues with me now, and I feel very secure in that). He also reaches out to me more now, and genuinely makes me feel very cared about in ways that I haven't felt in past relationships. It breaks my heart because I can tell that he's trying very hard to remember my boundaries, and feels very helpless when he forgets them. I don't know how to help him remember, and I also don't want to have to constantly be alert and in the position of having to remind him.  I don't know what to do, because the level of stress I'm feeling about this is not sustainable and I don't want both of us feeling miserable about this indefinitely. I also don't want to break up with him if this is something that can be fixed. I've read this [book](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007N2XMA8/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_d_asin_title_o01?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1) and it's helpful, but it hasn't helped me with finding a way to balance my need for boundaries with flexibility/understanding for his ADHD. Any (kind) advice would be appreciated.
032ac901af61242318d48790c10f216c3216ee31577c78782cc2b3a6cdf2815e;;;There's mice in my apartment now because he leaves old food on the floor;;;I've been lurking here awhile, I believe my partner of over a year is undiagnosed after looking up his symptoms for hours and seeing the stories posted in this sub. Obviously I can't be sure since I'm not a doctor, but too many things add up that lead me to believe my boyfriend might have adhd.  I try to be supportive and sympathetic, because at the end of the day he is super loving, kind, generous and honestly one of the most amazing guys I've ever dated. With that being said, seeing two mice hanging out by his bag in my room is finally pushing me to post here for some support.  My boyfriend stays with me pretty much 24/7, his side of the room is much messier than mine but it's still lightyears better than what he allowed to happen in his apartment. I just kind of accepted the fact that I'd bear the brunt of the housework because I'm very clean naturally and honesty don't mind doing most of it if it means getting done the way I like it. But this is too much. I texted him immediately and asked if he had food in his bag to which he replied he has peanut butter and an old sandwich. I'm so grossed out because I can handle doing most of the dishes and being the one to make the bed every morning and things like that, but I'm finding it unacceptable that he has old food in my room that is now attracting mice. I don't know enough about adhd to truly understand this behavior, but it's frustrating beyond words. The trash can is like 7 feet away. This morning I went to throw out some receipts and I saw he had thrown his oatmeal packets into the trash half-assed so it was sticking out of the bag and some leftover oatmeal was sticking to the trash can rather than being emptied directly into the bag. It is constant shit like this that pushes me to the edge. Just take the extra 2 seconds to do it right! It's always stuff like that where if he just took less than a minute to do the task correctly the first time he wouldn't have to redo it over and over.    The only time he's been upset with me is when he says it sounds like I'm talking to him like a child. But guess what, if he's not going to act like the 32 year old man that he is and clean up after himself then what choice do I have? When he cooks dinner and absolutely trashes the kitchen, I have to ask him to get off the bed and off his phone to help me put everything away and clean all the sauces/gunk off the surfaces. Recently I spent an hour scrubbing down the shower to get it super clean and by the end of the day he had stuck all his shower hairs to the walls and toothpaste was stuck on the floor.  When other people post similar stories on here I know some of the responses encourage a serious re-evaluation of the relationship. But he has stuck by me through some really tough life changes, and goes out of his way to help me in other ways. I don't want to give up this relationship, but there comes a point where he has to step it up, even if it's difficult. I'm sorry, but that's just life. I suffer from severe anxiety and it used to impact my ability to get to work on time. But I knew that I couldn't get a pass on being there when I needed to be because of my anxiety, so I learned how to take necessary steps to work around it.   Even though these seem like minor issues on paper, I find myself on alert pretty often, like following him around to close the cabinets he leaves open. Or buying my roommate new toothpaste because he continuously uses hers instead of the one I bought for us despite reminding him daily which is ours. Sorry this is so long, I'm just so stressed out right now because it is literally constant. How can I help him while expressing my growing need for support in this area of our relationship?
cb064c1bae5c7f118091ab66cce4ab76b4c06f4077eb5bc44c757e2049a97d58;;;Suggestions always wrong...;;;Hello,   My boyfriend is undiagnosed starting to get the ball rolling now. But he has been seen a psychologist.   He made a plan with the psych last Thursday, which didn’t work. And now each plan he has made since then he hasn’t done.   I tried suggesting making a new plan, with a new time, but that gets shut down. I suggest just sitting with me at the table with his laptop while I’m doing my assignment to try and get him to do his, tried to make him feel productive (walked dog &amp; showered) still nope.   Every single thing I do or suggest he just shuts down. Doesn’t even try. I know he isn’t lazy, and now that we are considering ADHD (been together 6 years like this) I get that his brain works differently. But I just have zero clue what to do.  He keeps failing uni subjects coz he doesn’t complete assignments, then feels shit for failing. I’m just at a loss...   Please help 😓
737e504e1a9bdad9eccae4a1bfb2b8f550a172aa89e29bf1d47ed279276804c7;;;Do consequences matter?;;;My husband and 2 of my kids have ADHD and it is HARD needless to say. One problem that is bugging me is that they don't EVER seem to learn from their mistakes and improve, mainly bc they probably forget it ever happened? Whether it's the children that do something wrong and therefore have a consequence, or my husband constantly losing his stuff, but not preparing the day before so he isn't late for work when he's constantly looking for everything he's lost. These are just small examples, but I just feel like my teaching and helping is all in vein. They seem to never learn from any mistake/wrong doing, is my teaching pointless, or do I continue to try to help?   Also, I get so frustrated bc my husband is not good with the 2 ADHD kids. He is so annoyed with them and there (difficult) ways. He does not see he is just like them and a huge hypocrite in all his teachings to them, in every way.  When we are alone I try to kindly help him understand why the child may have reacted poorly to his discipline, or why the child may have done whatever he did in the first place, and at times show him how the exact same scenarios happen with him and I, but of course he just gets super defensive and upset and I have to drop it all. What do I do?   I'm so tired. I'm mentally/emotionally and physically exhausted from all 3 of them. I feel like I have to learn how to live my best life despite the facts, but I am having a hard time figuring out how to do that and manage everything in the family at the same time. Thanks for listening.
ef57127d0df13a6024783dabaffc88b0f114d1b8eedb21affc0fe94b0475ff33;;;My partner is trying to out-think his RSD;;;Hello friends. I have literally just found this group after sitting up at 3am googling ways to support a partner with severe RSD after what can only be described as a two-hour-long DEBATE with my beloved, where he took the stance 'this house believes I am universally disliked' - and I am now pretty exhausted.  I have been with my partner now almost a decade and we've been friends for significantly longer. He's my best friend in the whole world. He was diagnosed about one and a half years ago and until then I just thought he was a bit scatter-brained. He's fiercely intelligent and a born questioner - given any opportunity to research something he'll snatch it and become an expert.   Unfortunately, since he was diagnosed he's devoured as much content as he can find. Books, YouTube videos, NHS guidelines, historical context everything. He was on the track from diagnosis to medication, but was stopped by a number of health issues and doctors giving him the run around. Then lockdown started and the whole process was stopped.   Since then he's spiralled because he knows he's due to be medicated. But hears nothing from the service who have paused all their appointments. He's been suffering greatly this past month from severe RSD, he quit Facebook all together over a disagreement with a mutual friend and a firm belief that he is only barely tolerated on the platform by our friends. He's always been torn between his reclusive RSD self and his actual outgoing chatty self. But recently I've found I can't talk him around.  We have all the same friends and he's convinced himself that they only put up with him because I'm more outgoing and he's just some troll who they have to include in things. This isn't true. He's got fewer social activities, but he's broadly well liked, often invited to (digital) hangouts and we game regularly with friends.   By now he knows all the tricks. He knows all the things I'm going to say to try and talk him around.   - I always let him have his space when he needs it.  - I tell him when his feelings are accurate (the friend who bullied him off FB was in the wrong) and when it's the RSD talking (people do like spending time with him). - I try to list hard facts and times when he's been socially accepted and list nice things people say about him.   But he knows all of these methods. He comments on how pathetic it is that he needs people to say 'nice things' about him in order to feel better. Or that he wants people to socialise with him without needing to be prompted - even though traditionally I tend to sort out our communal social activities. I worry that by researching too many coping mechanisms he's now 'wise to the tricks' and expects them from me and also from himself.  I loathe seeing him like this and I want to be able to help him. But more than any ADHD adjacent effect, RSD is the most insidious and hardest to support him through.
ff9bda403ee23220ca869bee0779e23db84f6a3020192799c268978706a4a7b0;;;Counseling &amp; Impact on non-ADHD Partner.;;;My spouse (ADHD dx) has struggled with this for years. Finally diagnosed about 6 months ago. We have 3 kids: 8, 6, and 18 months. The 18 month old is a product of one of her three affairs. We are now on the inside times - quarantined at home til whenever. I work from home during this period, and she is not working. She typically works per-diem but has not asked for more shifts/hours as she does not want to work with coronavirus in her hospital.  She is taking meds, sporadically, and no / little focus on if they are helping or adjusting the meds. She constantly diminishes the impact of her ADHD to her psychiatrist, counselor, and ADHD coach. I'm struggling mightily and need some advice if I'm being unreasonable with the following:  Her counselor has said she needs to focus on only 2 things, and 2 things alone. She's trying to do too much. First thing: wake up by 7:30, take meds, start the day. Second thing, go for a walk with the kids at their first break. I asked her what the implication was for everything else - and her answer was those are the only two important things, and I need to support her / praise her for doing them.  The baby typically wakes up around 6:30. The other two around 7. I'm now responsible for getting them up, dressed (the smallest), and fed. Then start my day job all day, but come up throughout the day if she wants to take a nap, needs time to herself, or wants to do a hobby. I've read a bunch of books on this, and have worked to set expectations, boundaries, and more - but with her counselor saying "those two things only matter" I can't. I'm mean, unkind, and a jerk if I say it's too hard for me to do it all while working.   I've asked to attend a session with her counselor but she said he said that wouldn't be appropriate.  Am I unreasonable to ask for more than those two items? Or am I making it harder on her / me / the family by having too many expectations?
1153fb0a2341ed0b395891f0b7b0cb74862c55b6cecbbeac2fab2992502189e4;;;Need support. His ADHD has broken me literally and I couldn't leave if I wanted to.;;;Married 6 years and I will spare you the background. Usual stuff. Feeling lonely and neglected. Nothing proactive except personal interests. Head in the phone. Super ufking defensive even when I phrase things just so, or skip the complaint and go right to the request. Death by a thousand papercuts. Roller coaster relationship and a walk through a funhouse mirror when I try to work through an issue with him because he turns it around, or adds his own complaint or denies or tries to discount the validity based on unimportant details.   I am so ufking exhausted. I am broken. Literally. I have a chronic autoimmune illness that I believe came about partly from the stress of this relationship.   He takes meds, no consistent therapy. Lots of shame and self esteem issues. Underemployed so I'm the breadwinner on top of all the administrative stuff the partner has to usually manage on some level.   So lonely. I resent that he is so passive about behavioral self support. He just let's it all hang out, path of least resistance. I've had to resort to too many ultimatums over the years. He can be quite kind, thoughtful and generous but also can have a severe lack of empathy, super avoidant, thinks I just want to complain or pick fights.   Decent father, very swingy partner. Untrustworthy because of the ADHD. I have a trauma history so his untrustworthiness is SUPER difficult for me. The chaotic life, lack of routine, is also hard. The mess oh dear God the mess. The lack of effort to talk through anything fully or problem solve. He wants me to just tell him what to do. I feel like that's so lazy and again neglectful to the relationship. We have seen 2 counselors together. Currently I've said no more as a couple until he works on himself first. The self esteem issues make communication impossible and I'm over it.   We have a toddler. Because of having a toddler, and having a chronic illness, and him already saying he would love away if we divorce, I'm trapped. The stress makes my illness worse. It's hard to vent to friends without feeling like my husband is right and I am BPD because the relationship is so up and down. It's hard to work on my personal issues because his crises and the pain points, resentment and hurt of the present keep taking over my energy.   His daughter volunteered to help him remember a dinner option tomorrow and I nearly lost my mind when he thanked her proactively and with warmth in his voice.   Like dude, where the ufk is the warm, proactive appreciation for what I do on a daily basis for the last 6 years?!?!? He says she volunteered without also giving him ish for it.   I suspect anyone in my shoes, having to reconcile this chaos on the daily, would eventually not be able to help without also being exasperated.   I'm so tired. I have let go of so many expectations. I'm not ready to accept that my practical needs for equitable distribution of labor are never going to be met AND I will always have to feel worthless and beg for attention. Why can't he just set reminders to schedule active effort to nurture the relationship? I feel so taken advantage of.  At the same time when I'm sick he helps without complaining and will take on all of the immediate domestic needs. Things may not be perfect but we survive. He's good when I'm incapacitated but somehow expects me to handle way too much when I'm not. Which means I'm incapacitated more and more often since I have this autoimmune disease.   I get angry and hurt and stressed then break from the stress then I'm too sick to voice my pain and he treats me better but then I recover and try to calmly express my hurt over some lapse and he gets agitated and defensive.   Sorry this is so long. I wouldn't be surprised if no one wants to even bother reading. Thanks in advance for reading if you decided to.
ccda97519def98925938bc478799f2ad8aac8bac5ef45a7b2a2172ca62e8d40a;;;No intimacy after Dx;;;5 years together. So recently we found out that my partner has ADHD and I don’t know why but I have so much resentment about this when he was super happy and relieved. For years it’s been like a battle on my end but I guess for him he’s just happy he has answers about all his behaviors. The behaviors I had to put up with for 5 years thinking I was the one that was worthless. So now, I’m finding it hard to be intimate with him because I’m so mad/sad and sometimes I feel like it’s not worth it anymore if this is gonna be a life long thing. Is this normal and will my resentment ever go away?
57b2372c903d14de3efaf742b139ccb099a5e9518ce7ca243e4987545d9dec62;;;How do I broach the topic?;;;My boyfriend is NDX, and has never considered a diagnosis -- I think. We've been dating for a few years and live together. I've noticed symptoms since before we dated, but we've been able to work through a lot of them... however, that has involved me taking on a lot of household responsibilities. Recently, things have been a little more difficult for me to manage because my own anxiety has been high. I want to talk to him about how he could potentially have ADHD -- and could therefore pursue treatment for it -- but how do I broach this subject without being an asshole?   I'm so frustrated by always seeming like the jerk for nagging and pointing out things he's done "wrong," but I feel like he doesn't see the invisible 90% of our household work I do -- when he does things, it's like they are worth more than the invisible things that I do, even the information I always have floating in my head that he does not -- things like directions to places that are two blocks away, or the layout of the stores we go to, or where every object is in our house. He is so hyperfocused on other things that it's like his brain doesn't have room for the daily information that I take care of. But I also am at fault for swooping in and dealing with information instead of giving him a chance, right? We have talked about this -- but it is just so much easier than dealing with the fallout, so I don't know how to deal with that.   The losing things and inability to keep track of information has been something I can deal with for the most part. But recently the hyperfocusing on one thing has been difficult -- when we're with family, he will talk right over me and my family members without noticing, and it makes me feel uncomfortable. If he is doing anything and I attempt to say something to him, it's as if I never spoke at all. I feel like my time is less valuable than his, and the things I do have turned into work to allow him to keep living and thriving despite his behavior.   Sorry this is somewhat of a vent -- this is the first time I've been able to talk about this, and I don't know what exactly I'm doing here. But I need help, and I know the first thing I need to do is talk to him, but this is going to be the trickiest conversation I've ever had and I don't want it to be an emotional catastrophe. Any advice would be appreciated.
5f6e08ad614609b58c34badfeaa550836f57761ce9a3f8905b8713ef6638445e;;;How do we get help?;;;My husband was diagnosed as a child, and he had a really bad experience on his meds back in the early 2000's. In his early twenties, he suffered from depression, and had bad experiences seeing a counselor.  Here we are in 2019. Things have been particularly bad lately--bad with his ADHD and potentially OCD on top of it (assuming he inherited both things from his father and not just ADHD). Last weekend it got to the point where he was so frustrated with himself and wishing he could change. But he is absolutely not willing to consider medications or counseling. He doesn't want any kind of professional help. He just thinks he needs to be stricter with himself, and that I need to help him more.  But I can't manage his ADHD for him. I really think we need help. I know there isn't a magic bullet, but surely with some help, things could be better than they have been.  Has anyone else been in this position? How did you convince your significant other to get help? Are there baby steps we should start with?
7a7789a69203b323420e5e52561944e4ae7e8b46196fcc76558a3fa02dcad618;;;For those whose partners are medicated, are they also going to therapy? Is it helping?;;;And what did it take for you to get them to that point (or did they get there themselves)? I've been slowly encouraging my spouse to start seeking a therapist now that we have insurance coverage but he's not taking the initiative, and my therapist explained to me the other day that meds and therapy *have* to walk hand-in-hand or it won't work and they'll just up his meds. That has already happened at least twice, maybe a third time. His prescribing doctor may or may not be encouraging therapy, I don't know. I just know that without the tools learned there, the meds are only working halfway and it's not really helping our home or our life together.
e446f8784e6ab2ba0a747795f239960b808a294c9b743173906898973fe6468c;;;How to get ADHD/PI partner to proactively connect emotionally.;;;My SO and I have been together for well over a decade now. When we first started dating I was especially taken by their positivity and candour and we quickly moved in, got engaged, and got married (less than 8 months from first date to “I do”). While we had our problems, and hindsight being what it is, there were a lot of signs of RSD and ADHD that were ignored, we otherwise unknowingly “managed” despite the difficulties. However, it wasn’t until the pandemic, when things between us got their worst, that they were finally diagnosed.  Complicating matters is that we both had traumatic childhood experience that included abandonment, neglect, and emotional abuse, resulting in us both having anxious-preoccupied attachment styles (adults with this style of attachment seek high levels of intimacy, approval, and responsiveness from their attachment figure). So basically, ADHD/PI can and does cause my partner to fail to connect with me emotionally in the exact way I need them to. When I try to talk to them about it, the conversation quickly goes back to it being an effect of the ADHD. Broken as I am, I’m still here.  I just want to feel like I, as an individual, matter to the people I should the most. But I don’t. At this point, I only really seem to matter when I make a fuss. Otherwise, things are great when I keep my mouth shut. I guess I just don’t know what to do - I’ve had dark days and dark thoughts, and I want this to work, but how am I expected to do so when I feel so lonely and sad and it’s caused by someone I love who’s not doing it on purpose?!? I don’t understand.  Thanks for letting me vent.
4bcaacb58f961b548e12794dc4a09c3135fa3f3e76374350179c3f65b5a65c0e;;;Tips for talking to my diagnosed hubby about how I'm feeling.;;;My husband(38) was diagnosed young and then ignored it for the better part of 2 decades. His add recently came to the  fiery forefront after a death in the family, some abusive behavior, and the near destruction of our marriage.  The good news is, he sees the light and is getting help and trying his absolute best to do better. We've implemented some organizing skills, and he's really latched onto them. He's fighting really hard to communicate better, and be more aware of the effect of  his behavior.  This brings me to the problem. I have a really hard time articulating how his behavior made me feel in a way that's easily understandable for him. He genuinely doesn't understand how my feelings get from point a to b. Me trying to explain myself leaves him feeling bad a frustrated and me frustrated and hopeless. The thing is, the guy really wants to understand and I want to do better. Any good advice for communicating out there?  We already wait until we are both calm, and it's quiet to talk about it.  Tips, tricks, and reading materials are wholeheartedly welcome
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;Dating someone with severe adhd - is it worth it?;;;My exboyfriend of 2 years had severe, and untreated adhd, (some meds the last year, that made him scary apathic, and at worst escalated with him sexually assaulting me) and from that Ive seen how bad it can get (Well knowing it doesnt have to for everyone). It started with always being hours late, forgetting appointments, white lies but escalated into emotional abuse over the years, to the point that Im not quite sure he has functioning empathy and have too much narcissism in him. I know this is something I dont want again.  So, Ive been talking some with a new person I met. I can already tell we could become romantic involved - but he has severe adhd too and Im scared. All the small cute adhd things he does now, I worry will escalate into hell. Im especially terrified of rejection sensitivity. Im at the very beginning and can still go another way.   So my question is, if you could go back to rhe beginning of your adhd partner, would you have stopped yourself, now knowing what you know now? Or was it worth it.
45b7e96947f98913c480bc0968e68228bb13302e31fc5c8b06758379a64cab2b;;;Help! How do I navigate prescription abuse?;;;This is my first post on this thread, so please bear with me as I hope it makes sense. I guess I just need to vent.   My partner is diagnosed with ADHD and prescribed Adderall that he is supposed to be taking 2x per day. 60 tablets per bottle meaning it should last him a month before needing a refill. In the past, I've known that he wasn't taking it as prescribed because I'd watch him take it in the morning. but he never would take it in the evening.  I tried to reason with him without coming off as nagging. Earlier in the year he would have moments once a month where he wasn't acting like himself. He'd become very withdrawn, want to be left alone, rather rude, and not showing any affection. These moments happened about once a month. He'd also "magically" run short on his medicine before the month was up.  Then, this past summer, I learned that he was selling his half Adderall to someone at his work. He doesn't need the money as he does pretty well for himself, so I was confused as to why he as doing it. I tried to reason with him and he promised that he'd stop selling, and start taking it as prescribed. A couple months later, same thing again. This time I got very upset and pleaded with him to stop and to take it as prescribed. When he's not taking his medicine, he's just not a fun person to be around. He again promised he'd stop. Fast forward to this weekend. He asked me to bring him his medicine and I noticed that the bottle as nearly empty with only about 4 or 5 pills left in it. This made no sense because the prescription was written at the beginning of the month. I again got upset, not only for the fact that he wasn't taking the medicine, but because he'd gone back on his promise and lied about it. He says that he wasn't selling it,  but instead gave it to his friend because "that's what bros do". His friend also has ADHD and has a past history of abusing his medication. His friends wife locks up his medicine and gives it to him daily. I don't want to do this because I want to treat my partner as a partner and not as a child. What do I do? I'm tempted to tell his friends wife about it, but I don't want to because I know my partner would be hurt, and his friend would be hurt as well.   What do I do with this whole situation? I guess I'm just venting because I'm really struggling going through these 1 week periods each month where he acts like this.
4a42588449800d33d15ef46ca74f74027e34ec4c46954e1fe9bbe66730162e9d;;;There's nothing else I can do;;;When your severe adhd partner knows that there's such a deep problem with communication and basic living skills and cries and begs for you to not end it and promises it will change...it can't. Not for him. He knows there's a problem. He knows its destroying our marriage. He cries and pleads. I've sent him articles, online quizzes, discussed, screamed, cried, begged, made his appointments, got him on meds, do everything...washing, cooking, cleaning, paying the bills cause he can't remember, do all the shopping/appointments/taking him to and from work cause he can't drive (never has, doesn't try to learn at 32 y/o), pack his daily lunch, clean up his monstrous messes, finding everything he loses, remind him of important dates to file taxes, go to appointments, begged him to make daily to-do lists...and he can't mentally or physically put in the effort...I fucking can't. Married for almost 2 years. I can't take it anymore. Marriage is a team. It's 50/50. All the burden is on me and I can't leave. No job, no family, we have a 6 month old, no child care, car is fucking falling apart...I didn't sign up for this. My life and mental health has diminished. Omfg.
e4e3f42918a3f12293e0034e7b7c92d1c5ae12eb3452be2471c20275b446c463;;;The importance of Hydration and ADHD medication - A reminder to make sure your partner is drinking enough;;;    I wanted to share something I learnt the hard way about the importance of hydration and ADHD medication. This may be useful to those of you with medicated partners, and it may even provide explanations or answers to things you didn’t know you wanted the answer for.    **What happens when you stop drinking enough?**  In short, you become dehydrated and will experience symptoms such as feeling tired or dizzy. The symptoms increase in severity the more dehydrated you become, eventually resulting in fits and seizures. Symptoms that might sound familiar, based on the posts in this sub, are increased irritability, confusion, lethargy and poor sleep.   Normally you would experience feeling thirsty before you experience any symptoms of dehydration. However, some people might forget to drink periodically until they begin to feel mild symptoms of dehydration, such as a dry mouth, before they remember to drink something. This especially prevalent for those people diagnosed with inattentive type ADHD for example.   **ADHD Medication**  ADHD medication is designed to alleviate the symptoms of ADHD, generally aimed at improving attentiveness. A side effect of this is that those people taking ADHD medication become less distractible or impulsive, meaning they may not allow the feeling of thirst, hunger, or the need to go to the bathroom, distract them from their current task. Meaning they will reduce their rate of water intake, possibly completely unaware of their increasingly severe symptoms of dehydration.  Some ADHD medications also act as a diuretic, reducing production of the hormone, Vasopressin, that would normally tell the kidneys to reabsorb water rather than allow it to flush through to the bladder. This results in a greater rate of water loss for those people taking ADHD medication, putting them at increased risk of dehydration.  **The knock on effect**  Most commonly prescribed stimulant medications used for treating ADHD are designed to release their dose over an extended period of time. If you aren’t sure what type your partner is taking, the following is a list of some common brands of prolonged release stimulant medication:   · *Concerta Xl*  · *Adderal XR*  · *Ritalin LA*  · *Daytrana*  · *Focalin XR*  · *Quillivant XR*  · *Vyvanse*  · *Metadate CD*  In general, these medications are designed to release their dose over 6 to 12 hours, however, due to how these interact with the body, the durations specified by the manufacturer will vary between patients. Each manufacturer will have their own, often patented, mechanism for how each drug achieves the prolonged release. Unless the drug is administered by anything other than orally, they generally rely on the mechanism of ***Osmosis*** and ***Diffusion*** to function.  The drugs “payload” will be released as it passes through the digestive tract. [Osmosis](https://o.quizlet.com/6exhTo-2j7S8be7v57NQgw_b.png), in this instance, is the movement of water, through a semi-permeable membrane (the drugs capsule), from a low concentration solution (the digestive tract), to a higher concentration solution (inside the drug capsule).   [Diffusion](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/12/Diffusion.svg) on the other hand, is the movement of molecules in solution, moving from an area of high concentration *(inside the drug*) to a an area of lower concentration (*outside the drug*).   Using [Concerta](https://drgrcevich.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/concerta.png) as an example to help explain:  1. The tablet is designed to allow water to enter the capsule via ***Osmosis.***  2. The drug contained within the capsule then dissolves into the water creating a concentrated solution  3. The drug then ***diffuses*** across the semi-permeable membrane to outside the capsule, in this case, the digestive tract.  **But what does remembering to drink periodically have anything to do with it?**  Molecules have no mind of their own and don’t know that they need to be exiting the drug capsule at a constant rate. Instead they rely on the difference in concentrations between the solutions inside the capsule, and outside the capsule, to control the rate at which the drug is released.   If you are not regularly taking on fluids, the amount of water in the digestive tract will decrease. This effectively *increases* the concentration of the solution outside the drug capsule. This has a detrimental impact on the equilibrium between the two environments and results in a lower rate of release from the drug.   ***Therefore*** you won’t be receiving the dose you should be, reducing the effectiveness of the medication.  **Neglecting hydration**   It should be noted that the blood stream and the digestive tract work the same way. The intestine is essentially a capsule containing molecules that must diffuse across the membrane of the intestine and into the blood stream. Whilst this is aided by [active transport/facilitated diffusion](http://www.phschool.com/science/biology_place/biocoach/biomembrane1/glucose.html), it relies heavily on diffusion as well.  You may notice your partner regularly neglects or forgets to maintain a healthy level of hydration (*and this also applies to short acting medications)*, only to later realise and drink a large amount of water because they “are really thirsty”… (sound familiar?) By suddenly introducing more water in to the digestive tract, you are diluting the solution and reducing the concentration of the drug in the digestive tract.   As a result, it is possible the concentration of the drug within your blood stream may eventually equal, or exceed, that of the concentration within the digestive tract. This means the drug in the digestive tract has nowhere to go because both solutions are of equal concentration.   In extreme cases of dehydration, molecules start moving from the blood stream back in to the digestive tract even though you are drinking and trying to rehydrate. If this is the case, I would expect you to be in A&amp;E and taking some form of oral rehydration solution.   **Tips for ADHDers to help remember to drink**  We all know reminders don’t work, nor do apps designed to keep track of your water consumption. Visual reminders work best so here goes:  1. Get yourself a clear water bottle that you know the volume of, and keep it at your workstation. The visual reminder of a bottle full of water should provide a visual reminder to drink. *Hint: most bottles will be around* *500ml/1pint or 1 litre/2 pints. Go for a bigger one if refilling it is too much effort.*  2. Find out how much you *should* be drinking each day and aim for that. *ToolTip:* [*Here is a calculator that does it for you.*](https://www.hydrationforhealth.com/en/hydration-tools/hydration-calculator/)  3. Set yourself a goal to drink half of that amount by lunch time, and again by bed time. Using the number of bottles it takes to make up the volume. ***PRO-Tip (Pros only): Get yourself one of*** [***these***](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Water-Bottle-Straw-Hydrate-Motivational/dp/B071GNKBV8/ref=asc_df_B071GNKBV8/?tag=googshopuk-21&amp;linkCode=df0&amp;hvadid=214318306971&amp;hvpos=&amp;hvnetw=g&amp;hvrand=3454650125099271383&amp;hvpone=&amp;hvptwo=&amp;hvqmt=&amp;hvdev=c&amp;hvdvcmdl=&amp;hvlocint=&amp;hvlocphy=1006598&amp;hvtargid=pla-625646246632&amp;psc=1) ***and hit two birds with one stone!***   **Thanks for reading, happy to answer any questions you might have in the comments.**   *Source: BSc Biochemistry and MSc Chemistry at University of Leeds. Also taking Concerta and have evaluated its biochemical mechanism. You can find this* [*here*](https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2007/021121s014lbl.pdf)*. Where possible I have provided links to visual aides to assist with explanation.*
927fd906b4c59d22dd28f792f9c6db8244b797e5e90affbd621b3b69c6609661;;;I don't know if this is one of ADHD symptoms (flirting/women)- My husband;;;   My husband said he was okay to go to a day trip with one girl. She is a single and a neighbor.  The story is :  She asked us to go to a day trip but I was not able to make it. And then my husband said he wanted to go. Also, he was okay to go with only her.  But it looks like she didn't want to go with only him.(1:1). And then, he kept saying ' Does that mean she didn't want to go with me? '  I told him why he wanted to go to a day trip with only her. It is weird. He said he was a grown up man. She is a grown up person. So there is no restriction for them. That is why he wants to go to a day trip with only her.  I don't know why he really cares her. I feel like he didn't respect me even though I am his wife.  And also he ( over 80%) asked me to text her to hang out whenever we hang out. One day, he made food for her since he saw her on his way home and she looked sad. He wanted to invite only  her to our brunch since he said she looked so sad. After we helped her to move some furniture (over 3 hours) , at night, he wanted to check if she was okay or not. And he kept saying to text her.   &amp;#x200B;  Last night, I asked him why he really cared her. He didn't say anything and said I didn't understand the whole content.   &amp;#x200B;  He sometimes gaslighted like I was too sensitive/ negative/ racist /impatient.   Is that one of symptoms? If not, I don't know what  I am going to do.   Since he tried to do at least 'casual interactions' with her. That is cheating. I felt humiliated and still shocked.
5a419c671502d15b693c4db6f8f1630d97adb4d31f682f98bd968718a10545cc;;;Leaving this sub;;;Hi Everybody,  I found it super helpful to lurk and read posts here in the first year and a half of my wife being diagnosed. I know it's really helpful to vent and process, especially at the time of new diagnosis. We're really moving forward and ADHD has gone from the most important crisis and biggest threat in our relationship to just another attribute about my wife's character. We're looking forward to buying a house and having kids.   I'm leaving because I don't really need to vent and rage anymore. I've done that. I'm past the denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and finally am in acceptance. I love my wife and expect we'll stay together.   Wanted to post this here with this message to remind y'all of a fact: people in these kinds of support groups are going through the worst part. Once you are in a better place, it can be draining, unpleasant, and even triggering to be in the presence of those suffering. There are probably millions of people that are married happily to an ADHD partner, they just aren't in here struggling anymore, they move on and move off the support groups once they don't need support.   Let this message serve as proof that I'm a happy success story, that things got better, and they can get better for you too.   All the best to everyone, goodbye!
31ccbc2f763b5685cbec95555da0cc0799cf350dff3b077f1aab99b7ba54bcf2;;;I want him taking his adderall;;;My boyfriend is diagnosed with ADHD and has a prescription for adderall but rarely takes it.  I want to ask him to take it because his symptoms are so overwhelming to me and stress me out.  Since I have rarely seen him on it, what effect does adderall have? And does anyone have any advice on how to kindly ask him to take it more often?
ae70921e54292d867c3f14d2ae20c731d26555bc170928bbdaaad786b3b5a55b;;;tl;dr Saturday was hell, Sunday was heaven. Both days were worth it.;;;I joined this page about a week ago because I was overwhelmed in a new relationship and looking for support/advice on how to be a better partner. I didn't really get what I came for, so I'm posting.  I've been dating someone for &lt;6 mos. and it's been challenging. There are days where I take everything personally and I get pissed off and overwhelmed. My Partner has had panic attacks, been hours late to important functions, forgotten their meds, battled with addiction.  But there are days that have been beautiful. Most of them are. We laugh, we eat good food, we watch our favorite shows, we walk the dogs, we tackle projects around our respective homes together.  The BIGGEST THINGS that have helped are 1. I have stopped taking things personally and understand that they are NOT doing things to upset me or because they don't care and 2. education is KEY to understanding. ASK how you can help them and LISTEN to their answer. Everyone is different and you can make their life (and your life) more pleasant and joyful by increasing your empathy and understanding.   All that said, ADHD is very new to my life and I would appreciate any advice for those in long-term relationships on how to best be supportive and still be independant. Our biggest struggles are time management and self-worth. Thanks for listening.
efc88fd7f15779f1b52ada8957224429c1ad2c4b70a9390dbfb287691ca2a184;;;Anyone find the secret to reminding without nagging?;;;My partner is diagnosed but not medicated. We do our best to help each other with general adulthood things. Which means I end up doing lots of housework and keep them on schedule with things. But. This often comes across as nagging. I don't want to be that guy, but at a certain point, things need done. Do any of you have any strategies that seem to work?
9d8db0ecb9c7f0872ed5aa698b610c5d027db1b74782b55ddba946b73a312b3f;;;Being open to the future;;;TLDR at the bottom, this is not meant to be a rant. The first bits are just a bit of background information for the question at the bottom.  My DX prescribed medication(but only takes once every few weeks, especially as he has been out of work throughout Covid) and I have been together for almost 2 years and have had our ups and downs. We had the typically described infatuation period where, as I know now, I had his hyperfocus and we moved fairly quickly. But a huge wave of depression followed with some tough life decisions for him brought the end to our honeymoon period, and we've been through it since then.   We both work at ski resorts during the winter, and while I am still a full time uni student and work part time, he works full time. Last season was his first time ever having a full time job, and it was difficult for us. To start, we work at different ski resorts, but they are about 3 miles apart so we carpool, which was nice. But our respective resorts have very different "types" of people, including the staff. His coworkers are not my favorite as they tend to suggest bad habits, ie smoking and trying new things, and he almost always accepts. This led to a lot of anxiety on my part, as I know he has addictive tendencies. On top of that, his co-workers really intimidated me for those reasons, and when I was invited to do things with them I had horrible anxiety about it and could not even interact. On top of which, he had told me about a girl coworker that openly liked him and had been flirting with him. I try not to be the jealous type, but all the above combined with seeing him for less hours in the week than she did, was just about setting me over the edge. She could never remember my name, which he later admitted that he could tell she was doing that just to mess with me. So a lot of anxiety piled up.   As I said above our schedules meant that we were seeing each other the least we had in pretty much our entire relationship and it was hard. He has the impulsivity that means he will agree to plans on the spot without stopping to see if he was supposed to be doing something else, and as above will agree to some unsavory things if they're offered. This all started to make me feel forgotten and like he never thought about me. We argued frequently which made me feel less loved, and due to my anxiety and rising depression I, somewhat unknowingly, started to pull away. At which point he started spending more time with anyone who wasn't me, which made me pull away more and feel completely alone. I was so anxious every day and I started to feel so horribly about myself. At this point I had gone to his house planning on breaking up with him, and I quote I said "you can't just be a seasonal bf". The crux was a night where I just broke down and cried so hard I was choking on my own tears. I realized I had pulled away from him, my friends(so much so that my best friend moved out of my house), and even my coworkers, and then felt like since I had done so it was too late to fix it and I was going to be completely alone and what was the point in being. I have never felt so awful, and it was all my fault, he had pulled away because I did first without really meaning to. So we talked it all out and tried to set some new standards for texting and seeing each other.   So when I look back on last season I remember anxiety, loneliness, sadness, fear, loss, and many other negative feelings. And now it is back, the ski resorts open this weekend and we are working at our respective resorts again. He is stoked, it's his favorite time of the year, I am terrified and anxious.  We have had a good year, quarantine was good to us, we lived together for the first 2 months and thrived. And we've gotten better at setting better time boundaries, which is something I've been specifically working on to prepare myself for winter. But despite our good year, I've been feeling sick and scared about this winter, like it will be another version of the last.  Long story short is how can I open my heart and mind going into this time period, knowing it is an entirely new year and we've been together longer. My anxiety makes this hard, and he doesn't understand why I'm focusing on the worst possible outcome, but I can't help it. Last winter I had some of the worst months of my life, that ended with me almost losing my partner. Does anyone have any tips for letting go, and moving forward with a positive outlook and attitude? I really want to experience the season without anxiety and fear.  TLDR: My DX partner and I had a really tough winter last year, it held a lot of anxiety and sadness for me. Now it's winter again and I want to have a positive attitude but I keep finding myself(and my anxiety) fixated on the negative things that happened last year, worrying that they'll happen again. How can I move on from that and have a positive attitude moving forward?
176ec9aa2903324d6836ca3a0fe49cd3b69cd3cd78988b2ed2b32f260a0dd6c9;;;He is adorable.;;;I ask my partner (DX) about his day and he is showing me photos that he took. As we’re scrolling through his phone, I see this photo of a beautiful purple flower and I ask him about it.  Apparently, he just randomly felt like going for a walk in the morning (he never wants to go for a walk...) when he sees this flower and picked it for me. (This was early in the morning, btw, when we would not have seen each other for another 10 hours.) He then tells me that after he picked it, he got tired of holding it and wanted to climb a tree instead. So, he nestled the flower among some leaves and because it looked so pretty, he took a photo of it.  Then he proceeds to show me photos of the tree he climbed like he did not just completely melt my heart in every single way.  ADHD can be a pain in the ass, especially when it comes to day-to-day stuff, but sometimes, I really really cherish it too. Everything about this story exemplifies why I love him so much and if he did not have ADHD, I very much doubt his morning adventure would ever have happened.  Anyone else have similar stories of ADHD love to share?
17a0cbf2a05265e449be079068d2e3073b6ff98c4f97d1e9f820a224ed09386a;;;Doctors and Dentist Appointments;;;Does anyone have any tips on helping your ADHD partner set doctor and dentist appointments and then actually go? I've been with my partner almost 5 years and during that time he has never been to the dentist.  His teeth, which are naturally very nice, are starting to yellow and his gums are starting to bleed.  He is also getting swollen lymph nodes in his neck, which I suspect are from an oral infection somewhere because his teeth desperately need to be cleaned (not to mention any other issues that might be present).   All this to say, I'm worried for his health and also getting pretty grossed out.  We've been having this conversation since last February when I first did the math and realized he had never mentioned a dentist appointment during our entire relationship.  I've tried to explain to him that oral hygiene is important, that he's creating a mess for his future self, that I really don't want to be with someone who is eventually going to lose their teeth and how expensive dental work is if left untreated.  I've offered to call and make the appointment for him.  I've made deals (I'll go the gym - he's very big on the gym and admittedly I'm not so it's important to him, if he goes to the dentist.  And I've upheld my end of the bargain, because he's right. I should make going to the gym a priority for my health).    The last conversation we had he got really defensive and angry with me, saying "\*You're\* not going to make my dentist appointment for me and you need to let this go."  But reddit, I kind of can't.  This is important.  And I know it's an ADHD thing (because this isn't normal), I just can't figure out which roadblock to help him remove.  I thought it was whole calling and making an appointment but that seemed to make him feel shitty when I was going to do it.  I just want to help and have a partner with teeth.  Any ideas?
5f6e08ad614609b58c34badfeaa550836f57761ce9a3f8905b8713ef6638445e;;;When your partner copes with ADHD by controlling everything--looking for resources;;; My husband was diagnosed in childhood, but after a terrible experience with meds in middle school has remained untreated. I've been trying to really read up on ADHD so I can better understand him and some of the challenges we are facing.  I stumbled across this article that describes him really well:  [https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-marriage-advice-husband-symptoms/](https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-marriage-advice-husband-symptoms/)  He tries to control his ADHD by staying very strictly organized, and by being extremely strict in how he spends money. Unfortunately... sometimes that results in him trying to control me, too, and that's something I really struggle with.   So far I haven't come across any other sources that really go into detail about this aspect of ADHD. Does anyone know of any? I think it would really help me if I could find more.
4820298046d90fb08caec850a7605d201dba3d36fbba6fad1693c5199db247d0;;;Screen to screen...couch to chair to bed...my hubby acts like a depressed person but he says he’s not and honestly he may be right.;;;My husband is just as happy as a clam being home all the time.  Yes he plays with our child and engages with them, yes he’ll do home projects, yes he’ll cook and watch movies, yes he’ll take care of his job stuff but when it comes to free time...gaming, iPad, phone, tv and sometimes all at the same time.  He doesn’t suggest going out.  When I suggest an activity outside of the home he winces.  Sometimes we can even get into heated arguments about this.  For a while now I will just grab our kid and go out without him rather than miss events and be mad or resentful.  I can honor what he likes to do and sometimes he’ll join but what gives?    Do any of you experience this?  He doesn’t talk (deep emotional talks) or complain much but I know he sleeps poorly so maybe energy has something to do with it.  He has also mentioned that he may have a touch of ptsd from his time in the service.    I just want to be like honey, life is good I’m happy our kid is happy let’s go out and see so in so or go to  ___ but he’s just not enthused.  It doesn’t help that we live in an area where there’s always fun stuff to do.  He’s just cool being home.
8bae50e0875425dc5030a3bc5d3dff82a8c3ceb1d5eb54eaaf9151612d7fd299;;;He's getting angrier and needier the longer we're together.;;;Me and my boyfriend (30M) have been together for 3 years. When we first got together, before I knew about his diagnosis and all that comes with it, I was completely smitten. We were obsessed with eachother and fell madly in love. He was excited about life and me and our future. Moved in together and we've been living together for a little over 2 years.  Needless to say things have taken a turn for the worse. He hates his job so he's always grumpy. He stays up late playing video games at night so he's always tired. His medication makes him nauseous so he frequently goes all day without eating. I don't start work until a couple hours after him so I stay in bed and he's becoming super resentful of me in the morning. Sometimes I get sass about it which is a pretty shitty way to start the day. Up until last week i would get up and iron his work clothes for him. I'm currently working a full time job, a part time job, I'm taking 2 online classes (I'll be starting full time school in the fall), I cook all of our meals, I usually clean up after those meals, as well as most of the laundry and a good chunk of the house cleaning. So while I am trying to be sympathetic to the level of stress his job brings, I'm wearing myself out. Which is why I asked for him to iron his own work clothes from now on. It takes 5 minutes. It's not hard to do and I get to stay in bed for another 45 minites. It's now been a full week that he's been pouting and throwing in my face that I'm "pulling away from him" because of this. "Why don't you sleep in the other room to make sure I don't wake you up." He has moments of clarity from time to time where he realises that it's not a ridiculous request and he should take on some responsibility for himself and his appearance as a 30 year old professional. But then sometimes when he gets in his moods he doesn't want to be around me. I am the most scornful bitch to ever exist because I won't do his chores for him while he does nothing in particular.  He doesn't look at me lovingly anymore. At most I'll get a fake smile and some crude comment about my boobs. I've suggested therapy because in my unprofessional opinion, he seems to be depressed. He sets goals for himself and then promptly decides he doesn't care anymore and makes no attempt to follow through. When I suggested therapy he laughs in my face, so he's probably not going to be on board for trying that anytime soon. He's a great man in many ways. But those moments are getting fewer and farther between the longer we're together. I'm not sure if this is a rant or if I want advice but I need to feel like things might get better. Thanks for listening.
7bf695d4cb6c08f61bbe5c2ae4bf2ed78743c49cf9fdcbf9be1e80ec7c65ef86;;;Boyfriend (24m) won't have sex because he's stressed;;;TL;DR: Boyfriend has ADHD and gets incredibly stressed out and our sex life is suffering because of that.   Hi guys. Throwaway account. My (24f) boyfriend (24m) and I are in grad school so life in general is pretty stressful. We met in grad school and have been dating for seven months. We love each other and are generally happy together. However in the past few months, we haven't been having sex as often and he says it's because he was stressed about his defense and I understand that.  However he got done with that and when I tried initiating last night he turned me down and said he still has a lot on his mind and he can't be in the moment. I just feel really rejected and unwanted. He is still just as affectionate to me in other ways though.  Is this common for people with ADHD...? Have you guys had similar situations where you're so overwhelmed that it affects your sex life? Any advice and insight would be helpful since I literally have no one I could talk to about this.
52e0a100c98b16b3449f00e5fadc97c89fc9b00217d249bbb9710ad3f473b7aa;;;Adhd and trauma VS Relationships;;;I'm cross-posting here and r/adhdwomen cause I want several perspectives. I also want to start off with letting you know that I'm a partner with ADHD. Hope it's alright that I post here despite that, apologies if not.    I'd (F26) like to get a lil productive with you guys for a moment and ask for (every) advice (in the world if possible).   Since getting diagnosed last year I've basically been going through the 5 stages of grief. I'm at a point where I've come to terms with everything and I'm accepting the situation as it has become. I've realized that most of my (objectively imo) bad behaviors that make me hard to be around are mainly trauma-related reactions that I can, want and also need to work with. Some examples being:  -being extremely sensitive to critique -needing to always be in control -getting defensive when questioned -shutting down when facing small hardships  These are of course accentuated by my adhd but not inherently a part of it. Realizing this has been a major stepping stone on the path to becoming who I truly want to be, and I'm proud to say I've already come a long way.  I went to therapy for a while but can't do that atm. I practice what some might call mentalization, and try to do that as often as can. The meds help a lot in that sense, as they give me the ability to think hold a thought for more than a minute lol. I also try to do cognitive behavioral therapy with myself as best I can. Me and my partner (F26) talk a lot about my toxic behaviors and I work a lot on trying to understand how my behaviour can hurt others. I try to work through and understand the source of my trauma so that I can end the cycle of shame-based trauma and the reactions that follow.   Thing is, my wonderful partner of two years is at her wits end. She sees me and my progress, and she often expresses how proud she is of me, but she's human and understandably has times when she's losing her patience. I've not been a good partner for her at times, I can't take all that back, but having her in my life gives me an extra kick to do something about my behaviours so that I can be a better partner for her. I want this for myself, but I'd prefer to have it ASAP for her sake.   We have lists for stuff I need to work on (also getting a bullet journal today). We talk it out after every incident. If one strategy fails, we try another one instead. Tbh I'm convinced I couldn't have had a better partner for this, she holds me accountable for my actions while at the same time shows understanding for my trauma. But I Need To Make It Happen Faster. I love her, and I can't lose her. I especially refuse to lose her because I'm making her go crazy from all my shit. I'm not giving those who caused me all this pain the pleasure of seeing me lose what feels like the love of my life.   I'm desperate for all your advice as partners of ADHD'ers. Every single thing you've felt has worked for you as a SO or as a SO with ADHD. What strategies do you felt worked? Have you achieved happiness in your relationship personally? Did you give up/settle with less? Any books, articles, strategies etc.? Do you know of any support groups online for either party (or maybe combined?) that actually works on issues rather than just complaining about them? I wanna hear every advice, suggestion and personal story of success and failure 😭  I'm probably eventually sending this post to my girlfriend at some point, so if there's anything specific you want to ask or want her to know please do tell. I'm sure she'd love some words of both advice and encouragement as much as I'd do.  Thank you so much in advance. If any of you have any questions or want me to elaborate more on some of our strategies that has actually worked, please let me know and I'll make an effort to get back to you as fast I can.
897c0cdc57d3a9d0316770ba038970490ff5952b28ff169e1d0c3741ecbf0810;;;Just ranting. I feel defeated.;;;Partner and I are engaged. We had yet another arguement. I wouldnt say I'm having second thoughts but there are some things that worry me. I keep imagining becoming one of those divorce statistics.  My partner has tells me if I ever try to leave, he will stalk me until he gets thrown in jail or committ suicide. We had a bad fight once. He was crying plotting his suicide, I felt terrible. Something about this has always sat very wrong with me regardless of an argument or not.  He's overly obsessed and emotionally depended on me. I dont think its healthy. He tugs on me and sometimes I get hurt even though I dont believe he realizes hes that aggressive. He refuses to be denied a kiss or cuddle because he relys on it. He will pout until he gets what he wants. If I try to draw boundaries because I want my space or dont want to be tugged on or crushed it starts an argument over his need for physical affection.   He doesn't try to grow or work on himself. Theres no effort present on really anything. He takes his medication but spends the majority of time on his phone reading or gaming. I feel bad but I almost end up taking care of him like a parent I feel like I'm enabling him.   He shuts down and won't talk to me when I try to push him to be better, productive and not sulk. I feel like I'm the bad person. I almost feel like ever since he was diagnosed it's become the thing he falls back on for reasoning.
ac689b94a6cc8af6b44079bf95adc16cabaac97decbac13a499147da0fdc9637;;;Im a 35 ADHD man who lies to his girlfriend.;;;Hi everyone, thank you for taking the time to read this.  My girlfriend and I have finally came to the conclusion that she is not happy.  I’ve lied to her through the course of our 5 year relationships.   I have always lied. These aren’t “I have a secret family” or “im actually a drug kingpin”. These are little lies. For example:  Her: “ have you eaten any of the food from the pantry”?  Me: “yeah, defiantly.”   Total lie. I knew it, she knew it. Talking with her today I used that as an example.  To talk about my own faults. I explained to her how I’ve been trying to stop myself from lying.    I broker her trust by hiding a bad porn habit. The habit developed when I avoided talking to her about my sexual fetishes or things I’d like to try. I chickened out. And over the years our sex life has dwindled to nothing.   She thinks I’m asexual. At first I wouldn’t hear of it. But now I’m doing research on it. She likes to have sex a lot.  And this isn’t fair to her. So while we are stuck cohabitating I’m going to try to do all the work I can for myself. To learn more about why I lie and what my sexual identity actually is.   I grew up with very unhappy parents who were “staying together for the kids?” I’m sure some of you have heard that before. I am 35 and my gf is 36.   I want to have sex with her, I want to not watch porn, I don’t believe it is an addiction because I find it boring.  I find myself watching and looking at it because I’ve looked at all my other media sites I’ve looked at. I rarely even Masterbate to it anymore.   I learned lying from my parents (Not an excuse). I’m scared to talk about my sexual issues because I don’t know how!  I feel like I should just know and perform well.  I understand logically It a learned skill. But try telling that to my 90’s subconscious.   So my question Is has anyone who has ADHD or is in a relationship with an ADHD person had any issues with lying.  If so, how have you felt with it? And tricks or tips to catching myself before I lie?  Thank you for reading my short story and any advice would be appreciated.   Please believe I know that all lying is wrong in general.
d6330c8d952c6f6bca5b9a6d3fc11d757477231add4439825eed2f1844b7a636;;;Committing to partner with ADHD;;;So my partner (nb/22) has been diagnosed with ADHD for about a year now. They were taking Adderal, but because it was so hard on their nervous system, they stopped taking it. Currently they are unmedicated, but I have been encouraging them to get a prescription for Vyvanse for months now. We have been together for 2 years, and talked about marrying really early on in the relationship. Now, my partner will ask "When are you going to propose?", and I always respond that I don't have enough money for a ring yet, which is the truth. But another truth I haven't yet discussed is that I won't feel comfortable being engaged until I see a marked improvement/effort in certain areas of our life which are very affected by their ADHD.   The most important of these is the fact that I can't trust them to do what they promise they will do, and always end up just having to do it myself. When I bring this up to them, they say "I'm sorry I suck so much," and "Are you mad at me?" Then, instead of actually addressing my feelings, I am put in the position of having to comfort them and convince them that they don't suck, because they don't, they just struggle with executive dysfunction. Both of these responses divert the conversation from my feelings and don't actually make me feel heard at all. I am getting tired of having the same conversation over and over, which I have expressed to them.   The second is that I have had to nag them for literal months before they finally do things that improve their life/health, whether that be signing up for therapy, calling their doctor to change their ADHD meds, or going on SSRIs. All of these things would probably never have been done, or been done over the course of many years, if not for my constantly asking them to do it. I have been reminding and pleading with them to call their doctor to ask for a Vyvanse script for months now, but now that they have, they found out Vyvanse isn't covered by their insurance. I'm afraid it will take them another 3 months to call their doctor again to ask for a prior authorization, and get the Vyvanse insured. How can I believe that we can have a good, healthy life together if I am the only one advocating for them to do the things they need to do to maintain their mental health and keep their ADHD symptoms under control?   &amp;#x200B;  I haven't brought up that I feel uncomfortable proposing to them until they get a handle on certain things because I don't want to make them feel as if their ADHD makes them unlovable or unmarriable. They also just graduated from college and are transitioning into post-grad life, and I have felt like having this conversation with them might be premature, or kicking them when they're down, so to speak. But we want to be engaged in the next year, and I want to give them enough time to make the necessary changes to their life. I want to marry them, and I believe they are the love of my life. I just want our engagement to be happy and good, and I want to feel as if I am committing myself to an equal partner. I don't mind having to do more work around the house, and reminding them about things, and taking care of the more critical aspects of our lives. But I just want to feel as if we have equal stakes in this, and that they want to improve their mental health and their lifestyle as much as I do. I want to feel like we will have a good life together, and that we are both fighting equally to make that happen.   I guess I'm both looking for solidarity/other people's experiences with committing to their partners who are struggling with symptoms of ADHD, and for any advice on how to approach/word this conversation. I don't want to make them feel guilty, but I do want to impress upon them that this is very important to me, and that these decisions don't just affect them, they very powerfully affect me, too.   &amp;#x200B;  Also, this is my first post on here!! Y'all's posts have helped me so much in the past--any advice you can give would be much appreciated. &lt;3
955b350da00d0699b12c5212b2ef1ace4b11777f8cdf1a78f1db8cc740c77a1e;;;I’m having a hard time getting my boyfriend to agree to a “one date night a week” structure. How do you make sure you prioritise your relationship on a regular basis?;;;He doesn’t like systems, rules, lists etc. So when I suggested that we have a date night once a week, to make sure we prioritise our relationship on a regular basis, he’s said that he didn’t think it’s the best approach. He doesn’t want ‘enjoying time together’ to feel like a chore.  I, on the other hand, love structure and routines. I thrive on it. When I’m living a life with my priorities straight, I know I’m living a good life.  We had a talk about this just now, and he agreed that we could try it out every other week to start with, and if that works out, we can slowly increase it to every week.   We both have very busy lives, and I suffer from a mental illness too (cyclothymia), so this is my best guess on how to enjoy quality time together on a regular basis. I just really want to make sure we keep prioritising each other no matter how busy or overwhelming life gets.  I guess I just want to know if there another approach you have tried out with your partner that may work better than mine?
db97290ceb440a5647d84518aa2921f189497df77b4ec5e9637bad1a9d5e5674;;;ADHD-having spouse's random obsessions are driving me nuts;;;Spouse is 35/m, diagnosed, medicated.  I love him, he's great like, 90% of the time about most things, but when he gets on a tear about a project or topic, it's relentless. He thanks me for listening to him go on and he knows most of the stuff he's into doesn't really grab me, but we don't have a lot of friends and he doesn't have anyone else to indulge him. Sometimes when he starts on a topic or project, he'll start talking about it to me and won't stop for many, many minutes in a row. I want to be supportive and loving to him but as soon as I see him start gathering materials for another adventure, part of me just dreads it because I know it will be all I will hear about for the next several weeks.  Meanwhile, the dishes sit undone in the sink and the lawn needs to be mowed, but he's completely focused on his project and I have to fight being the nag that pulls him away from it to tend to the house. It can be really, really exhausting.
3230076dbc1ce64b03aa21c978251971c87d6a8697a339f62b043f926f0053cc;;;For those who have tried scheduled meetings or discussions, did it make a big difference?;;;My husband (DX, medicated) and I have talked about having weekly sit downs where we talk about things we need to work on. He has to be in the right frame of mind when I want to bring up an issue, otherwise his defense mechanisms will kick into overdrive and it's not pleasant for either of us. My own ADHD (which is much milder) does not help with keeping these discussions up. We might do it for a few weeks then stop. We talk about issues and possible solutions. It feels very productive in the moment, but similarly, things may change temporarily then just revert.  I read a lot of advice that suggests to have these scheduled meetings, it just hasn't seemed to be very effective for us. Obviously we would first of all actually continue to have the meetings for them to work, but does anyone have any other tips on how we may approach it differently? I'd like to hear about other couples' experience with scheduled meetings, positive or negative!
21a1b253b8a3d70c607190201fd4f74118b20731e3e93ebdc89b2747c4fa5812;;;My partner (diagnosed untreated) wants to throw it all away;;;New poster here (f 21) have found great solitude here since my partner (m 21) was diagnosed back in February and need to hear others take on our situation and vent a little. We have been together for 3 years and have been happy, we both struggle with mental health issues him depression and me anxiety but have always been able to talk to each other and maintain good open communication. Since his diagnosis I have felt like the emotional labour of our relationship is very much down to me I will explain his mood swings or irritability to friends or ignore my own emotions in order to help him . I can’t remember the last time he asked me how I felt or how my mental state was fairing I love him with all of my heart and would do anything to ease his struggle but it was all getting too much and friends were noticing my emotional exhaustion. I had and outburst about 2 months back and told him he needed to seek professional help ( which we had discussed before ) I could only do so much to help him and said that if he couldn’t take these steps I could no longer be in a relationship with him. He said he wanted to get help and did not want to loose me and would try for both of our sakes. The last two months have been great happy and relaxed  we have been planning the future, holidays and outings we wanted to go on ( which has always been hard for him) and I thought we were entering a good place and things were getting healthier until he broke up with me out of the blue on Monday. He says he cannot handle the pressure of a relationship and seeking help at the same time and does not want to hurt me anymore and I was in shock we said our painful tearful goodbyes and I was left confused and heartbroken not knowing what was happening in my life. After a day or two I realised there was so much that I needed to say to him which I had been too overwhelmed to even think about when we split, I met him today and it felt incredible to see each other again it was like I could finally breathe again. I told him how I felt about the situation and that I can’t just give up on us, I have to at least try to work through it. we spoke a lot about what we could do to make it work and about me taking a step back and letting him get back on track but not giving up on us. He seemed receptive and admitted that he hadn’t really thought about this option and we agreed to think it over and he will get back to me once he makes a decision. I feel like I’m on the edge of a knife waiting to see if he loves me enough to work on us. We have come so far and helped each other so much that I think it’s a waste to throw it all away without even trying. I would love to know if any of you have encountered similar situations in your relationships and how you got through it? Any way even getting it out makes me feel so much better. Thanks
0fdb2df547bf6d066d376ec3bdb127dd803998f9d5c4e250c1d69e56100595dc;;;Im losing my mind. I love my adhd-partner so much, and I cannot make it work;;;I dont know what to do anymore. He is trying sometimes, to be present with me, ask me how my day was, remember to reach out first. And I really appreciate it when it happens. But it comes and goes like tide waves.   I get upset when he pulls away and because of is RSD, he thinks the whole world is coming to an end. He keeps saying that he cant do anything right. Which is not true. I cant talk to him about the issue because we never get to talk about it, because he shuts off or gets angry and discards me for days.   I get upset when he forgets me, and it really breaks my heart. My love language is being present, and he thinks Im a nag for it. Im so upset by being told Im a nag, Im hysterical, Im bitchy. Im tired of being a job he needs to check off his list. I think somebody else would appreciate that I want to be close to them. With him he tells me Im crazy for it.   &amp;#x200B;  He says he will never change. I told him he cant always just run away, and he said yes he can, and then he hung up on me again. He has already grown so much when we have been together. He got into therapy and adhd treatment. He started to open up and became aware of how he lies about everything. But I dont know if he is faking it, because once in awhile this other person comes out, and he reminds me of my father who was a narcissist abuser.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
8f56675e0b78ab1492333cf8dbd50f42d360b8e9a8826769bc2f9a7d10046c5f;;;How do I let go and let them learn from failures but avoid being an enabler ?;;;Hi all, hope everyone is doing best they can in this pandemic.   This is not an ADHD specific issue on a whole I recognize but I (M, in my 20s) realized my partner( NDX in her twenties) have the tendency to like many others DX or NDX hop into hobbies and make impulsive decisions (and at times (quite often actually) in my opinion, financially unwise purchases) and as of late, even grand business ideas that has little basis for success in reality.  Now the natural thing to do would be to advise them away from it but whilst our communications have come leaps and bounds from months ago, every time these topics come up she tends to be very avoidant and I can see why because despite my best effort to word it in the best way I can, I am essentially pointing out how her hyper fixations on her hobbies/potential business ideas is wrong.  Now we are not financially linked so as much as I’d love to get her to see my side on this, I think at the moment it’s a lost cause so I will tackle other issues instead of pressing on this if she’s not receptive. She can learn from failure or her regrets later, she’s an adult as much as I am.  That being said, I obviously don’t support it 100% and that shows but I’m trying to work on that. Furthermore, I feel like unless I show 100% support she has lately been shying away from sharing her interests.   Have anyone found a good balance between letting go and showing adequate support so they don’t feel ‘rejected’ but also not be an enabler/coddler as I feel just supporting without also bringing in awareness is also supporting their financial irresponsibilities ? Any advice would be much appreciated. TIA
8fee166da41def03cd85f055c558b1610bbffc551f6e248adc6ecbb4f01be366;;;Does anyone else run into this?;;;Sorry for the long post but I'm waiting out a spiral from my partner and it helps to get this all down.  My ADHD partner is extremely intelligent, loving and kind. More so than anyone else I've ever met. She is most times understanding and has definitely helped me become a better person over the years. I love her more than anything.   However it's like there is a Jekyll and Hyde complex. Whenever she spirals, this normally soft spoken and kind person becomes extremely angry with me and doesn't cool down until several hours or sometimes days have passed. As many memory problems as she or any ADHD person may have, all of a sudden she can remember every wrong thing I've done or said both real and imagined in the past 7 years with crystal clarity. It can make my thoughts during arguments extremely difficult to put together when she brings something like that up and I'm suddenly overwhelmed by a rush of shame or guilt.   It's created this complex in me where I feel like I can't be human or do anything wrong. Every mistake I make will come back to bite me. Every misspoken word will take root in the back of her mind even if she's not aware of it. I don't see this as her fault. She was gaslighted often and maliciously by her family for the first half of her life so maybe it's a practiced defense mechanism so she could hold her own during arguments with them but it's translated very badly into our relationship.   There are going to be times I mess up. Today I made a thoughtless off hand comment about her appearance that would have upset someone even without ADHD. That was on me and I can't apologize enough to her for it. The problem is that whatever causes her to spiral whether big or small, if the spiral is bad enough she questions whether our relationship is worth it and this was definitely a big enough fuck up to make her spiral. Sometimes it's in the form of her telling me I should find someone better, sometimes it's her thinking we just aren't good for each other. Often when she's in a better head space I'll ask her if that's how she really feels and she always responds that she was overreacting with negative emotions. She only ever talks that way when spiraling abut no matter how many times we've weathered the storm I still get scared that one day that negative emotion of our relationship will stick even when she calms down.   How does everyone else cope when their partner is in the middle of a spiral? Especially if it's a spiral caused by you?   TLDR; Normally kind and loving partner has bad emotional spirals and lashes out in a Jekyll and Hyde transformation that also causes her to question our relationship.
5048db487392f444216ca60e6b5cd361fdc707abab8a95bddb6efb810b3f2a4b;;;Medication regulation and adjustments;;;Does anyone else experience that medication only works for a few years before needing to be re-evaluated? I feel like I am going crazy. We’ve had a solid and relatively easy few years, but I swear, when we hit three year mark since his last med adjustment  things start slowly falling apart and getting him to realize it’s no longer effective feels impossible. I am banging my head against the wall trying to get him to realize he’s majorly regressing because he is still able to hold it all together at work and feels like I am nagging him when I bring it up.  I am not by any stretch of the imagination nagging, but if I say nothing,  he won’t initiate on his own and if I bring it up more than once every few weeks as a reminder he feels attacked.  I’m tired of waiting for him to prioritize this. I even went so far as to pull a list of providers near work that take our insurance well over 6 months ago. He called one place and was told they are not taking adult patients at the moment and has done nothing with the remaining 6 on the list.
ec352f5ba99202f8defb2f6a2ff6ef473d3a19592886b8d898856cd5b5d98d72;;;No help when sick, no communication at all;;;( I was the one who pushed for him to go see someone as I have a brother with adhd so I kinda know the signs and I also have a psychology degree. He is medicated.)   I am losing patience, My (21f) diagnosed adhd boyfriend (26) of 3 years does literally nothing around the house at all. whenever I communicate this to him he gets extremely defensive and brings up the one time he washed up 2 weeks ago.  This is all made worse by the fact I’m extremely sick (Crohn’s disease) I’ve had 5 surgeries this year the last one November the 2nd and he still doesn’t help. Once, whilst I was in hospital he was out with his friends and sold his car when I needed daily nursing appointments for dressings, I had to move in with my parents because he did nothing and I was so sick. I take at home injections and other immunosuppressives that make me feel literally terrible and he still doesn’t help clean, he uses every room like a dressing room so his clothes are everywhere.   I cook, I clean I do the washing and I work all day, he isn’t working at the moment because he had two many lates at work and was made redundant. It’s been a week and he hasn’t looked around or called anyone, if I bring this up I have my face eaten off. All he does all day 15 hours + is play video games, with his friends, he can barely string a sentence to me but talks to his friends 15 hours a day. I can’t talk to him about money, work anything without a defensive response. The majority of the time But get ignored. When he talks to me he talks over me and I don’t get to speak at all.   I don’t think I can do this anymore.
c48bbc679e54bc61d8ff3f3e8cc31a63fc2a63026b638fb1899862aa9d10ab1e;;;Dealing with harsh/mean comments or actions when ADHD partner is in a mood;;;Hi all, this community (even if I don't write posts) makes me feel so much better whenever I am not having a great day. I just wanted to ask others how they handle their own mental health when it comes to an ADHD partner? Mine is 38M and not on medication (but diagnosed and awaiting medication) and while he's been so much better lately (like, made vast improvements with his management of ADHD and the amount of arguments he starts) I still find myself struggling mentally (though I think I'm very strong/resilient, but everyone has their limits!). I struggle sometimes to know if his behaviour is asshole behaviour or ADHD - **how do you guys tell!**? I have firm boundaries now and tell him when I'm feeling upset by his behaviour (mainly telling me to stop talking to him or not touch him or leave him alone) but I most struggle when he's in his ADHD 'mode'. I feel lost and upset and take things he says to heart. He left the house today for the entire day while I was on a phone call and didn't say goodbye or love you or anything which is really unlike him. I was upset because it wasn't very nice, he simply could've come in and given me a kiss quickly, but he was in his ADHD mode so he didn't care that I was upset. Of course I take this very harshly and get really worked up. I wonder if anyone here has any tactics they could share on how to take it less harshly, and wait out their mood and talk to them later about their behaviour? It can take hours as you all know!!  I just can't seem to cut off the hurt feelings when he says something or does something in a mood, like just laugh it off or distract myself. I think I sometimes poke him when he's in a mood just so he can over it faster, I hate a simmering bad mood, especially in such close quarters with COVID. The tension is awful! That said I'd rather a shitty mood than it being taken out on me.  Any help would be great! Thanks so much.
f7be81dc1d59ebdc69603c1ec3a21c9f7a842b814639e682d1fb719c1d53c919;;;I can’t handle my adhd partner without his meds;;;I can’t handle my ADHD partner without his meds  He just started his medication and it’s been a great couple days of no arguments, I actually feel at ease and not walking on egg shells, there is a sense of relief. I see the man that I enjoy being with like in the beginning. How much we have in common. For the past couple months it’s been argument everyday, emotionally abusive. Me screaming in desperation for some sort of validation or understanding and him shutting down and just leaving me cause he can’t handle it.   He has the come downs at night from the meds  and I understand he gets irritable then.. so I just try to be mindful of it. But today already he said he’s gonna stop taking it to practice not depending on the meds, and how he’s more aware cause the meds make him think more before he says something and that he is gonna try to do it without medication, since he has a better grasp of how his brain stopped him from picking fights or causing some scene. I started feeling Anxious again cause I already can tell his body language isn’t relaxed.  He did something that morning to make me a bit upset and I decided to just tell him how it did and why, and he couldn’t handle it, he became defensive again. My needs of course ignored and it’s all about him and how he feels offended now. Tried talking to him again later and he is dismissive, our plans that day he isn’t going to come and do it with me because he just “doesn’t want to go” no other reason even though he kept saying let’s go out, it’s nice day, get some fresh air. So now that I try to push my anger aside he doesn’t want to do anything.   Honestly I don’t want to be like take your medication. Cause you’re easier to talk that way... it’s just idk anymore. How would you guys handle these situations?
8ac7132f6cfd873d647cb30ffc0480fa5492e8388601880cfa0a609a791d2fd1;;;The end of the struggle;;;I’ve been the partner of an undiagnosed/unmedicated ADHD man for 12 years. Our marriage was riddled with symptoms of ADHD in a relationship: parent/child dynamic, resentment on my part, addiction/denial/deflection/blame shifting/RSD on his part.   After researching our issues and realizing that we ticked 10/10 boxes, I started working on my response to the symptoms of ADHD in a relationship. I tried every way I could imagine to get through to him. We got a counselor. I ate a bunch of shit for a very long time in a desperate attempt to make it work.  Fast forward to 1.5 months ago when I find out that he’s been having an affair. He wants to end our marriage for an online affair with a childhood friend (she’s married) and proceeds to discard me. He immediately begins a full on relationship with this woman. True to form, he does everything he wants without any consideration for the consequences of his behavior.  Now, he’s made every boneheaded decision he could possibly have made. I’m no longer cleaning up behind him, and he’s strung himself up in a fault state. He’s in a hole and digging deeper.   My friends have commented on how freakishly calm I’ve been and how it’s scary how well I’m handling this. In truth, it’s like the boot that’s been on my head has been lifted and I’m finally able to come up for air. Having the end of this relationship forced upon me has been the single best thing to have happened to me in years.   All this to say: sometimes a failed relationship isn’t actually a failure. I gave everything I could, and the relief I feel now is like a reward. I feel lighter than air, and I can feel my happiness returning as the resentment melts away. If you’re with someone who refuses to acknowledge the effect ADHD is having on your relationship, know that to end it doesn’t mean the end of you.  I am happy, and now I feel like I can leave this subreddit. Thank you to all of you who have shared your experiences. May the direction you choose be the one that leads to your happiness.
927fd906b4c59d22dd28f792f9c6db8244b797e5e90affbd621b3b69c6609661;;;I feel like my soul is dying due to my husband. (flirt / cheating);;; My husband said he was okay to go to a day trip with one girl. She is a single and a neighbor.  The story is :  She asked us to go to a day trip but I was not able to make it. And then my husband said he wanted to go. Also, he was okay to go with only her.  But it looks like she didn't want to go with only him.(1:1). And then, he kept saying ' Does that mean she didn't want to go with me? '  I told him why he wanted to go to a day trip with only her. It is weird. He said he was a grown up man. She is a grown up person. So there is no restriction for them. That is why he wants to go to a day trip with only her.  I don't know why he really cares her. I feel like he didn't respect me even though I am his wife.  And also he ( over 80%) asked me to text her to hang out whenever we hang out. One day, he made food for her since he saw her on his way home and she looked sad. He wanted to invited only her to our brunch. After we helped her to move some furniture(over 3hours), he wanted to check her if she was okay. (It was at night)   I talked to him last night, why did you really care her? Why did you care if she wanted to go to a day trip with only you or not. He said I didn't understand the whole content and he just wanted to go to a day trip.   I assume that it was (at least) trying to casual interactions.(For me, it is cheating)  He sometimes gaslighted me like I am negative/ sensitive/ racist/ too conservative. I don't know if this is a symptom of ADHD or just his nature.   &amp;#x200B;  We are going to see a therapist but he is very eloquent. I am very skeptical very skeptical about this relationship so my soul is dying.
f3d1416f6aeb496834c64ad42b6a5b9530cacd5dbbef89f6d10f46bf9e1548d4;;;My SO is stuck on a negative comment I said when hurt in August. Any advice for how to help move last this blocker?;;;First post here, and via mobile so please forgive any formatting errors.    Background: My DX SO and I have been dating a little over a year. On our first date, he told me he has ADHD. I told him that's not a deal breaker for me; I come with my own anxiety/depression issues. Unfortunately, when we started dating, I'd say my knowledge of ADHD was very light, and certainly not always the right understanding.    He has a young child, in elementary school and I have a child who is a young adult. We live about 40 minutes from each other in a metropolitan area. He has a sometimes-contentious relationship with his child's mother. My child's father is a non-issue mostly due to my kid's age.    In the summer, his child experienced a particularly intense nightmare. His child decided they didn't want to continue coming over on the weekends (SO has child every weekend, split holidays). The mom did not push the child to move through it and therefore my SO lost out on several weekends in a row. This caused a lot of stress and sadness for him. Eventually, his child stayed over again but only on the condition that they sleep on the pull out couch in the living room with my SO. Sort of like camping, and fun for a couple nights right?    This went on for another month and a half. Basically this stopped me from sleeping over at his place on the weekends because he was downstairs with his kid. That along with some regular life stressors (busy work, reduced time together) started getting to me and I took it as a personal slight that he didn't WANT to spend time with me. I got frustrated that he wouldn't put his foot down and just make his kid sleep in their room.    During a call one Sunday, I asked if he could possibly bring his kid back to the mother's house an hour or two early so we could have an evening for our anniversary. He didn't feel comfortable doing that because the mom has been known to hold things like that and throw them back in his face later. Instead of understanding this and putting myself in his shoes, I blurted out that I didn't want to be in a relationship where I was always 2nd choice. As you can imagine, the conversation soured quickly after and we hung up.    It's six months later, we are still together but it has been strained. We ended up taking a time break and didn't see much or talk much in September. During this time, I started reading up on ADHD to try and better understand the issues m SO deals with daily. I started asking him questions about it. I'm reading books and blogs and joined subreddits. I know I can't know EXACTLY how he feels but I have learned a lot of ways to be a better, more supportive partner.    Over the months, he stopped the daily Good Morning texts, stopped saying he loves me, stopped calling me pet names, and in general reaching out first. This has caused my anxiety to flare up to almost uncontrollable levels. I started seeing a therapist to work on my issues. I want more than anything to be with this man for many, many years. He will tell me he likes me. He will say "of course I do!" when I ask him if he wants to date me. We have our inside jokes and connections.    Last week, he finally shared that the comment I'd made in August about being a second choice stuck in his memory. He's tried to move past it but can't. I think it's preventing him from fully processing a challenging time and fully returning to our relationship. I can see why - it was not a fair thing to say, it was hurtful and I'm sure made him feel like a disappointment when he was amazing at loving me. I would give anything to go back to that conversation and handle it with the knowledge I now have on how to support a partner dealing with ADHD. But I can't.    I do plan to have a talk with him about this roadblock. And about our relationship overall. I feel like he still loves me but I hurt him so he's set up a partition.    Does anyone out there have experience with a similar situation and have any advice?
58df7ddc093d97e52d424ba3dfb6e4306fa916689ffd058d8c5c9b662b64b674;;;ADHD and Empathy;;;I was wondering if there was a link between the two, if lack of empathy or difficulty putting yourself in another’s shoes is a symptom of ADHD. I fully recognize that it’s likely just another quirk of my husbands but I have long wondered how many of my husbands separate issues are due to his ADHD. (Like his lack of brain to mouth filter and financial irresponsibilities).  To be clear, he does understand that other people have feelings and all that. He’s not a psychopath. He just can’t seem to understand why people feel things when it is not something that he himself feels.   The best example i have is a couple years ago a tree fell onto my dads boat which was being stored for the winter. We got a video from my mom showing the damage and you could hear my dad yelling and swearing in the background. My husband turned to me and asked why my dad was so angry. I admit I thought he was joking.  Me: “A tree just broke his boat, of course he’s angry”  Husband “But it’s just a tree, it’s an act of god. It’s not like someone cut the tree to make it fall this way. I don’t understand why he’s angry.”  And he genuinely didn’t get it. So I asked him how he would feel if we had an earthquake and his super heavy tool kit fell from the trunk it’s on and landed on his violin case, crushing the instrument inside. It’s an act of god, no one broke your violin. How would you feel?  It was like a light went off in his head and he nodded and said “I’d be really pissed off, ok I think I get it. “  So he can empathize with people but only if it’s something that he himself has experienced. I just don’t know if this is a part of his ADHD and can be worked on with therapy or if it’s a part of who he is.   I’m really interested to hear if anyone else has a partner with similar issues and advice on how to work with it. I’m a very empathetic person and it’s very difficult communicating with him sometimes.
bd4f8138ef7b5888cd98adc03c3462e0adbf34f009948e833706e2a2bdab0c87;;;Early bird and night owl;;;TLDR**:** My husband (DX) is up all night and I'm up all day, looking after our baby. How do I get him on our schedule to he can get stuff done, help out more, and maybe I can get some time to myself?  So my husband (DX) is a night owl, which I guess is pretty common with ADHD. The earliest he goes to bed is 1 a.m. but sometimes it is as late as 4 a.m. meaning the earliest he gets out of bed is like 10 a.m. (unfortunately almost always with my prodding) but sometimes it's after noon. And that's only after he's spent a solid hour laying awake in bed farting around on his phone.  We have a 9-month-old baby, who I am nursing, so I am up with her every morning no later than 6:30 a.m. She goes to bed at 7 p.m. meaning we sometimes have half of our day in before he's even out of bed.   My husband and I are currently both off work (I'm on maternity leave and he's been laid off due to Covid). His plan for his unemployment was to get caught up on renovations, as we have a ton of stuff around the house that needs doing/finishing and he's hella handy. While he's doing that, I'm happy to take the bulk of the baby care and other household duties.  But... with his sleeping so much during the day it's just not happening. I'm putting in so many more hours looking after the little one and doing housework than he is on all the stuff that needs doing that only he can do. He'll get a few hours of work in during the afternoon and sometimes a few in the evening but realistically there's not much he's getting done when the baby is in bed.  I'm just starting to get so angry/annoyed about the lack of progress and about the fact that most of my waking hours are spent keeping the baby alive and happy and the house clean and running while he has this abundance of quiet time to himself every night. He's expressed at times that he wants to get up earlier and at the beginning of his layoff he was doing just that so it is possible. Lately though, he seems to have zero desire to get on his family's schedule.   Is there anything I can do that might help us better align our schedules and more evenly contribute to all that needs doing?
ce54ae9fd221100e5849fc80bed2787ecdf182f18c1bd950cc05f80cb7bcf700;;;Where do I begin?;;;My mind is a mess.I don't even know who I am anymore. I'm angry, resentful and bitter.  My husband told me of his childhood adhd, but told me he grew out of it. How stupid am I to have believed it.   Fast forward 8 years, our marriage is fucked.   My husband is feeling positive about his new diagnosis. He says it's given him the chance to work on himself for our family.  He's on meds, seeing a therapist, meditating, exercising, writing notes.   So why do I want to run away more than ever? Why does it feel worse now there is a reason for the years of hurt and pain.   I'm tired of trying to be patient. I'm tired of being the one to keep everything together. I'm barely holding everything together myself.   While you're out working on getting yourself better, I'm stuck at home with our child, still picking up the pieces from the shit storm from the past 8 years.   This diagnosis has bought you relief. This diagnosis has bought me reality. Reality our child could potentially have adhd. That the rest of my life is going to revolve around a disorder that I don't have.   I'm a strong woman but this has broken me down beyond what I can handle alone.   How does one move past years of anger, resentment, and pain. Years of unwanted memories.   God I just want to run. But I can't. I'm stuck. I feel hopeless. I want these thoughts to just stop.   I just want to be happy again.
05a3371efe0fa534c94b459543bbc429bc2ea3f8bb0ecbd4ac60a7ac24fe3932;;;Advice for finding a helpful ADHD therapist;;;Hi everyone,  My DX husband has not been having a lot of success with his therapist. Although he was diagnosed and is now medicated, it's basically been an entire year of *only* medicine adjustments, normally based on what my husband says he wants to try/change from his own research and anecdotal experience. Meanwhile, he struggles daily because the medicine is clearly not helping enough and there has been no therapy or life advice support (even when he asked his therapist for it).  I want to help but I'm honestly at a loss. I'm not from the US (where we live) and I have very little experience finding specialists that a) take our insurance and b) would be helpful for ADHD. I recognize that he should also be his own advocate, but we are both swamped with work right now, and the ADHD symptoms (combined with possible depression) makes it very hard for him to advocate for himself.   Do you guys have any advice? How did your partners find a therapist that actually helped? Any advice would be appreciated. This is just a stressful situation for both of us. I just want him to get the help he genuinely wants.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Rebound behavior - worse functioning after extra stimulating experiences;;;Not sure what to call it but when we have houseguests my partner will function better. He listens better, follows through on things better, and so on. However, usually once they leave he crashes and there are several days where he's far less effective than he was before,.or sometimes goes back to his pre houseguest functioning which is still worse by comparison. AITA for not wanting to go through that roller coaster having just recently experienced it? He seems to not realize how much worse he gets right after people leave and doesn't understand how hard that is on me or maybe doesn't care.
3fb2b7eac889a734807b7916a57408d83d235fdadd5d8b0530893848ee1c57ef;;;Social immaturity;;;My husband is not diagnosed but he and our children show signs of ADHD. One of the things I've noticed over the years is my husband's social immaturity. When I first met him (age 25) I just assumed he was a late bloomer and would calm down over time. And while that is partially true, the way he socializes with people continues to be, frankly, embarrassing. He seems to rely heavily on shock value to get reactions out of people. That means things like regaling my cousins, who are devout Christians, with stories about drugs and sex. He often jumps upon the most inappropriate things he can find and offers them up in social situations just because he knows it will get reactions out of people.  This was somewhat amusing in our 20s, but we're now in our late 30's and it's standing out more and more. When he's not being wildly inappropriate, he's often complaining about work situations in excessive detail to people who neither know anything about his line of work nor care about the problems that he describes in excruciating detail. He stayed at home with our two kids for a few years and I thought that perhaps he had just gotten out of practice in socializing and encouraged him strongly to look for jobs in an office where he would need to interact with other people.  But now that he has one of those jobs, he's incredibly stressed and often getting in trouble for ruffling feathers and telling people how they are doing things wrong. He constantly judges his coworkers and doesn't understand why people don't seem to be appreciative of the work that he does. I originally met him at work and I know that he can be clueless in how he approaches difficult conversations. I know several mutual coworkers who swear up and down that they will never work with him again because he was so difficult to deal with.  Does anyone have thoughts or suggestions as to what might help him learn how to relate to people in a more socially acceptable manner? We recently moved to a new state and so far he has not made any friends, and the few coworker friends he made are now gone because he switched jobs. In fact, since I met him 12 years ago, I can't think of a single new friendship that he has made that has really stuck. He doesn't seem bothered by the lack of companions in his life, but he is an introvert and so he is drained by social events in general. I'm certain that his social skills are part of the reason he has such a hard time with his coworkers (and bosses), but frankly I don't know how to help him here.
b1cba4917b099b3e25af8befb6e3f3291343efbd7b832ab5a62d5c0258aaee7d;;;Xpost from /r/ADHD me(26) trying to understand the different priorities and cleanliness habits of my (24 ADHD DX) partner - what's worked for you, we want to be a better team!;;;   TL;DR Partner has made a lot of progress but still has trouble prioritizing. We have different priorities as far as cleaning goes and I'm working on not projecting my own ideas about what 'a healthy house' is onto him but I'm not sure how to be helpful and empathetic without coming off as talking-down to him when he forgets tasks.   I grew up in a really strict house - my parents were clean freaks and our house often looked like a gently used model home for my entire childhood. We were allowed plenty of self-expression - they were great parents, I had a really happy childhood &amp; went to school for the arts - but my idea of "neat", I'll admit, the bar is high. At home, I clean my entire apartment &amp; straighten clutter every other day.  I adore my partner! He's a caring, driven person who has endless empathy, time and energy to be a good person &amp; take care of people. However, he's severely ADHD and his housekeeping tasks sometimes go unfinished for awhile. Dishes, trash, laundry, clutter - he knows what a clean home looks like but some weeks he'll lose focus and it's absolutely chaos when I come over. I know that a large part of the problem is that he's \*incredibly busy\* but I also can't help but project my own feelings of NEAT = HEALTH onto him. We both want him to be his best self, and me constantly putting him down or nagging him isn't the way I want to do it. Our communication skills are good I'd say, but his brain is complicated and we've been struggling to really grasp the full idea of a solution. this sub has been helpful reading for both of us but theres some stuff i haven't really seen covered so I need some advice for 2 main things,  ONE: He loses sight of one big thing in the 5 things he has to do and I don't know how to help.  We talk about it once or twice a month, because when I off-hand discover &amp; mention a "large" mistake (like leaving containers of food in the fridge until it's gross, or forgetting about the cat litter box for a week) he experiences a lot of shame and embarrassment. I can TELL that he genuinely forgot and it sucks to watch him feel bad - it's like he JUST cleaned but there's still problems, it feels like he can't do it right. The task just got buried in all the other things he had to do that week. We've talked about his experiences trying lists, routines, other coping mechanisms, his history of therapy and current medications. He's tried a lot of stuff to varying degrees of success - organizational stuff is hard because he just will forget to update lists or tasks so they go incomplete. Ultimately, he says that he's fine with some typical clutter because he lives alone - he's also so busy that he's rarely home, so having dirty laundry or a few empty bottles around don't bother him as much as they do me. He doesn't zero in on everything out of place in a room like I do. I've been gradually better about asking if he needs help when I find a problem instead of just remarking that it's wrong. At the end of the day, he \*knows\* that it's wrong, he just lost sight of it and being reminded that he forgot something upsets him.  TWO: our priorities are a little different &amp; that causes our time to be used in different ways, I feel like some of his choices are instant-gratification and avoid chores on purpose, even if that may not be the case.  I look at a free chunk of time: say, "We have a free Saturday" and to him, he's thinking of resting from the stressful week, or seeing some friends. Which is normal and he really needs the downtime bc his job is stressful! But, meanwhile, all I can think about is "You should really do the chores you've been putting off, there were still filthy dishes and clutter all over the counter from cooking you did 2 days ago." I have made the mistake of saying that once or twice and I feel....gross about it. Like I'm being his mom or treating him like a little kid and he felt equally talked-down-to. He's great about doing things in his own time, when he finds the problem - it's just usually longer than I'd wait and it feels weird to see a mess twice and not comment on it. From my perspective, he's bad at seeing free time and breaking it up into multiple tasks - he'll decide to do something at noon &amp; then the rest of the day becomes useless time because he's focused on his plan at noon. I don't want to feel like I have to remind him to clean, and I feel terrible doing it. But taking even...minutes to straight up would stop things from snowballing and feeling overwhelming. He agrees with me, but just has never been able to get into the mindset and ultimately can't hold all of the things that I would think about tidying in his head at once.  Thanks for doing all these reading. Ultimately, its not serious. None of these are huge, relationship-ending problems for either of us. He's not a hoarder or spiteful or purposefully giving up on getting better, we've actually made a lot of progress towards being healthier together since I know I have my fair share of hangups to unlearn! I think I just feel like it's been plateauing on these big issues and I'd love to hear other people's experiences?
e96d9f1dd7788248620bdaf617d8c2493eb09e011e08ed050cad782a42c58cc8;;;Need help!!;;;&amp;#x200B;  I am new here and its my first post. I am struggling to come up with right words to describe my situation. I have been married for last 5 years to a person who did not disclose his ADHD issue ever before us getting married. I had no idea of this problem and had merely heard the word. After the wedding, there were a lot of things very odd for me but since he belonged to medical profession himself I could never imagine in my wildest dreams that this was the reason behind many issues of our married life.   He has never been diagnosed for it but after me constantly complaining about his procrastination, moving jobs, moving states(4 states in 5 yrs and 7 residences), lack of discipline, huge financial mismanagement, tonnes of debt(400000+), pathetic credit score, numerous failed business attempts, numerous incomplete attempts to finish masters degree , unfinished PHD,numerous failed attempts of studying for USMLE exams and years of nonfiling of tax returns,he finally admitted of having this issue and wanted me to help him. He admitted to this about 2 years ago and since then I have constantly pushed him to get medical help and even ensured that he makes appointments but every time he missed them. He always wanted me to see videos on coping with ADHD spouses but I would never see him making any active effort toward doing anything for himself and this was very frustrating for me.  Sometimes I would feel he used this ADHD as cover to hide his mess and get sympathy. I am just very very confused. I am literally at the verge of a breakdown as he is gearing up for another move and like always he has told me this is final and he wants to settle now. After my constant pushing him he did fix some things over the years but I always felt all actions would be just temporary. I am truly LOST. I feel very exhausted and cant figure out if I am able to cope further or trust him yet once again.  I dont even know why I have posted it here but this is something he doesnt want me to tell anyone. I cant talk to anyone about this disorder of his and it suffocates me.
1bfc737d4837eb001495b76ea9a9abe905dd68e347842245327a860ba714e805;;;A genuine call for help;;;Long story short: I (28F) met my partner (31M dignosed, not treated) 9 years ago. We dated long distance for most of the first 4 years of our relationship. The decided to move countries and we finally got together for the first time. In the 4 years that followed, we was fired twice. We moved countries again last June. He got a job just two weeks after we arrived. I have been thrilled, for the first time in a very long time, we had some kind of stability. Then yesterday I came home to the news that he has been fired. I feel numb, I don’t know how to react to this. I feel like I haven’t recovered from the last period that he was unemployed (his depression and ultimately despair and my taking all the strength I could master to lift him up and saving our relationship) and now, everything will happen again. I want to support him, I know he will be in a very dark place soon and I want to be there for him, but I am afraid I will not have the strength myself to help him. This is not a rant or vent, it’s the most sincere cry for help and advice. I am aware of the red flags here, but I am also well aware of how much he tries. I swear to whatever god that I have never seen someone trying so hard and yet, never seen someone being so unlucky. It is painful to watch him fall again and again and feel utterly powerless about it...  TLDR: Partner was fired for the third time. He’s destroyed, I want to help succeed but don’t know how.
e7392aa2c62bb09821b1766435c296b590d942833d837e6a37f178202b3eb867;;;Would like ADHD partner's perspective;;;Hello! It's my first time EVER posting on reddit - but so glad to have found this sub. I love my partner dearly (dating for 1.5 years) and we're about to get married in the next year or so. My partner has the typical ADHD symptoms although he's not officially diagnosed. My main takeaway so far has been that their brains are wired differently, and always always remember it's a "us vs the problem" approach.  So my question is - with the different wiring, **I'd like to get the ADHD partner's perspectives of what your partners do that works well for you, helps you be a better person, and makes you feel loved** (esp those in long term relationships). I'd like to prepare as best as I can to be a good partner in our future marriage and also to ensure that our marriage is rock-solid. *If there's already a thread on this, I'd appreciate a link to it!*  As an example, right now my partner is rushing his essay due in a few hours - he usually submits right on the DOT and sleeps the day away, but this round it seems like he's gonna submit ahead of time. The reason is because I've made it clear that he needs some sleep to attend scheduled house-viewings with me tomorrow, and that I'm really excited about it. So I've heaped on praises like I'm proud of him for submitting ahead of time and getting some rest etc to be awake with me tomorrow (although I feel like I'm mothering him). Is this a good approach? How can I replicate this behaviour for future essays without the "event"?
2ff7d8817bf01a75e99cfb41e649f547f123cfc855554814bc57fdb25548833c;;;How do I get my non-ADHD partner to understand that ADHD is a real disorder? How can I help her to separate the symptoms from me?;;;I have undiagnosed ADHD, but have been trying for the past few months to kickstart that process of diagnosis. A combination of financial and logistical reasons (I just moved to a very rural area with few mental health professionals) have been making it difficult to actually get help.   This has been a very tiring process, and on top of that, I have a partner who is having a hard time wrapping her head around how ADHD works and makes things challenging for me. When we first started dating and I told her that I suspected I had ADHD, she didn't believe me. It was very invalidating. She slowly began to educate herself but it has been an uphill battle the whole way just to get her to see that ADHD is not only a real disorder, but also a real challenge that I deal with. A few months ago, she took it upon herself to look it all up and read some articles about it and it seemed to me like she was finally beginning to understand. But still, every time I do something that frustrates her she begins attacking me for it and I feel so hopeless, because I feel that she still doesn't understand what I'm dealing with. I do my best to hear her out and apologize while also explaining to her what I'm dealing with, and she always tells me that I'm making excuses for how I'm acting.   **This is where this group comes in:** I hate that I am hurting her in ways that I feel are out of my control. I know how frustrating it is for her to experience the brunt end of my symptoms. She is an incredibly sensitive and caring person and I know that it hurts her to feel uncared for and disregarded. She didn't ask for this (neither did I) and I know that it's a real challenge for her to try to be supportive when it feels like I don't care. The reality is that I love her a great deal, and am really trying, but my inability to focus feels out of my control. I feel guilty about it and it makes me feel like a bad person even though I know that not all of it is my fault. I just feel like she doesn't understand how much of a burden it is for me every day.  **My real questions are for non-ADHD partners who have found success in working with their ADHD partners to create healthy communication.**   * How can I help her better understand what I am dealing with?  * Does anyone have any tips or helpful resources that I can share with her?  * Are there any testimonials from non-ADHD partners out there for how to look at this situation and move forward?  * Besides making progress on my own treatment of my symptoms, what can I do better to validate her feelings while also standing my ground and knowing that I have a real disorder that gives me real challenges?   **TLDR; I have undiagnosed ADHD and I know there's things I can (and am in the process of doing) to show my partner that I working on managing my symptoms, such as getting diagnosed and communicating better. But it feels like I am doing this alone, rather than with her help and support. How do I get us to be on the same side instead of fighting each other?**
721af996a73b77c82af5114c4f6e5e2dafabb7242d586613394544ad264918a7;;;How can I be a more supportive partner? All my efforts are seen as surface level, fake, or even selfish...;;;Alright, this is going to get long &amp; I'm sorry.  &amp;#x200B;  TLDR: Partner has ADHD &amp; doesn't acknowledge any of my efforts to support/help. Tells me I'm being selfish and shaming him, no matter what I say/do. Things will be fine for a while, then it all blows up &amp; he shifts blame to me/my problems. Seeking advice.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm just at a loss here... no matter what I do it's not good enough, it's not making an effort, it's not understanding. Apparently I'm only selfish and not a supportive partner.  &amp;#x200B;  He has ADHD (DX, not treated; he is on a wait list for counseling &amp; had done counseling years ago with some success); I do not (but I've got my own set of problems, which I do need to work through &amp; also get counseling).  &amp;#x200B;  I thought things have been going well between us for a while. The last few weeks he has been high stress/anxiety, which tends to manifest itself physically (the shakes). I have no idea how to help with that, how to fix it...I'm just here. Rubbing his legs, back, or neck used to help. Now they are kind of just "motions," but I don't know what else to do and neither does he. Or at least when I ask he says he doesn't know, and then tends to get irritated. Sexual release can help, but that's tricky for me because when he gets the shakes, his ADHD is spiraling and his ability to focus is minimal. We already have mismatched sex drives, and his lack of focus can make things take way longer than I am interested in (I'm talking like an hour of repetitive non-intercourse/focus on his release activities, which eventually becomes boring/unfun for me). That is another issue in itself &amp; I'm trying to be more attentive there.  &amp;#x200B;  However, I still think we've been managing his recent high-level of symptoms well. I think we are getting along well. Then tonight he comes at me with attitude for something (not getting into specifics, it was a small thing), and I'm a little overly sensitive at the current moment, so I take offense (I didn't "use my words" and left the room which led to us having a 1-2 hour text argument in the middle of the night). He doesn't think there was any attitude in his voice, and when I say he was "yelling" (which to me can be a tone, not just volume), he tells me I'm being crazy and overreacting. He then goes on to tell me how I'm a horrible partner &amp; am playing the victim; how I don't understand what he is going through or make any effort; how our relationship is a sham &amp; I make everything worse by relying on him/using him/forcing him to be the adult... all of this in overarching generalities or large scale points (like I need to be better with my money, our finances are split however; or how I'm not getting healthy/losing weight, but he literally only means working out at a gym and not any other efforts made towards being healthy like walking multiple miles per day, doing yoga &amp; aerobics at home, eating healthy, etc). Basically dredging up anything he can from our past (we've been together over a decade), although he likes to also claim there are recent things.  &amp;#x200B;   I finally get a recent example out of him, other than my "mood swing," and apparently my doing a chore in it's entirety in one session the previous day is not understanding his ADHD. I'm apparently not understanding that he needs to work in small doses, because I didn't let him. We function differently here. If something is bugging me, especially cleaning-wise, I like to just get it done. I turned down his help because I wanted something to get done right away, so that makes me not understanding? I wasn't complaining, I didn't nag him (I HATE to nag/remind him, part of why I'll do something myself if I can), but because I turned down his help &amp; said I'd rather just finish it I'm not understanding. I don't know how to react to this... It was a simple chore. Was I wrong saying I didn't need his help? Did I overstep by explaining why I was doing it myself?  &amp;#x200B;  It just seems like I'm constantly on trial to prove myself to him...prove I'm making an effort, prove I'm understanding of his ADHD and how it impacts him. I don't know how to help with or fix the shakes...he doesn't either. I mentioned I feel bad even asking him, and he got pissed at me for making his ADHD about me! What?! I just meant I think it's unfair to put that pressure on him, and I do feel bad doing it, but is that really me being selfish?  &amp;#x200B;  Sometimes he is incapable of making his own meal...usually due to the shakes, but sometimes whatever other aspect of ADHD might be impacting him. So I'll cook for him (I do that a lot regardless of his ADHD). The only time that really annoys me is when he can't decide what to eat. I realize the decision making aspect can be hard, but I can also only make so many suggestions that he says no to (and usually the more I ask, suggest, pester...however he sees it...the snappier his replies). Add to that, that he is very schedule-focused (helps him cope &amp; stay on task). As it gets later into the night we are approaching too late to eat without disrupting his schedule, and not eating dinner is also not good for him because it still is a schedule disrupt.  &amp;#x200B;  Admission: I am horrible at being on time. It's probably my worst offense &amp; biggest trigger for his ADHD. I do try, but I really could probably make a bigger effort here. I know this, I own this, and I need to do better. Our definition of on time differs (me: actual time, him: 15 minutes before actual time), but I know this and I need to be more conscientious.   &amp;#x200B;  I know he needs to do large scale tasks in small doses, but I work the opposite (almost to the point of obsession until something is complete). Sometimes that's not a problem &amp; he does a task at his own pace. Other times I do it myself. I don't take over, or blame him; it's more of a not asking for help situation. Maybe I shouldn't tell him why? But then he thinks I'm taking on too much. Seems lose-lose.  &amp;#x200B;  I know in general he needs to bounce around from thing to thing. If he is on the computer, he is probably juggling watching YouTube, playing a video game, and reading something. He'll come out and take over the TV (as in, I was watching something &amp; he turns it off) in small bursts to play a video game or watch something...sometimes annoying but I think I've gotten used to it &amp; don't mind as much (it still kind of sucks if we sit down to watch something &amp; stop after 15 minutes...although he is making the effort to finish an episode for me).  &amp;#x200B;  I follow these forums, and others, read ADHD magazines &amp; articles, whatever I can to figure out what else I can do to be a more supportive partner. My suggestions (much like my questions) are usually met with snappy replies. I've even been called stupid for my suggestions &amp; told to stop making stuff up or randomly suggesting things I know nothing about. I do the research here... I mean, how else do I approach new ideas or suggestions to help? How do I ask him what he wants or needs without making things worse?  &amp;#x200B;  If I try to talk to our friends (who all know, he doesn't hide his ADHD), I am being insensitive. Going back to the chore thing he brought up tonight, apparently I mentioned to a friend who was over during the "incident" that he takes too long, or I would rather do it myself...he didn't actually tell me what I said. I seriously don't remember this (although it happened yesterday), so it must not have been an issue to me.  It was an issue to him.  &amp;#x200B;  There's also a disconnect in our communication, especially when it comes to his ADHD. A lot of the time there is a tone or attitude from him that I hear, and he says isn't there. Same thing when I talk--there's a tone or attitude that I don't hear (he specifically says I make fun of him or belittle him to people, which I don't do with any intention... but even teasing him personally can go wrong; I've recently read that people with ADHD need more boosting, so my "innocent" teasing may have not been so fun &amp; innocent after all :/). The most frustrating part is that I am expected to know I'm using a tone &amp; acknowledge it when he tells me (versus deny it, if I think I wasn't), but the same doesn't apply to him. I am also supposed to acknowledge I'm being crazy or sensitive, and the he didn't have a tone, instead of him also making the realization that I heard one whether he intended it or not.  &amp;#x200B;  Throw on top of that, we are both dealing with our own issues, but I don't think he can distinguish the difference. All my behavior, attitude, and feelings he links back to my problems (which are vast...narcissistic mother, abusive childhood - in hindsight, gas lighting/brainwashing; financial hardship &amp; poor money management; health issues; job stress; family guilt...). He's not completely wrong, but a relationship is two ways. My problems stress him out, so I try to keep them to myself (and I'm sure we all know how well bottling things up works). If I express any sort of feeling,  he sees it 100% as my problems or my selfishness, not related to his ADHD. He doesn't seem to understand 1) how emotions play into everything, because he has a pretty good ability to disconnect from his, and 2) that I truly do care about him so his life is of a personal &amp; emotional interest, and I will take his hardships personally because I want to be there to support him.  I'm not saying my own issues don't play a role, and they totally need to be treated/handled better than they currently are. But, he doesn't seem to understand the problem isn't always me. His ADHD definitely is a stress point in our relationship, but bringing that up just angers him...it's me being selfish, refusing to care/understand, or making excuses (nothing can just be a reason or factor, it's always an excuse). Dude. I know I need to get help, but so do you. I know you can't control your ADHD, but I can't control everything either.   &amp;#x200B;  I can understand you can do a chore if given time to come back to it, but does that mean I can't just do it myself if I want it done right away? I am aware you can't control the shakes and they irritate you more than they irritate me, but that doesn't mean I can fix it. I know you don't like attention being drawn to you (in general, let alone if negative), so am I supposed to bring something up I can't fix? Just because I don't say something specifically, it doesn't man I am ignoring it (I just might not know what to say/do). Yes, sometimes you have a tone/attitude, it's not just me being sensitive/emotional. I do know how to be in a relationship, but you have to open up about the big stuff (like your ADHD).  &amp;#x200B;  Just... What do I do? What can I do? How do I express myself without "playing the victim" or "making everything about me"? How do I have productive conversations with him, ask what he wants/needs, or offer suggestions without navigating into a fight? How can we separate his issues from mine?
f4da4185bf9e715d4072154247cbceda71c95911fa29da8b0483a16eaaa9de3d;;;Reminder: Be Kind to Yourself and Your Partner—Things are Extra Hard Right Now;;;I don’t know who else needs to hear this today, but I certainly needed to remind myself that everything is a struggle for everyone right now in this pandemic, and for ADHDers it’s even worse. I’m a non-DX wife (but with an appointment to be screened myself because there are signs) of a DX husband. We were barely married for a few months before the pandemic sent us into lockdown last March, and hoo boy has this been a test of our relationship. The lack of structure to his time since he lost his job (COVID related), co-morbidities w/other illnesses, inability to socialize in person with his support network on a regular basis, etc. has been absolutely brutal on him, and by extension, me.   Well, I decided yesterday that I am going to try to take a different mindset, which is one that acknowledges that these circumstances are abnormal and temporary, and that my partner is trying their best. The thing we both need more than anything right now is each other’s compassion and support. We still need accountability and boundaries too, of course.   Just today there was a situation where he was out doing an errand and realized that he hadn’t eaten a meal or taken his medications yet. This happens a few times a week. My knee jerk response is usually to sigh and say something like “You really need to get that under control.” We both know that’s true, but it wouldn’t have been a helpful thing to say in that moment when we were talking about it. Instead, I just said “You’re doing your best, sweetie.” And when he got home and fell down a rabbit hole on his phone, I playfully chided him that he still needed to eat and take his pills. He finished up what he was doing and then went and did that. And it felt like a far better interaction than if I had just kept pounding the point of eating and taking meds consistently. My job isn’t to parent or manage him; it’s to be a supportive spouse. It’s to love. It’s to be kind. And maybe if I’m kinder to him, I’ll also be kinder to myself. Goodness knows he does it for me.  Anyway, to those out there who are really feeling the struggle in this chaos, I see you.
74a7d03d474314c30193bde7f19bad92278def9234a1b7028d70ce300c7a63cd;;;ADHD SO &amp; Emotional Labor Imbalance;;;Has any other ADHD partners successfully explained the toll emotional labor takes on them in regards to the everyday tasks that fall onto them as the non ADHD partner? I feel like my partner relies on me to be the “adult”.   While my (F30) partner (M32) has a incredible work ethic and works very hard, that is where the responsibility of his day starts and ends. He is in construction so many times says there is no comparison to my being at a desk all day to the manual labor he does all day. Which is probably true, however when he gets home his day is effectively done. Whereas, I still have emails and reports to deal with from work since the firm i work for is international.   I have tried to explain the stress I experience from having to balance work and home (he is extremely unorganized and can walk past the same pile of his clothes on the floor for a week without bothering to move them to the laundry).  I have tried holding back and not, for example, picking up after him, doing the dishes, laundry to show him how much things pile up if I mirror his day to day but it doesn’t effect him. He doesn’t mind the mess until he cannot find something he is looking for, then it becomes an issue. I feel like his ADHD does distract him from these daily tasks to a point but I don’t actually think he understands what it is like to have to be the one to take care of the house, the bills, the appointments, the holiday plans and gifts, home improvement items (he’s in construction but I had to learn how to do a lot bc when I ask him to do somethings the answer Is usually a big I’ll do it later and later never comes because he gets distracted with something else, like installing a home security system we didn’t need). Half the time he completely forgets anything I ask him to take care of. It becomes a job in itself having to remind him so I give up.  I am not a stay at home person, I work 50 hours a week and while my job is in no way manual labor it is still stressful and I get very minimal appreciation for being 1/2 of our financial security while also having to manage our lives and home. Emotional labor is real and it’s unbalanced in our lives but it seems like it goes in one ear and out the other when I try to discuss it. Any suggestions on how I can:  1. Successfully get him to see that being the manager at work and home is no fun and I don’t find joy in having to mother a grown up  2. Get him to recognize I need his help before I go nuclear (and yes I’ve said it flat out, doesn’t seem to take, he promises to help more, that lasts about two days if I’m lucky)
7cd73ef3cb1fe187b07279e5781c6f03b83ab44e878ade9d39ebd3fbd330c2ac;;;He told me he wants a divorce last night;;;He (50M) is not officially diagnosed but is in the process and his son has it and he has all the symptoms and behaviors. I have been dealing with the endless roller coaster of mood swings, promises to do things, constant “forgetting” to tell me about super important decisions he made without me and the rage and depression.  We got into a fight over a big decision he made about the kids and I really laid into him. He told me to “shut the fuck up” ...a new one, he keeps pushing the bar lower and lower. This was Sunday. I didn’t really talk to him for Monday and Tuesday but when I got home yesterday I laid into him and told him, yeah I was still mad about being talked to that way and I told him he could never talk to me that way again. He said, “sometimes you need to be told to shut the fuck up” and went outside.   I followed - he hates that - and said he needs to stop disrespecting me and that our biggest issue is that he makes decisions without me. And he called me psycho, said that I am needy and want attention all the time...on and on. And then I asked him to leave. To go to his dads. He was like that’s a GREAT idea, I need to get away from you.  He left for 2 hours and drove around or whatever. When we talked later he said he didn’t want to go to couples counseling any more, he wanted a divorce. He said many more mean and terrible things ...kept accusing me of being drunk (I wasn’t) ...that I hate his kids, that I spend all our money (this one if you knew me is insanely laughable). A million other incredibly hurtful things.  This morning he said he wants to go to counseling again. I am certain that he thinks the counselor will just affirm his idea that I am crazy so he feels confident in going. He completely lied and gaslit me about the night before. I was the one who said I wanted a divorce. I was the drunk one (did I mention that he was drunk and he also self medicated with weed).   His lying and gaslighting is endless and insane. So, here’s the part I need advice on....will the therapist know this? If he’s going to sit there and lie and gaslight me I don’t want to go. He’s got the NPD too so he’s charming and dismissive. I’m scared to go, honestly. Thoughts?
60234314a1d7c629ec0f35074f33d56977e3bf1505d70baaeb79ee31d2b8a3fd;;;DX S.O decided to stop all medication.;;;Hi guys, first time posting here but I could really use some support or advice. My S.O has recently been diagnosed with ADHD (about 4 months ago) and has tried two medications without too much success. They have decided to stop taking their medication at random without discussing with their doctor and don't tell me until days later and are about to give up on trying more stimulants. I understand it is a confronting process and they are annoyed that the first two haven't worked however I know it takes time to find they right fit. I often struggle with their impulsive behaviour or mood swings however this time I just feel a bit like I'm drowning or constantly talking them off a cliff. We have come so far seeing a psych and trying medication and I was so relieved to have them seeing someone and they were looking forward to trying a medication that works. My S.O has been talking about all the things they could do if the stimulant made them feel how the people on the internet say they now feel. I am just at such a loss as to why they would just throw that all away and stop trying. I am scared of them stopping medication (with who knows what side effects) and then not getting help and the pressure that will then fall on me. I know it isn't about me but I feel so powerless and overwhelmed by them wanting to throw this whole process away. Has anyone else been through times like this? I could really use some advice,  I have no idea where to go from here.
47b20a43cd661905730876a048d1e6d0e9c226e61f1480076ded22c35f607fb9;;;He let the cat out and is DEVASTATED;;;Hello all. My  31 M ndx non medicated husband accidentally (and I truly believe this) left our back door not quite shut and our cat got out. He is taking it a lot harder than I would have thought. I am obviously sad, first pet I ever owned and she got me through grad school, wedding, family deaths etc. But I know it was a true accident and I'm not blaming him in any way. He was not paying attention and the cat got out, when we located her I couldn't grab her being 8 months pregnant and afraid of falling so she darted and is now officially lost. What can I do to help him feel better about this? I know those with ADHD can feel more intensely about things. Hes already cried and said "I fucked up" and it just breaks my heart. Any help is appreciated.
48aa89cb77a0b3a5021957313971fd8acda177fb0c99416ea29748f2868f7230;;;My ADHD husband made a huge mistake that I have to pay for...;;;I just found this sub and am on mobile. Sorry for any formatting issues. TL:DR at the end.  My husband (M27) was diagnosed with HDHD several years before I (F25) met him and is on meds. We have been together for two years and we've been married 8 months today)  It has always been difficult to get him to remember to do things, but the issue has only gotten more exaggerated over time. It has gone from minor issues like letting dishes pile up for so long that the sink smells and flies enter our home to larger problems like constantly losing items like keys and wallets (fyi do all of yourselves a favor and buy a set of Tiles. You'll thank me later). There have always been consequences to these moments. They've been frustrating but never too bad.  But today my husband made a mistake that really puts me in a bad position. He called me to tell me and apologize but it shouldn't have come to this.  We just moved into the basement apartment of one of my husband'd former college professors. My husband's sister and her family had been living there before. I don't have contact information for our new landlords so it has been my husband's job to communicate with them.  We moved in on Monday and things seemed to be going well until I brought our pet bird over... Now my husband was supposed to be the one to ask about the bird. He said he asked about the bird and it was ok. I asked repeatedly if he had made sure it was ok. He assured me he had.  He didn't.  Our landlord's wife told me yesterday that she hadn't been aware we had a pet bird. This evening her husband contacted my husband by text.  My husband is at work. He apologized over text and told our landlord to call him when he's able   I am so sick to my stomach and embarrassed! I don't know what we're going to do if we can't keep my bird. I spent a good 15 minutes crying and I just don't know what to do.  I just needed to tell someone. I don't want to embarrass him by telling my family or any of our mutual friends, but I'm at a breaking point. I don't know what to do and I'm tired of bailing him out/paying for his mistakes all the time.  TL:DR: Husband and I moved into apartment owned by his old college prof. I didn't have landlord's contact info, so husband was responsible for making sure it was ok to bring our pet bird. Husband did not make sure it was ok to bring pet bird.
0af4c6c6c2805fa867674ed868108cc7200d5da471ef4602076dd72cdded892b;;;I need some encouragement, because at the moment everything feel so hard.;;;So, my boyfriend has ADHD, we are in LDR and so far I don’t have problems besides his lack of communication but we are able to sort this out. We rarely call because he doesn’t have enough privacy at home, he often spends Friday’s night drinking and hangover the next day not able to hold proper conversation, and tidy up his house on Sunday. So it’s hard to have a date or some quality time, but we exchange a few text everyday and he’ll reply whenever he can during work. I’ve been waiting for him to call me, we haven’t talked on call for 20 days. Two days ago, I woke up to his text telling me that he got two days off and will call me tomorrow (Wednesday), I anticipated it so much and excitedly wait because there’s so much I want to tell him, that can’t be typed on texts, he woke up late so I waited not asking either, I want him to have a lie in. I picked my mom in the meantime, and then replied his text as soon as I got home. He didn’t reply for two hours, so I thought he needed extra sleep or wanted to rest for few more hours. I asked whether he wants me to leave him alone and wait until he texts me back. He then replied that he is in town to buy dog food with his friend. I replied saying that’s okay, because he usually goes out only for few hours so I thought to myself I can wait. I waited for his text till I eventually feel sleepy and told him I’ll sleep, I woke up in the middle of the night. No reply, no late goodnight text, or cancellation. Unfortunately I feel extra sensitive and took it to heart, I mean it wasn’t me who set up the time, It was him, so I thought he has checked his schedule when he can be available for me. I don’t mind if he texts me to tell me that we can’t talk that day, but he didn’t. So I told him, that he should have not made an appointment if he doesn’t have the time for it, turned out he was out with his friend all day, and said will make up for it  and call me the next day (Thursday). On Thursday he told me, he doesn’t think we can talk. It makes me sad realising we won’t talk on weekends and those two days off was our only option and it’s hard to find the right time. I miss him so much.
17a6d8ab3e5312418b191637de035ad9173ce02abf7d410c41a1b103852d6eff;;;I no longer want to be intimate with my partner;;;We’ve been together for almost 4 years now, both early 30s. The first year was great, he was very attentive and I felt attracted to him. But my attraction went down when I noticed him becoming dependent on me for things like meals and cleanup. I didn’t have good boundaries but after working on it in counseling, I have been able to communicate when it’s becoming a parent-child dynamic.  But since that time I’ve struggled to want to have sex, and sometimes when I do he’ll end up doing something a bit childish that turns me off. He seems to get really excited and then just kind of... grab at things? I know he’s trying but it doesn’t feel good to me. Or he’ll be careless and accidentally pull my hair or something.. lol. It’s like he’s just hyper focused on his own enjoyment and thinks I’m enjoying it too. Ive asked him to be gentler or just more mindful of time (if we are kissing he will want to continue indefinitely, every time, so it makes me not want to start). Or if we are hugging during the day he will grab my behind for as long as possible, until I pull away. It leaves me feeling like I have to always say no at some point, and it’s easier to just not get close sometimes. Does anyone else have this? I’ve never experienced it in other relationships. Ive talked to him  about it but it’s like he doesn’t notice in the moment to apply what we’ve talked about.    We moved in together just after the pandemic started, and though we are good at living together, I feel like I can’t rely on him to do what he says or if he will suddenly get too busy with work to cook or cleanwhat he said. So it creates a very unsexy dynamic where I will feel attracted to him when he is being attentive to contributing, but it doesn’t last long enough for me to actually want sex.    I want to acknowledge and reward his progress, he really does try, and things are a lot better than before. And he is such a sweet and caring guy, and I love how he makes life fun and cares about creating the best life for us. But it leaves me feeling drained because I’m the one to have to take care of most of the un-fun every day stuff. I’ve asked him to get diagnosed but he says he’s too busy to go to a doctor and go to counselling,  but says he will one day. I just don’t think I can wait that long. I just keep hoping that we will be able to work through these things and I will find my sex drive again. But I’m the only one pulling the cart most of the time.   I feel so conflicted, like it’s my fault for not wanting to be intimate, but when I write it all out I can see why it’s the case. But I know he loves me and is trying. I want that to be enough but it’s not.   If anyone can relate to this experience or give insight on how they got out of this dynamic, whether within the relationship or apart, I’d love to hear it. Maybe some shared experiences will help me feel less alone in this experience. Thank you.
e58b4d63c9325bd2476c758eaf6266dbe2a435078b8e8026227b4ec31576cd1c;;;new relationship !!!;;;Heyy I’m recently in a relationship w someone w adhd (two month relationship and he is medicated) I have anxiety, so I’m often writing lists and planning my weeks out so I don’t get too overwhelmed. He’s often the opposite, forgetting assignments or turning things in at the deadline and therefore unable to do other fun things besides school work. (We’re both in college) Most of our dates end up being studying late at night just so we can spend time together. Sundays we always cook dinner together and that’s been a great routine for us.   So my question is, how do I balance encouraging him to make decisions or do hw earlier and giving him extra time and just being patient.  Or- are there other ways I can be more supportive? We’ve both been wanting to have more set dates during the day instead of just falling asleep on the couch lol   So far, we balance each other out well but I’ve never dated someone with adhd and I want to be better for what he needs :)
40fbeb7d04622a4c3b12a4c8a025b1109210f304ad8811c789d6dd71b6c3d2c1;;;We broke up.;;;I fought so hard for this man for 3 years, trying my best to be the person we both needed. I really thought that if I put in enough work and love, eventually we would learn to live together. We didn't, although we became good at communicating, it only emphasised how different and awful we were together. The night we broke up I could finally breathe. Every day I come home to my own apartment and I thank God he isn't there hammering me about what I do and say. I'm not saying that adhd relationships are impossible, but this one were. The feeling of leaving him behind is relief and new found joy in living - I'm no longer crying everyday or arguing, I simply exist with myself and I feel so at ease at last.
4af2e04266060a54fe6aa3547f9f041b15ae39c7f2f989323b2f066afe1e3922;;;Long term partners: what did you wish you knew?;;;My partner and I have been together for about 6 months and I realised early on the symptoms of ADHD (I have dated someone who was diagnosed in the past). He isn't diagnosed but I am about 90% sure.   I'd love to hear what people who have been with their ADHD partners long term would tell their younger selves before getting into the relationship? What expectations did you have at the beginning that have had to change? What mistakes were made? Unexpected struggles/challenges? But also the unexpected delights of being with someone with ADHD?
df025cebdaf2525151e910e1df8eaac9ec616bfadc550c10f3f6ae93cd869e7b;;;What are your tips and tricks for getting your ADHD partner to eat when they’re super busy;;;Hello!   My partner has been super busy with work and school lately. Today, I found out they’ve only been drinking one Ensure protein drinks per day and had one dinner in the past 3 days. Am obviously super worried but I know I can’t force the meals, especially since we are not currently living together.   The only idea on my mind right now is to send them more Ensure drinks but they may not remember to drink more than 1 per day.   Looking for your best or go-to tips and tricks to keeping your partner nourished when they’re super busy.
24625efdaaf89bf5f6ccdd177a46e0eccba60121ddb04b5025ed18dd38f48fb3;;;Positive note. I'm super proud and grateful for my adhd boyfriend, that I'm in lockdown with.;;;Our relationship was almost over. We have had one fight during this corona thing, because of cleaning where he had a meltdown and was very rude. But after I gave him space, and held my ground with that his reaction towards me not being okay, he apologized and took responsibility.   He hasnt helped cleaning yet - and for now thats okay. Because I can tell that he is really trying to be present with me, in this difficult time.  He does his own thing and plays computer, but when Ive told him I need a little attention and love, he gives it me. It has given me hope, that he can learn to consider me - and that when he shows me he is willing to do so, Im quickly satisfied and happy, and dont need a whole lot.  I hope we can keep up this positive path.
71e529e3ac96de45692c0d78ebeac2b6d4e8df06556d997f6fe5bc54360129c0;;;help needed please!!!;;;I need advice about an ADHD relationship. The individual in question has lovely qualities such as being spontaneous, creative, interesting to talk to, non-judgemental but there are huge problems too. I want to stay in the relationship but need some help from this community.  Here are the following problems.  1. He can say really hurtful things from time to time that put me down. I let it pass for 24 hours then bring it up. He immediately backs down and is caring. I'm not even aware sometimes of why he has said such things - it's like at the time of saying he was trying to get a rise out of me. 2. If I see him every few weekends, which is normally the case because it's a long distance relationship then we have a great time. If we live with each other for weeks at a time during the holiday periods then his general sense of frustration and irritability really gets me down because he's like an energy vampire. I get that is ADHD makes being out and about really disorienting and overwhelming but he always wants to stay in and watch TV or listen to music. The pretty much constant low moods really gets to me. He talks about how he has really fun times with his mates but I'm not sure I believe this since I know what he's like with me. 3. When he's feeling ok then we speak fairly regularly on the phone. When he's going through periods of high stress then he doesn't reply to messages or ring me back. This really hurts. 4. He is quite reserved and doesn't want to depend on anyone. But the irony of this is that he constantly uses people to get what he needs e.g. work colleagues, friends, family etc. I wish he could be more open about his needs so that I could help him. 5. He plays down the ADHD saying it's not that bad but it is. The denial is killing me because he doesn't see what I see.  &amp;#x200B;  All in all I feel confused. He tells me he loves me etc but his actions and words don't show this a lot of the time, which is why I feel insecure in the relationship.  &amp;#x200B;  Partners of people with ADHD -- do you sometimes thing that you are the only person who gets treated that way, and that your partner treats other people much better? Or do you think that your ADHD partner cannot help himself/herself and treats everyone the same way?  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks
def39e6fa6adf28ce1fa5856a4b4c51fb8485f2843cfdad7e12d8af63856ab44;;;Shared Google Calendar not working out;;;My husband (DX) and I have a very active social life, so there needs to be a lot of planning ahead, like work schedules, us spending evenings or weekends with friends, doing stuff independently from each other and taking time for each other. My go-to idea was a shared google calendar, so we’re both on the same page about what’s planned.  So... that’s not working...   Having a calendar is a massive pain for him and he just can’t keep it up to date with his stuff. He himself remembers all appointments and dates etc by heart, but i just can’t keep my schedule, his and ours in my head :(  How do you guys plan your shared life with your partners? Any ideas how to solve this?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;Is it unfair for me to ask my boyfriend for an open/poly relationship?;;;We have been monogamous but we have broken up alot. I feel like i identified my toxic behaviour by breaking up often, but he is still going strong 3 years in. Its about every other week that he leaves me. He does so whenever I get upset. He did so again about a week again and as always regretted it and want to work through it.  Problem is that he doesnt know how to have an emotionally honest mature conversation, and I for the first time havent had any energy left to do it for us again. I really love and adore him. He is a goof and I consider him family. But Im not having my needs met. After years of expressing them (and i really dont think rhey are too much) i either want to move on or figure out another way.   What i miss is conversations. It might sound stupid but i miss real conversation, where i can give and get things in return. I miss someone who wants to fuck me, not someone who only wants it when im asleep or if i have to hit on him. I miss someone who cares about my health and someone who can be honest with me.   I miss going out without it feeling like i have to carry the conversation. I miss someone who plans something in the future with me.  I cant imagine my life without him but soon i will have too. We have tried so many times and NOTHING has changed.   I think i could be as careless as he wants me to be, if i at the same time can have that emotional connection with someone else who like all that stuff.
e960d102b07becdaaee53fbba91326b8d25b4004576cdfb1bbd0550227991fa4;;;How to be attracted to him again;;;Husband (33/m )has been diagnosed in the last year and is finally starting meds soon. Long story short since we've all been there, I'm (29/f) trying to understand how to feel attracted to him again. All the years of caretaking and being neglected and feeling invisible has left me with literally zero desire to be physically close to him (I should mention we have a child, too, who thus far has no symptoms of ADHD, and we've been together for nearly a decade.) I'm honestly secretly hoping that his meds kill his sex drive because it is constant from him, but the environment caused by his untreated ADHD has me feeling unsafe emotionally and unwilling to express myself sexually. I am just not interested in any physical affection, i.e. don't hug me, don't kiss me, etc.. At the beginning of our relationship we had a really healthy sex life, but as mentioned, his symptoms (which we now know was ADD, particularly the inattentive type) have completely killed any sense of romance or attraction. His primary love language is physical affection and as his partner I want to respect that (though mine is quality time, and we know how that is likely to play out...), but it feels like I'm betraying my own sense of integrity when I personally don't want to because its not a feeling I'm organically having. By all measures, I should want to. He's a very attractive guy, I'm still in my 20s, we have a child together etc... But that spark is just gone.      So my question is for couples who seem to be working through it with therapy and meds, were you able to get back to that place? Maybe I'm in the minority for people who lost all physical attraction. Is it just like the books say and just "do it." Because I'd rather shove a spoon in my eye than have sex with him at this point.
d664bef5491e329914e812a08eec563979542ea351f28bc4d0fde0351b2d1c5a;;;I sometimes wonder whether my fiancé is just a jerk or if it's his diagnosis.;;;He's currently seeing a therapist for depression/anxiety/probable ADHD that he was treated for years by his PCP but his psychiatrist is hesitant to prescribe meds without a formal diagnosis. But for all intents and purposes, it seems like he probably does have ADHD (he's scheduled for formal testing next month), especially since things have been slightly worse since he got off the meds he was on (I can't remember what they were atm).  Anyway. I get SO frustrated because he rarely contributes around the house. I try not to accuse/blame, but for example. This weekend he said he would do 2 chores. I trusted him to get those chores done and didn't bother him about them even though I was cleaning all Saturday afternoon and he was watching a movie. Then on Sunday I had to be the nagging wife and keep reminding him to do them and he would get upset because he wants to do things on his own time. The problem is, if I don't remind him it just won't get done. He ultimately only did 1 of the 2 chores he said he would do and so I'm going to have to do chore #2 after work today.   On top of this- he doesn't clean up after himself. I spend at least 10 minutes of my day going around our apartment picking up cups, throwing away food packaging, and putting dishes in the dishwasher, because he just...doesn't. I've brought this up to him so many times and again, he says he wants to do it on his own time.   I try to be patient, but it's extremely frustrating. I guess I'm looking for advice on how to deal with this/ support if anyone goes through the same thing? And I hope I'm not coming off as a jerk, I'm just kinda at my wit's end here.
b588fe36b62f5044da4a7b190a4a8235a9dc1607b1745b262928980a87b3fc02;;;Hoping to get educated. Dating a guy with ADHD;;;I’m actually very new to this thread and I’m hoping to get educated by joining. Please don’t flame me if I misunderstood anything.  I’ve recently found out that the guy I’m seeing has ADHD and would like to know more about this situation. We’re not in an “official” relationship yet but I do think there are some parts of his ADHD that’s hindering our relationship from progressing further.   A little background is that this guy told me he wasn’t ready to be in a committed relationship because of his career. He wasn’t happy with it but as far as I can see wasn’t doing anything to change it either. While browsing through some other threads earlier, I can see that’s rather common, being paralysed by fear and being unable to focus.   Anyways I continued seeing him and we remained close. Even more so in the past couple of months (and especially weeks) when he finally told me he’s got ADHD. He wasn’t using it as an excuse but in hindsight it made sense with his somewhat “flaky” behaviour. Like he could be all over me one weekend, updating about the tiniest stuff. And then suddenly the next Monday he’s only “replying” my messages (like he replies, but not very responsive or inquisitive).   I’m certain he has feelings for me, but he’s the type of person who’ll shoulder his burdens quietly. Like he would very rarely let me know when something’s bothering him and most of the time I have to probe. How do I show him that I care and let him know I want to progress this relationship (accepting him for who he is)? And what are other general tips that you can give me, both in terms of showing support for him and for coping with his “flaky” attitude?
a79ff113263b141ff770845558efa82094645f6cd1cd73f0a7e2679d8ddad356;;;Does anyone feel like their life revolves around their partner to the point where you have no energy or any mood to connect with friends and family?;;;I have bpd so i tend to make my main focus on my partner. But id like to know if this happens to other people aswell.
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;SO Feeling Like I Don’t Prioritize Things That He Cares About. Needing Advice;;;My ADHD SO and I moved in together several months ago and the apartment still looks like we moved in last week because of the mess and my SO’s unpacked items everywhere.  My top priority is getting settled and I’ve told my SO countless times how upset I am that he seems perfectly fine living out of moving boxes which I have to rearrange to access the kitchen.  I recently got a promotion and have been very busy (therefore less able to do the “let’s both clean this together”) and things keep getting worse.  We’ve had several arguments about it.  Recently SO told me that I’m not appreciating all that he’s done already and that I’m ignoring his priorities and trying to make him focus completely on mine (him finally unpacking).   Here is why I’m frustrated.  “All of the things he’s done for me/apartment” are things like cooking me several spontaneous meals but then leaving the dishes for me to do and installing a new gaming system because there’s a game he really wants me to try playing because thought I’d like it (I rarely play video games...).   His “priorities” which he said he’s upset that I seem to not care about include repainting an porch chair to match the new apartment better, creating a gym and meal prep schedule for both of us (I’ve told him I don’t want to be a part of this endeavor but he won’t drop the idea of it being an “us” project), and putting in a speaker system so that we can listen to music continuously no matter what part of the apartment we’re in.  I really help.  He’s not listening to me, and I just want him to unpack his damn stuff and walk to the kitchen without having to maneuver through a maze of trash and random shit.  When I’ve tried to talk to him about this he gets hurt and says that I’m not valuing his priorities, and that his priorities are “mostly for me” (EVEN THOUGH I DO NOT WANT OR NEED ANY OF IT!!!!!).    Please help, I’m losing my mind.
ec6554f2a9640ec0dde051649ba889380e1850a5b088f1f33b31441f835453f7;;;from the adhd partner - thank you for this.;;;Between usually a combination of racing thoughts, social anxiety, dissociation from reality, and feeling as though I can’t function or love as well as a “normal” girl in my past relationships, this forum means the world. The fact that there is even a thread on the “quirks” you love about your adhd partner (things i figured were annoying..leaving the phone in the fridge!!!!) and how to quietly help throughout the day makes me feel so much more hope. Thank you for the extra patience and seeing your partner’s adhd as a not only tolerable but perhaps even interesting and unique and lovable. Again, thank you.   If you have any personal questions you would like to ask that you feel might come off the wrong way to your partner, feel free to ask me.  I. E.  “Why does he do this?” “What does it feel like when you?” “How can i confront them on this?” “Whats a date activity you enjoy that doesn’t require long term focus?”  Hopefully I can be as helpful as you all!
55c2c52d81022680f84608b4e1de1971e433818118d3a25ac1713d52f65c876f;;;Falling for someone with ADD/ADHD;;;Hello Everyone!  I'm a first time poster here and I've started to get more romantically involved with a girl who is DX with ADD/ADHD and I having severe Anxiety it has been a wild few months.   Background to how this happened our families have known each other for upwards of 20 years and we have known about each other for a couple years but only really started talking a few months ago and admitting that we liked each other about a month ago now.   She has recently had a bad breakup and some drama with another guy as a result of that messy breakup and over time of me helping her through it we started to slowly get more attracted to each other but due to our working shifts and bad weather (Midwest Bipolar weather) we haven't really been able to get together outside the hour Id see her at work before she would leave for the day. We have Facetimed a couple times when we had free time and text each other just about everyday.  I in the past had dated an ADD/ADHD (dx) and that was a really messy one relationship and if left me with a lot of doubt in my head. I've been seeing the same patterns again i.e Me leading conversations or more often me being the one to imitate the conversations but at the same time she does go out of her way to ask how I am and how my day is which my ex didn't do.  To save myself rambling too much I guess to put it that my bad past experience coupled with my anxiety has been really keeping my in a negative mindset from enjoying what could be something really good and I'm just unsure of how I should proceed forward.
44032c391c6c2a32a75c8fa496638a1a68706d066ee44d343d0f6a50ec2f8253;;;Distracted from sex - can someone please explain????;;;(29f) My DX’d unmedicated (29f) girlfriend gets distracted in the process of initiating sex and it makes me feel so confused and frustrated. She also has depression (medicated) and her interest in sex has been pretty low for years. I’m lucky if we have sex every 3 months. I have a very high sex drive. My girlfriend has indicated that while I am not disallowed to initiate sex, she’d generally prefer to becthe one to initiate since she has to be in the mood and I’m generally speaking always in the mood. Sex feels so high stakes because I want it all the time and rarely get it. A lot of the time we’ll come close to sex, she’ll start touching me or kissing me or getting really close to me, and then suddenly she gets distracted. Earlier she started touching me while watching a show and within 30 seconds of her starting to touch me the show ended and she immediately started playing video games and it was like nothing happened. I want to fucking cry. I’m trying not to take it personally but it’s so frustrating to feel like intimacy is so insignificant she can just get so randomly distracted. She’ll often touch me a lot and get me real riled up and get riled up herself and then suddenly just start doing something else. I end up feeling sad, and then frustrated, and then as a result of being left horny get angry. I don’t show my emotions when this happens so it’s not like I guilt her or anything. I’ve tried to bring up her doing this but she always says things like “I wasn’t planning on having sex “ or “I didn’t think about it”. I hate the feeling of gettin excited for her attention and then ending up feeling insignificant and rejected. I just want to hear if this is normal. My therapist says it is for people with ADHD and says she’s seen a lot of marriages and couples break up because of it but it’s not on purpose. I just want to hear it from someone with ADHD. I’ll be less frustrated if I can just understand itcbetter to try to not take it personally.
1f1262909aacf45cf85e634630f6207f4cfd6fa1c04a593181d006952b9c4807;;;The guy I'm seeing keeps going back and forth on the relationship.;;;So we have been in quarantine and doing long distance for awhile. When he wants to talk he is very intense and loving and very sweet, but then the next week he won't respond to me for a couple days and then ask for "space." He has done this about three times and I am getting frustrated. He says he has adhd and is unmedicated and I think has some issues controlling his emotions. I really like him but I don't know how many times I can handle him just disappearing on me. When we talk he basically acts like we are married, and then just ghosts me out of nowhere. His last partner did die after a long relationship so that may have some influence on this as well. I don't know what to do, as I really really care for him I just can't handle be tossed aside so frequently.
447217d2eaa7933fd978c9f5aaf4ebed1aa6da89e88e34fd3af5b8b0bcdec691;;;Codependency in partners of ADHDers;;;There's a lot of info on the connection between alcoholics and codependency in partners and family of alcoholics. Just curious if anyone sees that link in their attraction to or pattern with their ADHD partner, too. Something that came up in another reply I made had me thinking about this: something in the territory of feeling it's a familiar good duty to perform or that we feel gratified subconsciously for being useful and able, responsible, capable, etc, for someone (though at the same time clearly hugely resentful) when we are taking care of our partners in a way that can be disproprotionately parent-child rather than peer-to-peer (which, btw, can be death to your sex-life obv). Any children of alcoholics and/or narcissists in here? Anyone who has already put some thought into codependency? Didn't initially  think I was a codependent, I feel very independent in my self-image, but now think differently once exploring what it is all about. I guess just looking for community within community! Cheers all!
c9baecf611aaa6730c44e21820eb4684b57a316000093e7e2d085ac5ba816c5b;;;Russell A. Barkley: The Importance of Emotion in Understanding and Managing ADHD;;;I've come across some in depth lectures from Russell A. Barkley, explaining the process of how emotions work within ADHD. Keep in mind: it's written for professionals, so the content is pretty "dry", but I personally found the *willpower fueltank* diagram pretty interesting. It explains how selfregulatory strength, the ability to control strong emotions, is a limited resource pool. There are things that deplete that pool, and there are things that replenish it (you can skip to 1:29:43 for this part).  For those that don't mind the theory, he also talks about how emotional disregulation has been a part of the core diagnosis of ADHD in the past (DSM), and how it shifted to comorbidities such as ODD (oppositional defiant disorder).   [The lecture (free)](http://adhdlectures.com/lecture-view.php?LectureID=16)
c187bc5d8f10a4b42b2101a7fc367a4e41c859a7b1ebc002589f494d977c9cf0;;;Any resources for a newbie?;;;Hi all!  My husband and I have been married for almost a year now, and while I've always noticed he had little quirks and he's self-professed many times that he thinks he might have ADHD, it's never been "bad" enough where it's caused major issues.  Some examples of these smaller quirks: Unless he really concentrates, he can't make it through a whole movie or TV show without reading on his phone or multitasking at the same time. He gets easily  frustrated with little things, like not being able to find a remote or losing an online match. He gets REALLY obsessed with hobbies, like sports, video games, etc.  He won't remember anything I ask him to do unless I repeatedly ask him or add it to his calendar. He knows he forgets everything so he *has* to add it to his calendar otherwise it leaves his brain the minute he turns around.  Which brings us to the major issue... I've always felt like his focus was rarely on me. Every spare moment he has, he fills it with something that interests him at the moment. Whether it's reading an article on his phone (he has an RSS feed set up so it's never-ending), watching a video game stream, or watching sports highlights. We've had many repetitive conversations over the years where I've broken down sobbing, feeling like I'm not a priority and he doesn't seem interested at all in what I have to say. I asked him if he knew what shows I was watching, what books I'm reading, or friends that I've talked to. Poor thing had no clue. And these were all things I'd mentioned multiple times over the days and weeks beforehand.  Thing is, he's so goddamn sweet. I know he tries. He's loves me SO MUCH in his own way. He'll set reminders to plan dates for us, he'll do all of the chores he's assigned. If we have a conversation where I ask him to pay more attention to me, he'll try his darndest to do so (for about 2.5 days until habit takes over again...)  I've been feeling so tired and dejected lately. We're trying for a baby, but it feels like I'm alone in it. He's operating on life as usual, focused on his own things, while I'm the one who's dealing with negative pregnancy tests, ovulation tracking, and scheduling sex in because if I don't, he'll forget. He's starting to recognize he has a problem, but we're not making any progress at all.  Sorry this has gotten so long! Are there any resources for someone who's just discovering what ADHD is all about? I purchased a copy of the ADHD Effect on Marriage by Melissa Orlov. I'm wondering if there are any online resources I can read (and potentially send to my husband) in the meantime? Thank you!
b4a13fe733fadc5ccfdfce5a233f17edec9c676bd22a0168188d0f242eaea087;;;How to keep being that shiny new toy to our partner?;;;In a 2 year LDR with a 44yr old ADHD man. We see each other every other week, talk on the phone 1-2x a week, text daily. We’ve had some serious ups and downs because I’m only just now, as of this week, thanks to this community, starting to understand how his brain works. I couldn’t understand how he would be so ‘into’ me when we’re together but feel as if I didn’t exist when we’re apart. I took every action (or, inaction) very personally, and it tore me apart every time I felt dismissed or invalidated. I have my own set of issues (MDD, GAD, PTSD from childhood trauma), so every time I was ignored/forgotten about/request for change rejected, it felt like little tiny deaths and a reinforcement of all the times I was rejected as a child. So first and foremost, I want to thank this community for all the sharing because it’s really helping me to start to change my perspective and try to be more understanding/tolerant of how his mind is working. I’ve ordered some of the recommended books on the topic and am eagerly awaiting their arrival.  Now, looking for some advice on how we NT partners can be the shiny object throughout the relationship instead of just at the beginning. I know that on some level, the distance works to our advantage-when we get together, things are amazing (which, besides him being a great person overall, is why I’ve hung on this long, because believe me, almost every week I have wanted to run fast and far). It’s because of the ‘out of sight, out of mind’ factor that we have had sooo many issues, and clearly, that’s our situation the majority of the time. I’m not a huge phone talker (on the phone for work all the time, everyone has their limit), and things are often misconstrued via text, which is another challenge. So, with the long periods between visits, his inability to keep me in the forefront of mind, my love language being words/touch/time which he isn’t capable of supporting very well, we’ve had some serious (and I mean serious) battles. So how does one stay that shiny new toy so some of the needs are being met, especially from afar?
820c5da5b88440a62959072c67f844963f4d05392d01e9ee8e7cb247740e0917;;;How do you deal with the mornings?;;;Boyfriend of 4 years acknowledges that he might have ADHD and is in the process of getting a diagnosis. We’ve worked through a lot of hard things but sleep is really killing us. He refuses to follow any sleep hygiene advice, consistently claiming “nothing works” for him. In the mornings I’m up first, he snoozes for anywhere from 30 minutes to 2 hours. Some days he’s asleep the entire time. Some days he’s talking to me but an hour later he can’t remember the conversation. Am I the problem? Do I need to just let this go? I try to encourage him to do the bare basics - waking up and falling asleep at the same time each day, not playing video games in bed, etc, but it seems like I’m fighting a losing battle and I don’t know what to do anymore.
f7be81dc1d59ebdc69603c1ec3a21c9f7a842b814639e682d1fb719c1d53c919;;;Boundaries;;;So it’s more of a vent but I’m known to be very hands on with my relationships. I love doing things for my partner and it should come natural to me, but I end up feeling like taken advantage of cause I don’t get the same treatment back. So I’ve been trying to create boundaries where I’m not mothering and doing everything so he can do it himself. He brought home important documents, and I advised him to put it where the files go so that it doesn’t get misplaced. He says he needs to go to the bathroom and I said just put it in that general vicinity so you don’t forget and it gets lost. And he says he really needs to go and I said I’m gonna end up doing it if you don’t. And he says then don’t I’ll do it. I guess he really needed to go to the bathroom. He comes back and the documents been sitting on my bed side and he laid down and relaxed when he got up I gave him the documents and told him to put it there, and he says you didn’t do it for me? And I said no cause I don’t want to be your mom (just to note we read about the dynamic and how it can cause a toxic dynamic) and do everything for you when you can do it. And he says you didn’t do it for me? I do a lot of things for you. I just sat there quiet and I ended up feeling like I need to do it.. and then he said okay give it to me and finally does it. And left angrily. Now I’m angry. Am I being overreactive?
3577565b1b890157d24911006f578d20a5eeff3213cf5fd204a308e545d31f11;;;Anger and ADHD;;;My bf (20) just got diagnosed with ADHD recently. He has yet to go on any medications so I’m hoping that will help. He always bursts out in anger or frustration and I hate feeling like I’m walking on eggshells sometimes. He would never hurt me or anything like that but there’s been times in the past where he says really rude things and is extremely mean when we have heated arguments, he always ends up regretting it saying it feels like something takes over his brain. In public if people piss him off he gets SO frustrated and it kills his mood. He tends to get in arguments with people easily and if someone pisses him off, his mood is down the whole day. He’s never able to keep a good rapport at work, he’s quit or been fired from a few jobs and seems to always have an issue or beef with someone. I find it to be an extremely unattractive trait and it makes me reconsider things sometimes... I love him and this isn’t all the time but it’s been happening for years and I just the other day found out that adult men with ADHD tend to have problems like this and it explains a lot since he just got diagnosed with it finally. Has anyone experienced issues like this with their partner and once they went on meds did it help?
d3b1b0ccce3af6fa4e689707769882064c6231360ea052c4c1afea1d1c6b7250;;;Together ~3 years, both [26F/29M) have ADHD, WTF just happened? Chores &amp; mental load/gender roles/ADHD;;;We’ve been moving out of our apartment and into a new one 6 blocks away for the last month. Recently I had to go out of town for a work conference. I came back after 4 days and found that he had made zero progress on unpacking or moving things from the old place to the new one, hadn’t done dishes or emptied the dishwasher, and didn’t remember to pick up our CSA vegetables.  Here’s the text thread that became an explosion:  Me: Did you get the CSA last week?  Him: fuck  nah  completely forgot about it  Me: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/may/26/gender-wars-household-chores-comic  I’m not mad about the CSA at all but it just reminded me to share this and note that us both having ADHD complicates this a lot  We’re gonna need systems, and I want to get our own lives down before we add pets or kids  Though actually on that note, coming home to the house the way it was after being gone 4 days was frustrating  Him: I think it's very unfair of you to imply that you do the majority of the planning.  That's pretty offensive to be honest  Me: I mean you don’t see those as two good examples? I was gone and nothing moved around the house, our food didn’t get picked up, and I’ve been trying to get us to go grocery shopping for weeks and tried to create a tool that would help us. I’ve suggested chore charts in the past to help us systemize aka take planning out of our heads  I didn’t want to make you defensive about this just wanted to agree to work on it. I think we both need to support each other cause it’s something that’s extra hard  Him: Those are two anecdotes. You don't think I have to anecdotes from my point of view? I'm not mad about wanting a system, I'm not mad that you were irritated about coming home to a messy house, I'm mad that you think it's a systemic injustice against you when I have just as many examples of feeling the same way  Me: Ok well it is a systemic injustice for women not just me  You are also a dude and the relationships between men and women tends to lean that way  I’m trying to point out that this is harder and more complicated for us  Him: It's a problem when you apply statistics to individuals  Me: They apply to individuals but I understand we’re not perfect stereotypes  This is a stereotype that can apply to us and what I’m saying is it’s harder and more complicated because we both have trouble planning  I don’t know why you’re being #notallmen don’t clean about this  Him: Wow  Ok I’m done bye
5b5f74f13af54aa4f0d7781215e5c55c9f74a119ed629860e3b549a5396ad1ef;;;My partner can't handle it when I'm sad or grumpy. Is this an adhd thing?;;;When he is struggling and is short or cold or snaps or just doesn't respond to what I'm saying enthusiastically, I don't say a word. I always let him be grumpy because usually it passes.   90% of the time i am grumpy and go quiet, suddenly I'm really "rude" and he goes quiet in response, and when I come out of my funk, he stays in his. I've takes it personally. Instead of just standing by my side while I ride the wave he makes it into a thing.   He has had a fucked life. So much abandonment and death in his family. I'm all he has. Sometimes I wonder if maybe its that? Every other orphans I've been close too has been a rocky journey because they have such high expectations of me. Especially if I'm their only support network.  Could this be that? Is it ptsd and fear of abandonment? Or is this common with adhd?   I know he cares deep down, but its like in the moment he cant socially grasp what I need when I'm upset or grumpy.   If I'm grumpy and I snap a tiny bit, they just back off and give me a second, or just hand me a cup of tea. Usually I come back and say sorry for snapping and they get it. We move on.   I wish my partner could do this for me. I feel like I have to stay strong for the both of us.  I'm always the one that initiates affection after a fight. Even if its a fight about something he has done to me. I always end up comforting him.
4f5a104d5674767b704b899ff196e4415ae922054a21fe17a9012ca05606e157;;;Dx SO refuses to get treatment/help;;;I’m so exhausted. My son turned 8m today and I completely lost it during one of his tantrums because I’m so done being responsible for him AND his father.   The only thing I ever ask SO to do is to do the dishes and don’t throw his clothes around. Well, he just leaves his clothes where he took it off, leaving it for me to pick it up, and he takes one hour to wash three glasses and a few plates. Then he says he’s exhausted because “he does so much in the house after work”. Now he started to leave the bloody masks (the ones we use to help avoiding the disease that put us into lockdown!!!!) wherever he took it off, like the clothes. When I confront him about it all he just says it’s the ADHD and he can’t change who he is. Whenever I tell him I’m tired he makes it about him. Everything is about him.   I’m literally on my last string here because he blames EVERYTHING on ADHD (even when he cheated) and yet he refuses to get medication/treatment because he said he took it when he was 14 and it made him lethargic. But damn it’s been more than 15 years!! Treatments improved, there’s different medicines.  I don’t know what to do anymore. I seriously need advice or someone to talk to.
038fba767f474c8f410ee267cc938b8fd01e544e0200a63673c1c366a17e79ea;;;ADHD vs Excuses;;;Hi, I've been with my partner for 4 years now and we are more or less a happy couple.  She was diagnosed early on in the relationship, so its nothing new. We were both learning about adhd and navigating through life.  My question comes into play since about a year ago when we moved in together. She doesn't share with me any "cute" messages or couply things as she used to. We don't talk much during the day due to working (both wfh) and our only time together is spent watching TV. In the beginning I've tried initiating conversations and asking about her. But she answers with one word answers and doesn't ask things back. Honestly it's just being distant.   We've had conversations and she is working with an adhd coach and a therapist. But instead of seeing any improvements, we are more distant and she only initiates any meaningful interaction when she needs something (like me to cook dinner when hungry or to grocery shop).   When we address this, she says it is because of her adhd and just a symptom of that, but I am starting to wonder if there is more to it than just that. With her working with people to help with adhd, it's difficult for me to understand why things are worsening between us. I ask her what I can do to help or if we should brainstorm strategies to work together on a compromise (we always try meeting 75-25 instead of 50-50 since I know things are much harder for her) but even that she refuses and I have no idea what is going on inside her head.  Does anyone have similar experiences or advice that could help me out, or ideas on supporting her if she does need it?
6d645f49b1d7da1cdc5f39db088f06b025b566470116b317643a4d6942ed7b24;;;I’m really down in the dumps;;;I just discovered this reddit! I’m 29, married for 6 years. I have a 9 month baby girl and a kindergartener girl.  When we were on the brink of divorce this past summer, I googled why my marriage failed, and adhd came up. My husband was diagnosed as a kid, but has not been treated since. I didn’t know how much adhd encompassed until I came upon this adhd marriage stuff.  Anyways since our rediscovery, we’ve moved out of my parents place into a new place and started my daughter and our life in our permanent neighborhood. It’s great here!  My husband has been working on his adhd, doing research, he’s tried a couple different meds but he is currently off meds. And I can’t tell if that is why I feel so miserable lately. He’a unresponsive to my concerns, and he thinks I’m trying to control him. I’m just looking for a partner to work together on our budget and saving money, and I feel like I’m by myself. I suggested we give both ourselves a set weekly budget to spend however we see fit. This way I don’t nag him about spending another $8 on a 10th pair of nail clippers because he can’t find a pair and didn’t bother to ask me for help to find them. And so I don’t feel upset when he buys chipotle for the 5th time this week while I’m eating leftovers and ramen. He said he wants to manage it himself. He thinks if I have ANY hand in his actions, that I’m momming him, and it’s going to tank our marriage.  I know some of this stuff is clearly one-sided opinions, and my anger coming out. But I’m just so sad and frustrated. It seemed to be working well these past few months, but these past couple weeks have been unconsiously hard. I just want to feel like I’m not fighting this adhd fight alone and I can’t do it beside my husband. I’m not really sure what I’m looking for. Comments please!
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Vent/Guilt Post;;;I am feeling guilty about letting my anxiety get the better of me and treating my boyfriend badly for things I know are a huge struggle for him. I just need to get it out so here it is.  Last year was our first Christmas I ended up spending 2/3rds of the day alone waiting for my boyfriend to wake up and travel back home from his family's house because of a lack of communication about plans. I was very upset then and wanted to avoid a similar situation this year.   About a month before Christmas this year I started casually asking what the plans would be. I have anxiety and plans changing last minute is a huge trigger for me so I try and avoid it as much as possible even though I know things just happen sometimes and I have to learn to roll with it. I would asking him in person and over text the who's, what's, where's, and when's.   Finally about a week before Christmas I thought I had got the proper info. We would be going to his father's side of the family and then from there to his mothers side where we sleep over into Christmas Day. This is what he did last year so it made sense to me.   Since my parents are visiting my brother across tue country, I made arrangements for my sister to visit us on the 23rd so she wasn't completely alone this holiday. This was not an ideal day for either of us to see each other for various reasons but we made it work since it was our only option to see each other.   While she was visiting I find out that we will not be seeing his mother's side of the family at all and that we would only be spending Christmas Eve with his father's side before going home same night. I got pretty worked up about and couldn't let it go in front of my sister even though he clearly felt bad about not being able to communicate these plans to me "properly".   I was upset because if I had known, my sister could have visited on actual Christmas Day which would have saved her money and us both time. I have met his fathers side of the family a few times but his mothers side only once. Considering he grew up day to day with his mothers side I was really looking forward to spending tome together with them and taking part in their cute little Christmas festivities I had heard about.   His closest sister is pregnant and I missed the baby shower completely because I found out about it the night before and I generally feel that I am missing all these chances to connect with them because I'm never in the know due to my boyfriend not seeing any of it as things worth telling me about until it's too late.   After I calmed down some and my sister left I felt really guilty about being so upset over the miscommunication of plans. I thought I had finally figured out a way to work around this struggle but clearly I have not. He does not have any good ideas on how we can avoid this in the future and neither do I.  It can be very frustrating when I have to be vigilantly in check with my own mental "quirks" so that I do not make him feel awful about his own. I have come to terms, as I always do, with the plan change but I still feel bad for not being more understanding in the moment.   TLDR: My Boyfriends struggles to communicate future plans triggers my anxiety about last minute changes in plans. After my anxious panic subsides, I feel guilty for being upset with him over stuff that are a serious hardship for him. It is usually embarrassing for us both.
