00fa4ecd1a06ecb6d50f6dddefc0f8efc90c07bec0a27ae0117a98486bb230a0;;;Best reminder tips?;;;Hi all  I'm a lurker here, just commented on a few things but never actually posted something, so hopefully this isn't yet another post on the same topic.  While reading through this sub, I don't think I saw a post with tips and tricks on how to help your SO remind stuff, in order to take some pressure of yourself (the non-adhd).   I wanted to share some of my tips on how I (25F) try to remind my boyfriend (M29) of stuff he needs to do. We're still looking for more ways to help ourself and the relationship, so I'd love to hear your tips!   * put his car keys in the fridge when he needs to take yesterday's leftovers as lunch. Either I tell him to put them there (and nag until he does) or I put them there and tell him. Mostly I'll get a message in the morning asking where his keys are, but it means I don't need to remind him to take his lunch, I just need to reply to a message which takes the effort off me :)   * put post-its on the front door   * use a collaboration app for groceries (we use the app 'Bring', but there are probably tons of others). We agreed that I will make the list, and with the app he can easily tick off what he already bought in the store and he barely forgets an item!   * we have a dedicated travel bag for toiletries and cables. These bags are not used unless for travelling. It helps with the 'did I forget something?' stress and the 'did he bring it?' stress  * we have a shared calendar for meetings with friends, holidays etc, but keep in mind that too much information there can be a bit overwhelming. My boyfriend turned off his notifications when I put in too much information, which is counterproductive of course.   * we have a 'to do' board in our kitchen with magnetic strips and the task. We sit together every week for 10 minutes, check our meetings with friends/family and adjust the schedule so we both think it's feasible.   * we're looking into block planning (I'm not sure this is the correct term). I'm planning on taking some fixed time blocks to do household chores with a set timer (so maybe 1h) and see how much we can get done. I'm not sure if this will work, if someone has tried this before please let me know!    Hopefully, people who are struggling can find something useful here :) please don't refrain from posting things you tried that did NOT work at all, it might also be useful!
