01c9f7cdc66e2d4e2856861285ee7eedff550e1392fa798208559e196364ad28;;;ADD Husband lying or not lying? I don't know what's true anymore.;;;Hi all,  As some of you know I've struggled with my Husbands stories changing from one time to another. I feel that it's reached new levels or maybe I'm just becoming obsessed by it.  I wanted advice and to see if anyone else had gone through this.   My Husband was talking about someone from his past and how often he used to message them. He said it used to be every couple of weeks it turned out it wasn't it was in fact roughly every week. Now this isn't the problem as I know he has time lapses, everyone does. But he then went on to say I didn't remember it being like that and that if they had messaged him constantly for a week a few years ago he would remember due to the frequency of the messages. I flat out refused to believe that as I'm sure nobody can remember how often someone text them 4 years ago.  The idea that someone would remember this that many years ago doesn't seem right.  So I then asked him if one of his friends messaged him for a whole week recently and he said no,  I then had to prove to him that he did just so my Husband would believe me that logically speaking you wouldn't remember something insignificant like that as you get distracted and are busy with other stuff throughout the week.  He also likes to tell me he remembers things 100% Now I'm one of these people that does generally have a good memory and if you say you remember a 100% it's a given. But he says it about unrealistic things. He said 100% what he remembers doing and what he doesn't remember doing sexually with his ex partner of 5 years ago. Again how can you remember such specifics from first date till the point you guys broke up? Finally he's agreed today that although he doesn't remember it he supposes he can't be a 100% sure. And that's the thing I don't want him to be a 100% sure, I just don't want him to tell me he is when you physically can't be about things like that from that many years ago cause then it makes me have really bad anxiety that he's lying to me on purpose.  Also I'm sure he doesn't do this anymore but when we used to argue years ago he would download porn and then delete it. He used to openly watch porn which again had no issue with but I never understood why he'd delete the stuff he'd downloaded if we had argued. He said he'd just download it as a comfort and to make himself worthless but would then delete it cause he felt stupid and embarrassed.   Anyone else going through any of the above?
01c9f7cdc66e2d4e2856861285ee7eedff550e1392fa798208559e196364ad28;;;ADHD partner lied and immediately told the truth.;;;Hi all.  As far as I know my partner hasn't lies since as he seems very honest if I ask him something.  We only found out at the beginning of the year that he has ADHD so he went 40 years undiagnosed.   In the beginning of our relationship he'd get confused a lot, be careless with timing and also would forget things. I was a bit of a nightmare and am a stickler for dates past and present so if he couldn't remember something and in what time scale it happened I'd get annoyed as I could remember these things. I'm not proud of it but I was a nightmare in the beginning and have worked on myself a lot to become a better person not just for us but for me.   Anyway in the beginning I asked him something and he lied. I knew he was lying but imeadiatly after he lied he told me the truth. Literally within seconds of lying he told me the truth and said he didn't know why he lied but that he was scared of me overreacting.  I'm just curious is this something that you've noticed in your partner. Does the ADHD sometimes express itself this way?   Many Thanks Kirsty.
01c9f7cdc66e2d4e2856861285ee7eedff550e1392fa798208559e196364ad28;;;ADHD husband gives different answers to same question?;;;Hi all,  Have just gotten my Husband to join up as I think the support from others may help him as he gets very frustrated with himself and it's hard to watch.   He was only diagnosed at 41 at the beginning of this year and we're just learning about him and I want him to know that he's not alone in his thought process etc.  Sometimes if you ask him a question or about a memory he'll give you a different answer to what he originally gave say 6 months before.  It doesn't happen all the time but sometimes.  Sometimes he'll remember the information but then sometimes he won't remember the information to the same question so he'll either say he doesn't remember at that moment or try to find the answer and it might be different.  Before he was diagnosed it used to cause issues. Since his diagnosis he seems to get more frustrated with himself.  I just want some advice from others and reassurance in a way if the above happens with you partners too?
