02ae876172a852bfbbe55fecb013cf4d5a1460d7304c410de9cfe235b1b50e88;;;Anyone else have a slightly controlling partner? (23M DX);;;I'm 24, and slowly it's kind of been feeling like I'm not allowed to enjoy things anymore.  &amp;#x200B;  He won't let me play league of legends when I want to, I have to sneak games in when he's not around but it's too much effort and his belittling of the game has made me lose a lot of interest in it. He won't let me watch anime when he's not around (BECAUSE I MIGHT WANT TO WATCH THE ANIME YOU WATCH) and when he is around, he's too absorbed in hours of youtube videos of smash brothers/general video game content (he's trying to get in to the local smash scene) to watch any anime at all with me.   &amp;#x200B;  I am the house keeper, but I like doing it. I have DX OCD and it makes me feel calmer when I have something to sort or clean. I just wish he wouldn't be so rude about it either. Just yesterday he bluntly told me, without any tone in his voice to convey a joke and actually kind of sounding quite upset over it, "We have A SINGLE fork, when are you going to fix that?" when he could've just asked me nicely to unload the dishwasher. He's just been kind of getting subtley more rude as he speaks to me and I don't appreciate how it's going. It started out as small stuff, like if I wore his shirts after sex and we went to get fast food, he would notice holes in the shirts I wore and ask me to fix it. Lately it's been more of an "UGH NICE SHIRT, WHERE'D YOU GET IT?" and when I respond with "YOUR laundry that I CLEANED for you", he'll just walk away in a huff or find a shirt on the floor (that he tosses there even though I have put an effort in to putting a laundry basket AND garbage basket IN EVERY ROOM OF OUR APARTMENT THAT MAKES SENSE TO TAKE YOUR CLOTHES OFF IN TO GET HIM TO STOP THIS) and toss it at me, barking at me to "fix it".  I have to put HIS clothes away in an order that makes sense to HIM and FOLD all his laundry (before him I'd just toss it in a drawer cuz I can't give literally two shits about wrinkles that take half a second to steam out) before I put it away. He won't even let me play some video games with the sound slightly down or off; I'm very sensory sensitive and this has caused me to not want to play video games all that much anymore at all, because some games have ABSOLUTE GARBAGE sound equalization and it hurts my ears.   &amp;#x200B;  Recently, we got in to a fight because I like to use private internet browsing on my phone. He's already gotten me to stop using it on my laptop (so he's going to see this post when he gets home from work; he's constantly going through my internet history/reddit messages/facebook notifications/etc) but he started pitching a huge fit when he saw I was using private browsing on my phone about 6 months ago. I don't like using general browsing, it makes me safer to use private because my dad raised me to be aware of internet safety and security. His response was that he has huge paranoid fits, and how is he going to be able to check to see what I'm doing if I have private browsing on all the time? If I loved him, I would stop using private browsing so much.  &amp;#x200B;  I kinda feel like I'm not allowed to have my own interests anymore, and he shames me when I try to develop interests that I know he'll drop like a hot rock because he's too easily distracted to be able to follow up on them. I love him to death but every time I try to tell him I want to do things like watch anime or use private browsing, he'll tell me I don't love him/that I'm not a professional (the private browsing thing: I tried to tell him that it would just be enabling his paranoid condition if I just bent to his whims so easily, he said I wasn't a professional so I can't tell him what's good and bad for his paranoia even though I've been through paranoid episodes and have been through treatment for them)  &amp;#x200B;  Does anyone else deal with this and how do you overcome it?
