03025d290e1c7c7fe5f1d3398b7a9c0ccfdab3c520308f17e74baf5e2e4bbc75;;;Mourning the end of our journey;;;It'll be 7 years together in March and I feel like I've spent the last 4 years thinking the same things. I think it could be over and I'm not sure how to process it. (F22 &amp; M25)  In the last year I've done immense work on myself - therapy, meds, and starting my own side hustles. I've reached a whole new level of growth and independence for me. While I can tell that he has been trying very hard to pull himself up; it simply isn't working. Countless medication changes, plateauing depression, anxiety, ADHD, suspected ASD, extreme stress in his doctorate program, exhausting weekend shifts at work, and the inability to prioritize not only himself but "us" - I think I've just hit a point of complete disconnection romantically.   I can really see why it is hard for him. He has a lot on his plate. Most of us do in this day and age. But even when downtime is available nothing changes. If anything it accelerates.   9.9/10 times I initiate intimacy I'm met with his wall of anxiety and roadblocks. Initiation from his side seems to be a rare occurrence. 2+ nights a week I'm alone while he crams his exam studying in until 4am - other nights I end up alone in bed as he's playing video games until 2am. Every other weekend he works 10 hr days and comes home with his daily 6pm medication crash. He regularly picks up shifts he isn't scheduled for and his schooling keeps his mind occupied 7 days a week. He also joined a fraternity for his program a day after we had a big talk about time together. I'm responsible for 99% of the household chores, but I have my own work to handle as well. Deep conversation is a gateway to overwhelming emotions and spontaneous adventures are met with snappy attitudes.   We now have our own rooms in our townhouse and I'm slowly implementing our separation. I'm devastated and yet feel responsible somehow. It's lonely as a couple. There is only so much I can take as a partner. I feel so guilty to think these things as I see him struggling. I care about and love him very deeply. Deep down he really is a good man and a great friend, and I think that makes it so much harder. I'm always trying to convince myself that it's horrible for me to break it off for those reasons, but it's also ok to accept that sometimes as much as you want something to work, and as much as you try, sometimes, it might not end up the way you were hoping. 7 years is a long time. Letting that go will be one of the hardest things I've done.
