032ac901af61242318d48790c10f216c3216ee31577c78782cc2b3a6cdf2815e;;;There's mice in my apartment now because he leaves old food on the floor;;;I've been lurking here awhile, I believe my partner of over a year is undiagnosed after looking up his symptoms for hours and seeing the stories posted in this sub. Obviously I can't be sure since I'm not a doctor, but too many things add up that lead me to believe my boyfriend might have adhd.  I try to be supportive and sympathetic, because at the end of the day he is super loving, kind, generous and honestly one of the most amazing guys I've ever dated. With that being said, seeing two mice hanging out by his bag in my room is finally pushing me to post here for some support.  My boyfriend stays with me pretty much 24/7, his side of the room is much messier than mine but it's still lightyears better than what he allowed to happen in his apartment. I just kind of accepted the fact that I'd bear the brunt of the housework because I'm very clean naturally and honesty don't mind doing most of it if it means getting done the way I like it. But this is too much. I texted him immediately and asked if he had food in his bag to which he replied he has peanut butter and an old sandwich. I'm so grossed out because I can handle doing most of the dishes and being the one to make the bed every morning and things like that, but I'm finding it unacceptable that he has old food in my room that is now attracting mice. I don't know enough about adhd to truly understand this behavior, but it's frustrating beyond words. The trash can is like 7 feet away. This morning I went to throw out some receipts and I saw he had thrown his oatmeal packets into the trash half-assed so it was sticking out of the bag and some leftover oatmeal was sticking to the trash can rather than being emptied directly into the bag. It is constant shit like this that pushes me to the edge. Just take the extra 2 seconds to do it right! It's always stuff like that where if he just took less than a minute to do the task correctly the first time he wouldn't have to redo it over and over.    The only time he's been upset with me is when he says it sounds like I'm talking to him like a child. But guess what, if he's not going to act like the 32 year old man that he is and clean up after himself then what choice do I have? When he cooks dinner and absolutely trashes the kitchen, I have to ask him to get off the bed and off his phone to help me put everything away and clean all the sauces/gunk off the surfaces. Recently I spent an hour scrubbing down the shower to get it super clean and by the end of the day he had stuck all his shower hairs to the walls and toothpaste was stuck on the floor.  When other people post similar stories on here I know some of the responses encourage a serious re-evaluation of the relationship. But he has stuck by me through some really tough life changes, and goes out of his way to help me in other ways. I don't want to give up this relationship, but there comes a point where he has to step it up, even if it's difficult. I'm sorry, but that's just life. I suffer from severe anxiety and it used to impact my ability to get to work on time. But I knew that I couldn't get a pass on being there when I needed to be because of my anxiety, so I learned how to take necessary steps to work around it.   Even though these seem like minor issues on paper, I find myself on alert pretty often, like following him around to close the cabinets he leaves open. Or buying my roommate new toothpaste because he continuously uses hers instead of the one I bought for us despite reminding him daily which is ours. Sorry this is so long, I'm just so stressed out right now because it is literally constant. How can I help him while expressing my growing need for support in this area of our relationship?
