0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;Weight Loss Question;;;My husband (although currently we are in a weird area of our marriage but love him still) has is diagnosed and is medicated but I’m starting to feel very very worried. Like to the point where I am crying I’m so worried. He’s taking vivance and lexapro and I don’t know if it’s just the combination of the two or what but he has lost an INSANE amount of weight and very fast too. He forgets to eat ALL the time and I know he has very little appetite because of his meds but I honestly feel like I am watching my best friend starve himself and the way his arms look and he just... man he is just so insanely thin and I know he hates it too. I know he hates it when people compliment on his weight loss so he acknowledges it too but has anyone else experienced something similar to this?
0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;Am I a fair weather wife?;;;I (31f) have been with my husband (29m/Dx/med) for about 7 years all together but married for about a year and a half. He was diagnosed with ADHD about a year and a half ago and is taking vyvanse for it. He’s also taking a sleep aid medication as well as an antidepressant.   I don’t know if it’s just the quarantine or if I am just crazy or something but I just...don’t feel like he loves me as much anymore. Some of you may have seen my comment in the weekly vent thread about hating his computer but at this point I don’t think it’s healthy for me to think about bashing his computer office space style.   I’ve been in this cycle with him for years now. He says we will contribute more to the house, does for about 2 days, forgets, tension builds tension builds tension builds, I break down and cry, he says he will do better and contribute more and the cycle just starts all over again.   Look, I’m not perfect either. I’m lazy and sometimes I don’t do shit in the house for a while either. But I always make sure that our bills are due on time, that the garbage goes out, the animals are fed, wake up for work on time. But for a lot of things, I have to ask him multiple times to do it. And his computer comes into play here because he’s always gaming. And wearing his cancelling headphones. We go to couples therapy and the topic of his computer and noise cancelling headphones has come up time and time again. He got speakers for his computer about a week ago now and he still hasn’t set it up.   I mentioned in my vent comment about how I go to sleep alone practically every night, our sex life is basically non existent. We know each other’s love languages and he never meets mine while I try my hardest to meet his. But idk maybe he does meet mine and I just don’t see it.   I’m trying to give him some grace here. He has been with me through some hard shit. I’ve lost a lot of friends these last few years to sudden deaths, overcoming my own trauma with my family and going to therapy for it, my previous job was really hard on me and made me sick and he’s been there through all of that. He says he doesn’t want to feel like I owe him for what he has done for me, and that it’s understandable that I have reached my boiling point. I feel like I need to tough through this and be there for him as much as I can but I just feel like we are so distanced from each other. Despite us working from home.   I’m starting to feel like I’m a fair weather wife. Like I’m suggesting a divorce or separation because I just can’t feel like his mother anymore. But I need to show more patience and better understand his ADHD and that none of the things he does, is an intentional act to hurt me but it still hurts. I just don’t even know what to do at this point anymore. I just don’t want to be in this cycle. What would you do?
0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;I cannot keep reminding you;;;One of the things I’ve been working on with myself about working with my dx husband is that I am not responsible for his actions. I’ve even met with his therapist and was directed that I need to be more hands off with him. So for instance I don’t wake him up for work anymore. It’s his responsibility. I remind him of things a couple of times but then I am hands off. It’s hard for me to do that but it’s also important because I can’t keep being his caretaker. Well for Christmas I shopped and bought all our niece and nephews and his family presents, I wrapped all of them, figured out what time we needed to be at his families socially distanced Christmas. I just did a lot. I’ve been doing a lot. Well because I did all this stuff for Christmas, and I am currently having cramps and it’s my time of the month right now so I am in general just really not able to be in the ring on some things. So he offered to take our dog to her grooming appointment today. And I told him what time and I reminded him before bed that she needed to be there at 11 yadda yadda. And I told myself and him that this is his responsibility. Well I woke up and started watching a movie so I too lost track of the time and when I looked at the clock it was 11:15 and he had still not woken up and I’m just so mad. I’m mad you guys. I know I’ve posted here before but I am mad. I feel like I live with a fucking child sometimes. Our house is just a fucking wreck. I’m responsible for it too but goddamn. I feel like I carry this family and this happens so often and I hate it. Our marriage is and has been on the rocks. I’m not even sexually attracted to him that much anymore because of not only my own self esteem issues but I feel like a mom to him and that doesn’t make me feel good. I hate this so fucking much. I hate it. I really wonder what the state of our relationship is gonna look like after quarantine.
0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;Post Dx and meds;;;I was at my BFFS house over the weekend since my husband and I are living in a weird separated marriage limbo land and when I was talking to her I realized something but it also made me feel like a terrible person. But maybe you felt the same?  Did your partners ADHD behavior get WORSE with a diagnosis?  Ever since he got diagnosed(2+ years ago) I notice more and more how much he uses it as an excuse to get out of things/trouble. Or at least it comes off that way to me... he’s on medications, he says he’s seeing a therapist but nothing is changing? When we have talked in the past about making the marriage work he said to me “just know I’m gonna have adhd forever and it’s not something that will go away” and I just feel confused by that statement?   Also Jesus Christ if anyone has experienced some sort of separation during Covid please let me know what you did. I’m so confused as to what to do now.
0349c53b7d1f1e0cb3b67beafbeb6b038f71696d8017f63a113b78a82faecb54;;;...I think I’m gonna call it;;;I’ve posted and talked to you guys about my relationship with my husband. It’s getting to be too hard. We’ve been doing couples counseling for 3 years (recently stopped cuz I just didn’t see any improvement). And I just can’t find him reliable anymore and I looked at my period tracking app last night and we only had sex twice in 2020. So on top of the ADHD stuff, we also have a dead bedroom. He’s downstairs right now playing a game with a friend  (who quite frankly he spends more time with him than with me, but also the fact that I feel somewhat okay with that is not great) and I’m upstairs crying because I just feel lonely and I’ve been feeling alone for a while now. Yesterday was the first time I looked at my period app and I didn’t realize it had only been twice. And the last time was in July. And it just broke me.  I think I need to call it. At least temporarily.
