0413620fb7a99bc00418b365b508f83f3a036851880c0b05e8a0c27d568ef084;;;NDX is great but just so messy. How do partners deal with general messiness/untidiness????;;;So my boyfriend is undiagnosed with ADHD but it’s unbelievably clear he has it. My ex was diagnosed with ADHD and their traits are very similar. He’s constantly bouncing around, playing and fiddling with stuff and is just one of those all or nothing people. He’s also had problems with drink and drugs (almost like self- medication) as he’s gotten older and after doing loads of research together we think we’ve found that ADHD might be the answer. We’re going to get a diagnosis from the docs soon. He is diagnosed with dyslexia which we thought his messiness could be be down to but it doesn’t quite match up to his personality fully.   The one thing that is getting to me is his general untidiness and messiness. I know he doesn’t mean to but it’s just the build up of clothes/dirty plates/ bits of rubbish that appear everywhere that gets on my nerves cos I don’t like picking up after a grown man. We’ve spoken about it before but he’s just completely unaware of it as I also I think he got brought up in an environment where he had lots of things picked up and cleaned for him. He hates feeling like I have to clean up after him so I don’t do it but it gets to a point where it’s too much. We live with other people so everyone has to pull their weight a bit and it’s not nice when other people leave mess around. (He moved in recently) I do ask him to do stuff but that’s not nice for either of us because I feel like a mum!  Is there anything anyone would recommend in terms of what people do to manage this? Any tips anyone has learnt along the way or certain techniques that have worked for partners?   I’d like to note that he’s a brilliant boyfriend and I find a lot of his ADHD traits really endearing and it really makes him beautifully unique. I understand things can be difficult for people with ADHD so I wanna go at this thing with a lot of care.
