054fc94935e62fad8e739f97d8df63ec2a8b4a1f76060968cd7ba7be42036e32;;;should me (19f) and my ndx partner (21m) break up;;;i made a post yesterday w more info but im making a new post bc we're fighting again today  in just a couple days we'll be together for 4 years but recently we've been fighting a lot bc of his adhd symptoms n tendencies n idk im tired of fighting n crying should we just break up  i don't want to break things off as i love him very much and we're supposed to move in together sometime soon but do you think breaking up will benefit him? idk is this selfish? idk im crying as i type this lol
054fc94935e62fad8e739f97d8df63ec2a8b4a1f76060968cd7ba7be42036e32;;;my (19f) ndx partner (21m) has tendencies that are starting to get annoying;;;need advice &amp; help please  ok backstory me n my partner have been together for almost 4 years. my partner has not been diagnosed but hes been trying to get an appointment at a hospital to see if he has it bc recently he spoke to someone who does have adhd and he resonated w everything &amp; he has a lot of adhd symptoms n such i feel like after finding all this out his symptoms amplified? almost as if he is purposely idk how to explain it.   i was the one who suggested he should go see a doctor about it so he can get real help but then he said if he was prescribed meds he'd feel like a loser who needs a crutch (knowing that i am diagnosed w major depressive n anxiety disorder n am in fact, on medication lol)   anyways we have arguments almost every week because he forgets to talk to me for hours-days &amp; sometimes it feels like hes doing it on purpose? i know he isnt but he seriously cannot even take a second out of his day to be like "i will be busy today" or reassure me or anything. no more good morning or good night texts. at first i understood n have always been patient w him about it n even when we first got together he admitted he was a terrible texter n i understood. n i only ever expect small things like updates on his day or what he is doing that day (so i know if i should text him or not)  i try not to be upset with him because i understand that some things like being distracted n side tracked is not his fault n he doesnt do it on purpose but whenever i like bring up these things he just says something along the lines of "i mess up and im gonna continue to mess up" n i should just accept it basically? and it kind of seems like a lame excuse? am i overreacting? i literally do not ask of anything from him or even expect anything at all anymore. he wont talk to me all day sometimes n only calls me at like 2am to facetime and then sleeps on call. sometimes i feel like im not even his partner anymore idk its all so wishywashy i guess?   please help. if he does have adhd what can i do to be a better partner? am i a sucky partner for wanting more affection? im just scared i guess for the future bc we're planning on moving in together soon &amp; idk   tl;dr my partner may or may not have adhd &amp; somewhat neglects me and says that he's gonna make mistakes (due to adhd) n that i should just accept it
