061719e9686141aeb8b011ffc346182e4c0bc097a3c8d040f7af56e9060a9340;;;My husband feels like his ADHD quirks are making him a bad person;;;Hello all, I’m a 22 year old female recently married to a 23 year old male with very severe ADHD. I’m a person with astronomical patience, so most of the day-to-day stuff of his ADHD doesn’t phase me, like difficulty being engaged in communication and his hyperactivity. But lately I’ve voiced some frustrations with some of his behaviors, and he’s responded to it with saying that they’re involuntary. He now is feeling like a bad person for these things and is wondering if it’s either part of ADHD, or another undiagnosed condition, or if it’s a genuine personality issue. Either way, he wants help, we just need some insight on where to start. And additionally, I could use some help in coping with these bahaviors healthily. This is more than just hyperactivity or trouble concentrating.   First off: He’s noticed recently that he’s not just “not a hugger”, he straight up doesn’t enjoy being touched. Apparently a lot of my physical affection makes him almost cringe, and it almost hurts. Kisses, hugs... that honestly has taken a toll on me, since I’m pretty touchy-feely and an absense of that can make me feel pretty anxious. After realizing this, he feels bad and apologetic. He doesn’t like sitting close to me, doesn’t like accidental strokes, taps or anything. I feel like I’m in a bubble but I don’t want to make him worse. He also has a huge aversion to certain textures.   Another thing is that he has severe social anxiety. But a unique strain of it. He’s a textbook extrovert who loves his friends, and is outgoing and engaging, he’s the life of the party, and he’s great at including new people into a group. However, he will never be caught dead eating in a restaurant by himself. He won’t run errands on his own, won’t go shopping... the idea of a new situation like that makes him terrified. I have to go everywhere with him. I don’t mind that so much, but he’s wondering why that is when he’s so great in other situations.   He has almost no empathy and is confused by people who do. He’s not very understanding and has huge trouble putting himself in someone’s shoes. If he’s going through something, he doesn’t know why it makes me sad too. He doesn’t know why I cry so much at everything. He doesn’t understand why I have to take a moment to process why I’m upset over something. (He seems to have a direct link from his brain to his mouth). He often misinterprets emotions, tone, and is fooled by sarcastic or deadpan statements. (Think Drax from guardians of the Galaxy) there just seems to be something off in his social cues.   And finally... he says he has this urge to be the “bad guy”. He’s a recovering alcoholic, and what gets him back into a cycle is him not wanting to be seen as the goody-two-shoes who doesn’t drink. He says he couldn’t go to AA meetings because he wouldn’t find pride in his sobriety streak— he’d want to break it. He is never affectionate with me in public. He hated our wedding because he didn’t want people to know he felt that way about me. (That could be that he’s just very private— I don’t know) He also celebrates and encourages irresponsible behavior, like his young friends partying and getting in trouble with drinking or drugs. He says he can’t wait for my brothers to get caught watching porn one day, or for my sister to get knocked up by some guy in college. I came from a very conservative home and everyone’s very well-behaved, and he almost wants to see us all corrupted some way. He thinks I had an almost negligent childhood since I wasn’t allowed to watch R-rated movies when I was 7. This may have to do with his father wanting his children to be perfect, and maybe now my husband has a chip on his shoulder against those who do seem perfect... I don’t know. He just thinks getting into awful trouble is part of life and shouldn’t be discouraged.  There just seems to be something wrong with his perception of morality, and he’s aware of it. He knows it’s why he’ll probably never stop abusing alcohol.  He IS self aware of all of this, and wants to know if it’s his ADHD, or another diagnosis he needs to get checked out, or if it’s a personality problem. He’s willing to find help. And quite honestly I need him to. I feel lost in all of this. I love my husband very much and there’s so much more to him than these struggles I’ve listed, but it has taken a toll on me. It’s so early on in our marriage that I’m wanting to tackle things before it becomes too late...   TL;DR: Husband struggles with touch, empathy and morality wants to know what he can do about it.
