068bd6bd73248e9e17abc0d44cc98a127f1291d2e5f7f82d682f547f5972bcf5;;;Boyfriend started meds this week. It would help me to share my story here. Long post, sorry!;;;TL;DR: Boyfriend’s ADHD (undiagnosed at the time) made me feel very alone and unwanted. Now he has been diagnosed everything makes sense and there is hope for us again. He started meds this week. I want to know what experience you have had with a newly diagnosed ADHD spouse.  My boyfriend (26M) and I (24F) have been together for 7.5 years. We always had a very strong relationship until we hit some problems in October. We had not longed moved to the second place we are renting together, and have lived together since May 2017. He was diagnosed around 3 weeks ago with ADHD, predominantly inattentive.   When we first got together it was amazing. My main attraction to him was his ability to communicate and his passion for his hobbies. He was into weight lifting then and for someone who was under weight, I admired how strong he was. He got me out of a deep dark hole I was in regarding my eating and exercise habits and I will be eternally grateful for that. We maintained our relationship whilst the two of us got our degrees at seperate universities, often not seeing each other for weeks at a time to focus on our studies. He has always been really intelligent and has now got an undergrad, and a masters distinction in biomedical science. He is definitely not the ADHD poster boy.  Our relationship was never short of amazing for years. He would always make time for me, listened to me, checked in on me throughout the day to check I was ok. I was very depressed at uni and he never dismissed my feelings, bought me flowers one time I felt particularly awful and also made sure he just generally spent time with me. I was pretty obsessed with doing my uni work and getting a good grade and he always told me to stop putting so much pressure on myself, look after myself etc. Despite having body dysmorphia at the time, and having some insecurities re: the way I looked, I never once doubted my confidence in our relationship/wondered if he really loved me or not. When we moved in together my depression finally starting to lift. I had a job I loved (and still do) and we were finally living the life we wanted together. Neither of us are into the clubbing lifestyle so it was amazing to have someone to chill out with in the evenings.   However, after around 8 months things started to get tense. My boyfriend was upset that we weren’t having sex so often. I had slipped back into feeling depressed (I always do in the winter months) and I just had no libido. Often my boyfriend would spend hours working on his art work in a seperate room, and whilst I supported him with his hobbies, I had to admit I was feeling lonely at home. The chores felt entirely my responsibility, along with organising anything related to our relationship e.g. arranging dates, organising holidays, remembering relative’s birthdays. I was often too exhausted to have sex. He would sometimes try to initiate but I was either too tired or had just got home from work and would want to shower first. He stopped touching me unless he wanted sex. He wanted to try more kinky things but I just didn’t want sex at all most of the time, and my motivation for trying anything kinky was very low. I got really upset whenever he mentioned sex and in the end he just stopped trying to initiate. We had vanilla sex, but only if I initiated. As you can imagine this put quite a big strain on the relationship. I remember self harming at the gym one morning because I felt so down about it all. Despite this though, we actually still had a good relationship. We’ve been best friends pretty much since the day we first started talking so the fact we really loved each other kept us strong. We were both trying to save money, so not going on dates was a lose-win situation for a while. This was all around Jan-May of last year.   In August we moved to our new place and got a dog. In around September-October time I realised nothing had changed in terms of him showing any sort of initiative with our relationship. It felt like he just went with the flow. I started to wonder if he had just settled for me, After all, he had admitted that he had difficulty getting girls at uni. Maybe I was just easy to stick with? Now he had committed and knew that he I loved him massively, why would he leave? I started to realise that I felt like I was just living with a house mate that I occasionally had sex with. I hate to say this but I had also took on a bit of a parental role, picking his dirty laundry off the bedroom floor to wash, nagging him to do everything. I was used to this by now but it was really starting to get to me. A relationship where you feel like the parent and your boyfriend never compliments you or arranges dates and never touches you unless it’s for sex feels pretty painful.   In October we went on a short break that I had arranged and he didn’t even initiate holding my hand the entire time we were there. The dog was in our room with us so he said this was why he didn’t want sex. I started to wonder if something was wrong, or if he was talking to someone else. This definitely was not the relationship I had imagined having with him. He would often get home from a day of uni  (He had started a PGCE at this point) and not touch me until he wanted sex. This hurt like hell knowing he’d been around beautiful girls at uni all day. One time I got upset and admitted I didn’t want to have sex, then found him masturbating to his phone downstairs. I felt like someone kicked me right in the heart.   I’m ashamed to say my suspicions led to me going through his laptop - something I had never done before. I realised how much porn he was watching. I also noticed Tumblr notifications on his phone. He was following hundreds of porn pages. I have never had a problem with him watching porn, but it hurt like hell when I felt like I had been getting zero attention. All of a sudden I felt like I’d been competing with porn in a way. I started feeling more insecure than I’d ever felt. I told him I had found his account and I didn’t have a problem with him looking at porn as long as it wasn’t accounts that young girls had made, just to post photos of themselves. I communicated with him and eventually things got slightly better. By Christmas I was feeling ok about it all again, despite still feeling insecure. I had started feeling really insecure about my small boobs which I think manifested from knowing he was looking at tons of big boobed women online. Then on new year we threw a get together at our house. One of my friends turned up in a tight dress -  she has an amazing figure and massive boobs. My boyfriend checked them out when I was sitting right infront of him. This was the first time my boyfriend’s impulsive behaviour had really hurt me. I felt sick that he could be so disrespectful to check out my friend infront of me, especially when he knew how down I had been feeling about myself. I couldn’t get upset because all of my friends were there, so I went to another room (not alone FYI haha) and got ridiculously drunk. I still replay that horrible moment he looked at her, then back at me over and over in my head. I could cry about it everytime I think about it. I’ve been to psychotherapy since then which didn’t really help. It still crops up in my mind every now and then. I’m only just starting to feel ok within myself again. I know he didn’t cheat on me or try to hurt me on purpose. He claims that it was an impulsive thing - he knew he really shouldn’t look so it made him want to look more. He apologised. But unfortunately this girl is also a colleague of mine and it stings everytime I see her. It just felt shit on top of my doubt that we’d last through 2019 and everything else that had gone on.   I then found out that he’d started following a Tumblr profile of a 19 year old girl after I’d ask him specifically not to do that. Her account name was even ‘just-pictures-of-me’. It was like he was completely taking the piss out of me. He claimed he ‘didn’t notice her age’ and ‘just follows anything that might have shared a post that he liked’. He saw how upset I was and deleted his Tumblr account, so at least I knew he was actually sorry for making me feel bad. I also found out that he’d lied to me about ordering pizza when I was not home. He’s got diabetes and he’s overweight so I try to encourage him to eat healthy. One time he literally looked me in the eyes and promised me had told me the truth about what he’d eaten, when I knew he was lying. I couldn’t give a shit about the fact he’d had pizza, but promising me something that wasn’t true made me completely doubt my trust in him. I told him I knew he was lying and he apologised. Unfortunately I have lost some trust in him due to these things happening.  My faith in us was at an all time low at this point. My confidence in myself had been shot to shit, which I now realise is a product of his behaviour towards me. Whilst he has never been nasty to me, I felt like I was really not in the relationship I deserved. Then, around one month ago, he was in a lecture at uni about kids with learning needs. The lecturer had ADHD and been diagnosed as an adult. My partner said it was like listening to a story about his life. He went private and got diagnosed pretty quickly. Everything suddenly makes so much sense. We are so fortunate he was in the right place at the right time. Suddenly all of the frustration re: not doing chores, lack of attention towards me whilst he hyper focuses on other things, lack of time management skills all make SO MUCH SENSE. Thankfully this has given me some sort of hope that our relationship will last after all. Slowly I have also learnt to love myself again. I have started listening to Melissa Orlov’s books and realise the issues we were having were due to his ADHD. This has honestly been such a huge fucking relief. We are working on putting some strategies in place so I can help him be more organised. Recently he discovered that he had clashed two important dates and therefore won’t be able to attend a friend’s wedding with me. I was so much less upset than I would have been prior to his diagnosis, because I know he can’t help it and he would never do it on purpose to hurt me. Luckily he has listened to all of my concerns. We’ve just been on a short break together (prior to starting meds) and he was so much more attentive and loving this time.   So this week he started Xaggitin. He feels that it’s working so far. I know this won’t magically solve everything but it gives us some hope that things will get better. Did anyone here notice a difference in their partners when they started taking their meds? What has your experience been like?
