06d1e39bb9cbad6bda578705dec0213e00226bbf3a0af2e2726c1bc5c5df1eda;;;One day in my life...;;;Hey all, I just found this sub, I hope this is the right place for a partner of an adhd person to find some support. I apologize in advance for the negativity, today has been especially bad and I need to vent. I also apologize for the wall of text. I have a lot on my chest! No idea if anyone will make it thru the end but if you do thanks. Tdlr in the last paragraph.   I lurked a bit in the adhd sub but that was actually pretty frustrating for me as it seems a lot of posts were rather self indulgent ("oh I went to check an adress on the internet and came back three hours later after having browsed 17 different websites, isn't that cute?") and failed to acknowledge the effect it could have on their partner (who probably was picking up the slack for these three hours, not for the first time...).  Anyways, I just wanted to share my day of suffering at the hands of my adhd partner.   Day started at 7 am with shouts of "oh nooooo" and full blown hysterics. Partner just realized they had left their backpack in the car and forgot once again to lock said car. We live in a country where it is just not possible to leave stuff in cars parked in the street, and even less forget to lock the doors, so of course the backpack was gone with its content, credit cards, driving licence, thumb drives with scans of all our official papers (passport, visas, social security, you name it...). Cue panic attack of partner in front of the kids, when they need to get ready for school etc...in the end partner blames stupid car lock mechanism and "things being crazy when they pick up the kids and come back home" for leaving car open. (Partner does some occasional freelance work, kids are in daycare and school and we have a maid 4 days a week for all day... Partner just has to drop kids off and pick up, get groceries and cook light dinners or get takeout. Partner is NOT overworked.)   7.45 : I manage to get partner to calm down, after all its not the end of the world, we get on our way, drop kids off etc...  8.30 ish : on the way partner drives and almost runs over a man. Man was walking and about to cross the street quietly at a perfectly legitimate walkway and partner completely ignored him until it dawned on me that partner had not seen the highly visible, slow moving tall man until I screamed and partner stopped suddenly, almost hitting the person. Partner is flustered and swears it is the previous cars fault for not slowing down and partner just followed the car without seeing the person.  8.50 :Partner realizes they forgot their phone at home.  9: we arrive at my work. Partner comes with me to use the facilities and the internet (for circumstantial reasons we don't have internet at home at the moment and my place of work is super friendly and OK for that so it's cool) . Still it's always stressful for me to have partner there because partner has a hard time behaving in a work appropriate way.  9.05: i install partner in a meeting room with instructions to not come get me every five minutes. We have open space offices and I have my whole team around.  9.15: Partner comes to remind me to do something completely non urgent and not work related. I gently remind partner that I am busy.   9.40: Partner needs to borrow my phone to make calls.   10: When I go pick up copies I notice a pair of glasses forgotten near the copy machine. Partners glasses of course.  12. 30: we have lunch. Colleague introduced himself to partner. Makes small talk and asks partner what they are doing. Partner launches into long rambling unclear convoluted answer, does not ask a single question. Colleague looks politely horrified and excuses themselves. I am mortified.  4: I have to leave work early to go to the bank with partner in order to replace stolen bank cards (we both need to be there and show ID, very strict and old fashioned bank processes). I have a lot to do and will need to work from home in the evening to make up for it.  On the way partner tells story of how the client for current freelance job is mad at them, and according to partner expressed themselves so badly that partner completely misunderstood what was expected and is now probably late to deliver the proper expected results. Somehow partner gets into a lot of these. For some reason partner fails to realize that the only common element between all these people unable to get their meaning across is partner.   4.30: we are at bank. Apparently partner has a hard time to punch same pin code twice.  5: we leave bank. I look horrified as partner completely misses the turn to get kids from school. Oh, partner had forgotten about kids and was heading home.  5.05 : we turn around and get the kids.  5.20 : we fight in the car. I am so fed up with the whole thing and beg partner to be a little more mindful because I am sick and tired to suffer from partner chronic distraction and lack of attention. Partner is in complete denial and claims there is nothing wrong with their behavior and we all forget things sometimes, reminds me of the one time when we had to turn around because I realized I forgot my sunglasses at restaurant. I recap the day to partner and point out that partner failed to take responsibility for any of the fuckups of the day, blaming someone or something else every time. Partner gets angry and asks on whose team I am. I feel bad for lack of support but honestly with partner in one's team, one does not need enemies. I am tired of suffering the consequences of partner acting like a brainless moron, even though partner is a smart and kind adult who I usually love dearly.  8: I am depressed and using reddit as a shoulder to cry on. The word divorce is all over my head, but how does one explain they left a kind, devoted partner because they could not deal with forgetfulness and inability to follow thru with anything? Yet it's slowly but surely killing us.  TDLR: a very bad day when partner gets backpack and wallet and important papers stolen, almost kills a man, probably fails another freelance job, and generally behaves like blubbering idiot they are not while denying there is anything wrong and failing to take any responsibility for their actions.
06d1e39bb9cbad6bda578705dec0213e00226bbf3a0af2e2726c1bc5c5df1eda;;;Things my husband used to do that now make complete sense;;;Now this is back in the early days of our marriage, when I still was very much in love and eager to please, and as such crushed daily by the negative attitude and aloofness of my husband... I just thought about it as I am slowly finding my habits and what makes me happy from underneath the heartbreak.  So I have been making pancakes again every Sunday, to the satisfaction of my kids, and it has become a family thing that we are looking forward to. Well it reminded me that I used to do that when the kids were little, waking up early and cooking up a storm, pancakes, eggs, a nice breakfast on Sunday. My husband and kids loved it... until he actually started to make a face and looking disappointed. When I asked him why, he said it was nice, but just the same every Sunday... Boring and predictable... Not that he did anything to suggest something different or take any initiative. And the fact that it was a predictable, nice thing to look forward to, was the whole point for me. Because I felt hurt and disappointed at his lack of appreciation I ended up not doing it as often.  Same for the parc that was next to our house. This is easily one of the nicest parks in the place where we lived and many people would come from a distance to spend some time there on the weekends. We lived just across, which was one of the main reasons why we moved there in the first place. We had two young kids who loved it, and we usually went every day on the weekends, for a jog, a walk, to the playground, etc... (it's really big so you don't have to stick to the same area at all).   Well after a few months he just started going "oh no, not... Park, we ALWAYS go there...". Uh, yeah, it's the nicest Park in the region and a two minutes walk? The kids and us love it, or at least used to...? We could go to a different park but we would have to take the car and it would be less nice, more crowded, etc...? Not that he, once again, had something different that he wanted to do or suggest, just the wish to piss all over our simple pleasures and habits and complain apparently.  Of course it changed things for me, what used to be a nice family activity was now tainted, either I felt like I was forcing him to do something he didn't enjoy, or I was going by myself with the kids. Also since he was railing against how boring the Parc was, then our oldest started to declare it was boring too, making it harder for me to move everyone...  So now I understand that his adhd brain was craving novelty and that even pleasant activities he once enjoyed registered as the biggest bore on the planet but as I was making my pancakes it made me reminiscent of the small, subtle ways in which I had let adhd and this marriage ruin pancakes, then my favorite parc, etc... And ultimately my happiness. And I had no-one to share these thoughts with but you precious people.   Now I am out of this relationship and I am not saying that this is the only way, but please, whatever your situation, don't let your partner's limitations take away your joy. Keep doing what makes you happy, if they want to be sad sacks let them but you don't have to become one. Happy Sunday!
