076034fdba2cc15eda4b1822430918919142de1ccaacc19db1ef307503384bd3;;;Advice needed on dealing with degradation of romance;;;I am hoping to find advice as to how to maintain a healthy relationship with an ADHD partner. My ex boyfriend of 2 1/2 years and I have decided to break up this past week to figure out what we both want. We both have mental illnesses and have been upfront with that, however with his ADHD, we never really discussed it as he has always kind have been like "I have ADHD, i'm quirky and that's just me". He has been diagnosed since he was a child, but had not really looked into the differences of how ADHD manifests in adults versus children and in turn, did not realize how some of his behaviours are intrinsically linked to his ADHD.   I have over the past few months have felt more and more like his mother than his partner. His constant forgetfulness and lack of ambition and my irritability over these traits have caused us to get into this parent-child dynamic, where I feel like I am always monitoring and reminding him to do certain things, and this has become exhausting. In turn, he feels ashamed when I constantly remind him to do things, and when he forgets or does not get around to it, he feels as though he has let me down/is a failure. He also gets very excited when in a good mood and can be very loud, especially when we are out in public, and this never used to bother me, but started to once I had started to feel like his parent. I would like to mention, we never fight, we have discussions and even though we are frustrated, we have never been disrespectful to one another.   I thought that we had just become incompatible until i started to research how non-ADHD and ADHD partners can have issues in relationships and it was quite spot on for how we were both feeling. When I mentioned it to him, and he looked into it we realized that many of our problems were linked to his ADHD, and our collective lack of understanding. He feels ashamed that he has not looked into how his ADHD has changed in his adulthood, and does not know if he can get past me feeling like his parent. I don't know if i can get past feeling like his parent and if we can rekindle our romantic relationship. If anyone has managed to rekindle a romantic relationship, or has any tips on even maintaining a relationship I would be very grateful. Regardless of if this information is used in my relationship with him, I know that it will be beneficial in his next relationship and I just want the best for him.
