085b0064f7621c3b3dd5d403a7b68d976fa4ad7b324780324d65bf2c16d94a7d;;;If you had the chance to go back in time and not marry your ADHD (DX) spouse, or just break up before everything got too compromising,would you do it? And WHY?;;;This question comes from me F(30) being really afraid to commit even more to my ADHD partner. I love him and I am so attracted to him. He’s so loving and sweet and smart, he’s definitely someone with good ethics and a kind heart. Did I mention he’s the hottest man in the world? Problem is I genuinely don’t think I’m capable of dealing with a life together where I’ll go to bed thinking every time we fight or I’m hurt is related to his ADHD (which has happened a lot recently)  I’m extremely structured, focused and organized. I’m very independent and I always take pride in solving my own problems with no external help. I don’t mind setting up a system where I remind him of certain things and take care of all the spending done in the house (since he struggles with that) or paying bills (I never forget about them) getting groceries, etc. I don’t mind that at all and I actually like it. It’s like playing monopoly. It’s structured and simple to me. My problem is I can’t stop thinking of worst case scenarios where we keep dating, eventually get married and after a few years (if it’s that long)he suddenly will lose interest in me and I’m no longer entertaining/ fun and on top of that he just gets bored of being a responsible father and doesn’t want to help with the family/ household/ bills and other responsibilities that take a lot of planning- this is again, looking into the future. I imagine myself feeling really frustrated and desperate with the pressure of (again worst case) keeping a job -I’m an architect- paying bills, buying a house, having kids, sending them to school, traveling (which I love)etc, all BY MYSELF. Those are all things I want to do at some point in my life and for that I need a partner by my side, not toddler with a wallet. I honestly think his (medicated) ADHD is/will be more than I can handle and that’s making me re-think whether it’s a good idea to keep this relationship or, knowing how little patience I have, break up peacefully and go our own ways.  I’m sorry this seems so cold hearted, I truly love him but I think I can’t handle so much work into a life together.
