095700cc4fd9707483fe462830b961115fca8ffbb7a98900fdd5bf63904acf91;;;I get anxiety in my relationship.;;;My partner and I are just entering adulthood. I never really had much of a plan for my adult life. I knew I wanted my own apartment and things like that, but there was never much planning beyond that. My world was flipped upside down when we got the sudden and shocking news that we were expecting a child in our lives. I haven't even kept a job for more than a month in a half and now I'm having to provide for another tiny human. After a patient sit down with my partner we decided that it wasn't the right time to bring a child into our lives, let alone twins. We decided to focus on at least getting an apartment together because at the moment we're still living with my parents. I'm madly in love with my partner. We have our rocky moments but this is literally the person I can see myself growing old with. After being with them for a year and a half I'm comfortable with them, you know? I'm just not always comfortable with their life decisions especially when they involve me. I feel that a lot of their decisions are "f\*ck it decision" irrational and risky af. I like making my decisions slowly and with tremendous amounts of thought. I want to move out of my family home but I get anxiety putting myself in that type of responsibility. Especially when I don't have full control in decisions. Anyways... I need advice. How do I take this leap? I hate being dependent on people because there's always that "what if....".
095700cc4fd9707483fe462830b961115fca8ffbb7a98900fdd5bf63904acf91;;;I get anxiety when my partner makes like life/future decisions for us. (trigger warning);;;My partner and I are just entering adulthood. I never really had much of a plan for my adult life. I knew I wanted my own apartment and things like that, but there was never much planning beyond that. My world was flipped upside down when we got the sudden and shocking news that we were expecting a child in our lives. I haven't even kept a job for more than a month in a half and now I'm having to provide for another tiny human. After a patient sit down with my partner we decided that it wasn't the right time to bring a child into our lives, let alone twins. We decided to focus on at least getting an apartment together because at the moment we're still living with my parents. I'm madly in love with my partner. We have our rocky moments but this is literally the person I can see myself growing old with. After being with them for a year and a half I'm comfortable with them, you know? I'm just not always comfortable with their life decisions especially when they involve me. I feel that a lot of their decisions are "f\*ck it decision" irrational and risky af. I like making my decisions slowly and with tremendous amounts of thought. I want to move out of my family home but I get anxiety putting myself in that type of responsibility. Especially when I don't have full control in decisions. Anyways... I need advice. How do I take this leap? I hate being dependent on people because there's always that "what if....".
