09893d42b8047c599566680c525f92064bdc776afd8c1d4980996dbf7c25fd04;;;My inability to consistently help my ADHD partner is killing our marriage;;;TLDR:  My (32F) husband (34M) has severe ADHD and has been begging for my help for years in keeping him on track with schedules he makes for himself. He has repeatedly asked me to take away his phone every day when he finishes work, as it’s a major distraction point for him. But I can’t seem to consistently help him for more than a few days. How do I get my act together and actually follow through?    The whole story:   I’ve been writing versions of this post and deleting them for months now because I never know exactly how to phrase this. I’m not sure if I’m looking for advice or what here, I just need to get this out.   My (32F) husband (34M) has severe ADHD and is constantly feeling behind. His ADHD allows him to tackle many difficult tasks, come up with tons of cool ideas, and move through them more quickly than most, which is great. But it also means that he always has a list two miles long and feels constantly behind.   He has always felt like I’m a poor support for helping him actually accomplish things, and has expressed that clearly over the last few years. He has asked me to help keep him to schedules that he sets. His phone is a major distraction point for him, so he has asked me to take it away from him every day after work as well.   I consistently fail at helping him in these ways. I am admittedly bad on follow-through for myself, and have tons of trouble holding myself to my own goals. I’m also quick to acquiesce and anxious about saying no to people or things.  So this has become a clash of my worst weaknesses... he will make a plan. He will fall off of the plan. I will support his new idea and not push him back into the plan.  I will get super anxious knowing that he is off-plan but not speaking up to put him back on it. Or when I do, it is too late, in a panic or anger, and comes off as condescending or nagging.   Then, all of it comes to a head and he gets extremely upset that he hasn’t finished or followed through on the original plan. He blames us- but mostly me- for not helping him stay on track. He says he is better at managing without me, and that when I intervene, I make it worse- encourage him to chase off-topic ideas, and that I’m too unreliable when he asks for my help. He also says that my lack of follow through on things like taking away his phone or not consistently   This cycle happens over and over and over. He keeps saying that all I need to do is to take away his phone, and that it’s pathetic that I can’t even do that more than a few days in a row consistently. Admittedly, I truly am failing at taking away his phone, but it also feels to me like it isn’t accurate of him to say that’s all that needs to be done. He keeps saying that in 4 years of him asking me to do that, I’ve never been able to do it more than a few days in a row. I can’t prove him otherwise, and I’m clearly not consistent at it.   Lately he has been expressing that he is feeling more and more depressed, and that my actions show I don’t care for him, and that when I say I do I must be lying.   I do care for him- so deeply. I don’t know why I can’t get my act together and consistently just take away the damn phone. I feel like I am always making excuses as to why I didn’t or couldn’t, and they ring more and more hollow every day.   I’ve been going to therapy for a few months now, and my husband says that if anything, it’s making me worse. That I have more excuses than ever, and that I must be presenting a skewed version of our situation to the therapist. I have asked him to go to couples therapy, to join a session or two of my therapy, to go see a therapist himself... and he is adamantly against all of it. He says he offered couples therapy as an option over a year ago and that I said no. That he supported me in my idea of personally getting a therapist when he thought it was a waste the whole time, and that I should have just listened to him.   He says I am just making it into a bigger, longer problem by wanting to talk to someone now, that we don’t have communication issues, and that all I need to do is actually listen to how he feels and take away the damn phone.   He has a prescription for Strattera but does not take it except once in a while, on days he has a hard workday or the like. He says he hates how it makes him feel, and he crashes super hard when it wears off.   I’m so tired and confused and angry. Why isn’t this working? Why can’t I help?? Why can’t I grow the spine to stand up and help him more?? Why can’t I just take away the goddamn phone?? What is so wrong with me that I can’t follow through?!
