0a72b2605a15c965da21946d61fe7e9fa3f0f40983a264629997ec32e3d227d1;;;Boyfriend doesn’t like walking next to me on sidewalk, AITA for not wanting to walk in this street with him as his compromise?;;;I know I asked an AITA question and I know there’s already a subreddit for that but since my bf has UDX ADHD &amp; possibly aspergers I thought I would ask here. So my bf wants to go to Walmart to get some supplies this morning cause he’s bored. We’re still in quarantine and he wants to go shopping for random stuff for fun? Okay whatever so he invites me and at first I hesitated and said I didn’t want to go because it’s not a good time for a random shopping trip. (We already have plenty of supplies for food and essentials, he just wants to buy something random from the outdoor section,not necessary but his choice). He asks again kind of pleading me to go so I say yeah okay I’ll go. Now here comes the annoying part.  We get to walking in the neighborhood to go there. We don’t have a car right now and live maybe about a mile or 2 from Walmart and we’re used to walking to grocery stores so it’s no biggie. As we’re walking we start off next to each other and soon it turns into us walking either on the grass side by side or him in front of me fast walking. I walk like that on the grass next to the sidewalk for about 5 minutes or so and then politely ask him to move over alittle so I can walk on the sidewalk next to him. He does for a minute and then asks me to walk in front of him. So I do and then he tells me I’m walking to slow. Mind you it’s 90 degrees outside with a breeze so it’s hot and wearing a face mask makes it hotter of course. So I didn’t feel like I was walking like a sloth and I told him hey we don’t need to speed walk there, we just started walking like we can slow down alittle bit. (I’m trying to keep in mind that it’s hot and we have about a 2 mile walk there and only 1 water bottle I brought) I also told him that I wanted to walk next to him so we can talk or be silent and to just want to be close to him, I didn’t want to walk in front or behind since there was plenty of room on the sidewalk and it felt impersonal or like distant. He then suggests we walk in the street.   We’re walking in my neighborhood still at this time but it’s a busy through street and there’s cars coming and going in both directions, like not the absolute best place to have a walk with each other in broad daylight. Yeah sure it’s quarantine but people are still out and about shopping or going to work. So I tell him I don’t want to walk in the street because we have plenty of room on the sidewalk and then he says he doesn’t have enough room to walk. I then proceed to tell him that I want to be close to him and walk beside him and he said well there’s not enough room here, walk in the street with me. Like giving me no options besides his dangerous one and not even hearing me out. He actually said he was perfectly fine until I brought it up and turned it into a problem. Then told me I didn’t have to come, he just invited me to and that I was being hard to please.  My boyfriend is 130lbs and is like 5”8 skinny man, like seriously we’re both small tiny people (I’m 105lbs and 5ft) and the sidewalk was more than enough space for the both of us. We’ve been quarantining together since March and living together since 2016. This whole walking problem has been a thing for about 2 years now and it’s so annoying.  I feels very isolating and disrespectful to me because anyone else I’ve ever walked with on a sidewalk walks beside me, doesn’t give me  “rules” to follow that are counterintuitive to what is safe/what everyone else does in society. It’s hard for me to feel equal with him. Today I actually tried to bring it up for the first time in a constructive way and he just decided to not budge and that he needed his space. So I said bye and turned around and walked back home because I was not about to walk behind him all mad and invalidated for my very real and rational desire to walk safely on the sidewalk beside my partner as we go to the store that he wanted to. Plus it was already hot and he was still walking fast. It’s like he doesn’t even care that I changed my mind because he seemed to really want me there and to spend time together. He doesn’t even care that he’s speed walking in 90degree heat with no water or regard for himself. I don’t feel like the asshole but AITA?
0a72b2605a15c965da21946d61fe7e9fa3f0f40983a264629997ec32e3d227d1;;;How do couples equally split finances who aren’t married and have separate bank accounts but still live together? Any tips would be helpful!;;;So my partner and I have been living together for 4 years and we’ve had issues at times when it comes to finances. We have both learned to tame our spending habits mostly and throughout quarantine I’ve been doing my best to save money and save some of the unemployment money I have because I still haven’t been able to find a job the past 7 months since everything went crazy with covid. My partner works from home and hasn’t been affected too much financially by covid like I have. He’s even been busier as of recent and over quarantine has spent lots of money on his new hobby of EDC gear/protective gear/emergency gear. I myself have even went in financially on a purchase of emergency food rations and some gear in case of earthquakes, fires, anything bad really because I think it’s smart to be cautious/preventative since everything is very unpredictable right now and we’ve never had an emergency kit before so I agreed.   Anyways, since I had been making alittle more on unemployment, I said it was okay at first for a few months while his income was low for him to only pay me half rent+utilities and he could forego paying for food stuff because at the time in March/April/May he had a slight dip in his usual work. All normal because he’s a freelancer. He even received the stimulus as well and so did I. So we have been paying rent and normal stuff all this time and as of June I started asking him to pay me for food stuff and any house supplies we usually would go through(cleaning supplies,toiletries). He agreed and said yes and for me to give him receipts. I said okay and kept forgetting honestly because everything was so chaotic at our house due to family drama and I kept putting off the task. Also we had been fighting a lot and there had been a lot of silence in between the fights so trying to asking him for money he owed me felt like pulling teeth and ripe for an argument so I didn’t mention it. I’ve periodically mentioned it twice now since June and he said okay yeah no problem.   Today I tell him there’s a box of receipts on the counter and that we could go through them together and pick out what he owes. ( I was thinking of highlighting common purchases of food/supplies we both pay into to make it easier and to add to all the amounts on the bottom so he knows exactly what he owes and has to do no math, I didn’t say that at the time). So I leave to go drop off some packages and come back a few minutes later and he is all stressed out and is rubbing his head. I ask what’s wrong and he says nothing is wrong even though he clearly is bothered and stressed out looking by his body language. Even the tone of nothing said more than nothing. Anyways I tell him that he can tell me whatever is bothering him. I ask him if it’s about the receipts thing and he says no. Then gets up a few minutes later from the table and asks for a ballpark and I said around $300-400 over the past few months. He got irritated and walked away calmly and then told me to put receipts on his desk the day of when I go shopping from now on.   My partner has historically not been interested in what feels like making a home feel and function like a home. There’s been times over the years where I’ve had to argue why we both use something. I usually end up paying for more when it comes to bills and things because he doesn’t feel the need to contribute or he likes to pass the responsibilities on me even though he’s seen me struggle with it all and hasn’t offered to help financially when I’ve been down as often as I have for him over the years. I’m a giving person and I can’t help it. I hate asking for things because when I have in the past I’ve been questioned on the validity of things and it bothers me because I feel like I truly don’t buy bullshit on unnecessary things all the time or waste money. I’ve actually been trying to save money because I don’t know what the future will hold for me as of a job, career, health and I just want to be prepared for the shit storm that has already been ensuing with covid.   Am I the asshole for asking that my partner pay for his half of the food and supplies when consumed over the past few months since June? I know this isn’t the r/AITA sub but my partner and I have had issues when it comes to splitting finances. I come to him and tell him what I’ve spent and he gets upset. I pay for things and then ask for half and he gets annoyed and pays. It’s not every time but often enough over the years to make me feel like he wouldn’t pay me if I didn’t mention it. He acts selfish at times and doesn’t want to share but expects me to always share and it’s kind of annoying.   Does anyone have any good tips for dealing with this behavior and communication for talks about finances and necessary purchases?
