0af4c6c6c2805fa867674ed868108cc7200d5da471ef4602076dd72cdded892b;;;What should I do to make my relationship work?;;;I F(24) have anxiety disorder and just remember that my boyfriend (23) once told me that he has ADHD. He told me about this before we started dating. I have a hard time dealing with him ignoring me, back then it’s just for two days. I’ve told him about this every time he start disappearing that it triggers me and he apologise and repeat it the next week. I try to tell myself, he just need constant reminder. But then one day after ignoring me for a day he comeback telling me that he slept with someone when he was drunk and he kept it for a few days from me. He even told me that he loves me out of the blue the day after he slept with someone, hut I thought he was being sweet since he hasn’t told me he made a mistake the night before, we make amends with this. He made up for it by being presence for the whole week, then he disappeared for three days and later when comeback telling me his phone broke and apparently he doesn’t have any so he relied on his xbox and we chat briefly on messenger, I thought he already found a way to text me so I texted him the next day and he just left me on read and then ignored me for a week. I sent a Christmas greeting and he didn’t bother to check on it and the fact that my text delivered triggered my anxiety and I started feeling insecure and it’s hard to believe in him again after recent event. Two days later my friend then made a fake account and sent him a hello which got a warm friendly reply from him, he even sent a holiday greeting for that simple hello text and left my Christmas greeting on read. He didn’t reply any of my worried texts. We fought about this and I feel devalued and asked for a quit, he disagreed with this and then few days later on new year’s eve he reached me and said he didn’t want us to split, we talked throughout the night and he spent his new year’s night with me. We start talking like usual now but I feel like he looses interest and I’ve asked him whether he is sure with his decision but he said he is sure. Yesterday I just realised he once told me he has ADHD, and I read a lot of articles and I found what he often did are listed on the symptoms list. But my anxious brain can’t stop feeling anxious what if he lied and just a plain asshole when at the same time trying to rationalise that it’s his ADHD and nothing wrong with him. I feel like I’m so needy and unsupportive, I’m honestly okay if he can’t text me but I need a notice beforehand and he never did it despite the fact that I’ve asked him to do this a lot. This confuses and consuming me so much. This is the only issue we had, the rest he’s been good as a boyfriend and it’s possible that I’m overreacting.
0af4c6c6c2805fa867674ed868108cc7200d5da471ef4602076dd72cdded892b;;;I need some encouragement, because at the moment everything feel so hard.;;;So, my boyfriend has ADHD, we are in LDR and so far I don’t have problems besides his lack of communication but we are able to sort this out. We rarely call because he doesn’t have enough privacy at home, he often spends Friday’s night drinking and hangover the next day not able to hold proper conversation, and tidy up his house on Sunday. So it’s hard to have a date or some quality time, but we exchange a few text everyday and he’ll reply whenever he can during work. I’ve been waiting for him to call me, we haven’t talked on call for 20 days. Two days ago, I woke up to his text telling me that he got two days off and will call me tomorrow (Wednesday), I anticipated it so much and excitedly wait because there’s so much I want to tell him, that can’t be typed on texts, he woke up late so I waited not asking either, I want him to have a lie in. I picked my mom in the meantime, and then replied his text as soon as I got home. He didn’t reply for two hours, so I thought he needed extra sleep or wanted to rest for few more hours. I asked whether he wants me to leave him alone and wait until he texts me back. He then replied that he is in town to buy dog food with his friend. I replied saying that’s okay, because he usually goes out only for few hours so I thought to myself I can wait. I waited for his text till I eventually feel sleepy and told him I’ll sleep, I woke up in the middle of the night. No reply, no late goodnight text, or cancellation. Unfortunately I feel extra sensitive and took it to heart, I mean it wasn’t me who set up the time, It was him, so I thought he has checked his schedule when he can be available for me. I don’t mind if he texts me to tell me that we can’t talk that day, but he didn’t. So I told him, that he should have not made an appointment if he doesn’t have the time for it, turned out he was out with his friend all day, and said will make up for it  and call me the next day (Thursday). On Thursday he told me, he doesn’t think we can talk. It makes me sad realising we won’t talk on weekends and those two days off was our only option and it’s hard to find the right time. I miss him so much.
