0b782c1ab16dc7f3dc719522e5ba2c34a07da1efb36529cc27d7527402bbf7fd;;;I feel so alone sometimes;;;Hey. I'm a long time reddit lurker but have never posted before... But I feel so lost and hurt right now as I sit in a grocery store parking lot, that I figured I would try give writing a post a shot and see if anyone could give me any good advice or even make me feel less lonely.   I'm a 25 f dating a 25 m with diagnosed ADHD. We have been in a relationship for just over 2 years. We have a lot of issues and fight so much. He lives with me and my parents because he's been handed shit hand in terms of life and we wanted to give him a fair shot at picking up his life.  I don't want to get into many details but atm I'm just feeling overwhelmed. I try and ask him to please keep track of his cups and dishes better, since he has a habit of constantly leaving them wherever he uses them and I'm left to pick them up. I know it is due to his ADHD and I try to be patient. Just like I try to be patient at the fact that he rarely ever comes to check up on me to see how I'm doing or to give me affection; meanwhile I'm constantly making sure he's okay as he plays video games or cards in his room.  But today--and subsequently the reason I'm posting this-- is that we got into a fight. Except from my POV I wasn't trying to fight... At all. I had just been trying to explain my feelings. See, I have a 1 year old German Shepherd who loves going out on walks, and me and my Bf have been trying to go on walks more to be healthy and to improve our relationship... But I was told to wait since he was in the middle of a video game and had to finish "one thing." I'm an avid video game player myself so I get it-- take 10 mins to get to a good and safe stopping/saving point and then good to go!  ... Except the dog and I ended up waiting about half an hour. Now, normally this wouldn't be a bit deal... Until it dawned on me that I'm constantly expected to wait for him to do whatever he finds that he needs to do, before getting what I want. If I cook dinner and ask him to come eat, I have to wait until his game is over. If I ask him to help me take in the groceries and he spots a stack of magic: the gathering trading cards, I'm told to wait until he sorts through the whole stack... To the point where I'm usually done by the time he puts it down. If I need help with something, I have to wait for him to finish what he's doing or else he gets angry with me.  Well today I was feeling kind of sad about it.i have my own issues-- chronic anxiety, depression, ocs... So I told him I was sad and he asked me why, and I didn't really have an answer. So he left me in my room for a solid 15 minutes to go back into his room to finish his video and came back, which had only made me sadder in his absence. Eventually I admitted that it made me sad that I was left constantly waiting and felt put second in a lot of aspects. I made sure to say it in a calm way that didn't sound accusatory or like I was BLAMING him-- I was just trying to be truthful about my emotions.   He got angry.   He told me about how he has explained this a million times and that it has to do with his ADHD and that he can't change anything about it and won't apologize for the behavior. I ended up falling into silence as I usually do, as he tells me that since I don't have ADHD, that I "won't get it." And he's right-- I've never claimed to be an ADHD expert. But this response made me feel so unheard and made me feel like my emotions or feelings weren't important at all. I've been holding in tears for over an hour because I had to drive him to work, and he recovered from the fight rather quickly, but I didn't want him to know I was still upset about it as I didn't want to stress him out before work.  I'm just feeling so sad. I feel like I'm not allowed to say anything if it pertains to a behavior caused by his ADHD. I feel like I'm always told I have to deal with it and the emotions it causes by myself, or else I'm being unfair. I'm so sick of feeling so alone and unheard and unimportant because of this. I love him and do my best to care for him but this sort of thing always just tears me into pieces that I have to pick up by myself, lest I make him angry and self-defensice again by trying to talk about it. I don't know what to do.
