0cd55289e5c0ccc89d00a6255d48df68b2daacc9cef8ba1c9b41d86d6a8ca465;;;Actions have consequences, but the lack of action does, too.;;;We've (I've) been planning on moving out together since late January/early February. We both ended up leaving our jobs in April, and I quickly found a new one that would be enough for my portion of rent at the places we (I) were seriously considering.   He's been out of work since April, saying he'd apply places because he knows we need to move out, etc. We had a long talk after I posted here the first time about how I cannot take on the "mother" role and I refuse to baby him and tell him to do everything one by one. He said deadlines really help him, so back in the beginning of May I said, "I need for all of the moving out and job stuff to be figured out by June 30th. Otherwise I'm moving back to my parents and we will just have to deal with an hour distance until you get your stuff done. This does not mean put it off until June 20th, because it takes longer than that to apply places and gain proof of income."   Low and behold...June 30th is approaching and he's JUST started applying like crazy. I told him I was already planning on moving back home because he showed no signs of trying to get a job and get it figured out until the last minute, and I knew it wouldn't work out because of that. I hate being right in this case, but here we are. He said he just doesn't get to "panic mode" until the last minute. I said I feel like if he genuinely loved and cared about me, seeing me in a panic over not knowing whether I have housing for next year for the past 5 months should've kicked his butt into gear. It didn't.   Now I'll have to stand by my word and move back home because I don't want to renew my lease another year and can't qualify for a place by myself yet. I'll be an hour from school and will have to move jobs again to accommodate the move.   Actions definitely have consequences, but I feel like the lack of action can have even worse consequences. I'm not even mad, I already knew it wouldn't happen when I set the deadline and he didn't do anything. He now fears I'll resent him and offered to pay for us to live in a hotel (an idea I brought up months ago as the absolutely LAST RESORT because it's so expensive...I guess he just thought that would work so why bother) but I said no because that is a waste of 1600/month.   Standing my ground is so hard. Distance sucks and I will be more stressed than anticipated being that far away from school and work. If I give in and give him another month to find something and help me find a place for us, I'll be letting it slide.   I don't want to be a mother figure but I feel like I have to treat this as I would a child. It sucks and I'm hurting.
0cd55289e5c0ccc89d00a6255d48df68b2daacc9cef8ba1c9b41d86d6a8ca465;;;I am realizing that the ADHD my partner has is seriously damaging my own mental health because of the relationship strain. How do I get through this?;;;I'm tired. I'm tired of the tables being turned on me, the arguments, things not getting done unless they're important to him, the uncertainty of whether he'll be interested in an hour, the shutting me out, the emotional roller coaster...I'm just tired.   He won't go to therapy or get help because of his family's negative views of it. He has said that when we move out (which he has made no effort to help me with, despite the fact I've been asking for help since January and my lease is up in July) he'll go. I don't know whether to count on that.   He had a bad experience with ADHD medicine a few years back and doesn't want to try it again. I get that, but I feel like he should at least be going somewhere to get help other than medicine. I get help for my depression because I know I can be a wrecking ball if I don't have weekly therapy and I want better for him AND myself.   I have been having such a hard mental day. He called to check on me, then said that he doesn't understand why I'm having a hard day and am so stressed, then said nothing seems to be getting better. Naturally, that just stressed me out more.   He told me he'd apply for jobs today to ease the stress of trying to apply to apartments. He didn't. He hasn't helped me look anywhere, even though he said he would. My renewal date for my current place has passed because he told me, "Don't renew, I want to live with you. We'll figure it out by then." He always asks what he can do, I tell him exactly what would help me (ex. applying for jobs so he can at least be taking interviews in June), and he doesn't do it and asks why I'm so upset and says it doesn't make sense.   I'm tired of shouldering the weight. I'm about to just let it all fall down and crash. I love him so, so much...how do I get through this? Can I get through this?
0cd55289e5c0ccc89d00a6255d48df68b2daacc9cef8ba1c9b41d86d6a8ca465;;;Actions have consequences, but the lack of action does, too.;;;We've been talking about moving in together since January. I've posted on here before explaining it all, but the tl;dr is that he's put next to no effort towards moving out and getting settled with me. We both quit our jobs in April so that set us back, but I was back to work and applications very quickly because I wanted to move out with him rather than renewing my own lease. He kept saying he'd apply and get a job, and has just now started to get serious about it.   I told him a month or two ago that I felt like if he really cared about me and my feelings, he'd see the stress it has put on me to not know where I'd be living next year and want to do his part to fix it. He said he needed a deadline so he could have a definitive date that it had to be done. Well, my lease runs out August first and I don't qualify for an apartment on my own because of my income, so my only option would be to move back to my parents and have to change jobs yet again and be an hour away from school.  It is already too late to renew my lease, as I trusted him when he said we'd figure it out before the renew date passed.   I said fine, deadline is June 30th. I also said that doesn't mean I want him to put it off and wait until the last minute because it takes longer than a week to get everything settled and figured out. I would know since I've moved out on my own and also have been the one investigating apartments and contacting people.   Here we are, a week out, and he's JUST started to get serious about it. I've already said to just forget it and I'd move back to my parents because I can't rely on him anymore since he's waited until the last minute and I am now screwed. I have an interview for a job close-ish to my parents on Monday, and I know I have to keep my word and stick to the deadline no matter how much he tries to tell me to just wait and he'll figure it out. It's just too late.   I hate having to "mother" and "put my foot down." This is an adult relationship, why is my frustration and anxiety for the last FIVE MONTHS not enough for my partner to kick into gear? His excuse is, "I always wait until the last minute on everything. We can live in a hotel for now then figure it out."  I brought up the hotel idea 3 months ago as an absolute last resort, and I guess he heard "I have plenty of time, there's a solution. No worries."  No. Just no.   Tl;dr I'm hurting. I'm frustrated. I'll be an hour from school and 40 minutes from anywhere I work (my parents are in an extremely small town) because he waited until the last minute and I got screwed in living situations. He lives at his parents so has no concept of urgency when it comes to applying and finding a place to live and everything that goes into it. I've done what feels like all the work, set the deadline he asked for, and still got hurt.
