111bafee7f833f07bbb6354b8e8868d46be390a1e90fac054b1486037954f77e;;;Attention seeking help?;;;My diagnosed SO has a habit of talking alot and needing alot of affirmation. If we go into a store together, I'll be found in the aisles and he can be found chatting with the cashier, a random bypasser, whomever is open for a chat. He's very sociable and knows how to break the ice like no one I've ever known. I totally lack this charm, and I do feel he tries to be charming. I mean he is.   But this has been rubbing me the wrong way, as he's making himself interesting to strangers and friends alike, with ..by a lack of better wording, "my things".  I've been lactose intolerant for a while now. While in a souvenir shop, I overhear him talking to the cashier that we've been going on a dairy free diet. Once out the shop I asked him if he's suddenly lactose intolerant too, how weird! He just brushes it off and I leave it at that, but it irked me some.  When we have friends over, he'll jump the gun on any new stuff or hobbies I tried out and talks like it's his before I get a chance. Recently I got a new music instrument, so while I'm making drinks, he'll show them how to play it. I'm getting into collecting a special breed of plants, he's there talking over me about the weirdest species he's seen. I've been doing research for starting a business of my own and barely get feedback from his side, BOOM he's sure got some tips when my friends are over, that he didn't share when we were alone. I mean, what's going on here?  &amp;#x200B;  When he's out the house, meeting up with people, I like to plan girlsnights. It has happend quite a few times that he misremembered the date and is back at our house all of a sudden. Forgetting dates is something you're all familiar here, but instead of giving us the space, he just sticks with us the entire evening. I don't want to make him feel unwelcome so I remain too polite, but it's ruined more than one evening for me with his attention seeking.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm not sure if this falls under the trouble of reading social cues, or if this is something entirely different. Maybe it's not ADHD related at all, but I feel like his personality has merged with me sometimes.   Have any of you encountered this?
