117ce31bd357a28be0d998598403005d51fbd17ab97151ba0dd569c9be3a3020;;;Is this normal?;;;Sooo, maybe this isn‘t the most neutral Post and it’s not only about adhd but I just Need to get my feelings out.  I‘m 15 right now and a few months ago my dad has been diagnosed with pretty Heavy adhd. He has to take his medication in doses that are usually illegal. Before he got diagnosed he was a Heavy drinker and did a lot of drug, like a lot of people with adhd tend to do, because he thought it made him „normal“. during that time he hasn’t been the healthiest and to be honest, has treated me and my mom pretty shitty. He‘s been physically violent towards me and my mom for the tiniest things, wanted to stab my mom while she was holding me when she was trying to leave him (actually, he did a lot of fucked up shit to my mom, but this is about me, she can make her own post), made me feel like shit for making any „mistakes“ ( fun fact, your child doesn’t leard how to do something faster if you scream at them and tell them how stupid they are, and no, not even if you get physical), pulled senseless pranks on me ( feel free to imagine anything from „hey, why don’t i feed my toddler peperonies and watch them cry“ to „hey, why don’t I tell my child I‘m very sick and dying„), blamed me for a lot of his problems because apparently I‘m an „asshole“ (quote), left my single mom alone with me without ever calling for 1 1/2 years because he „didn‘t care about the child if she didn’t care about him“, got into fights with me (physical or verbal) for „fun“, told me I was uncool when he tried to make me smoke cigaretts at age 6 and I did not want to and never really has shown any interest for me as a person (I mean, I have loved writing and making up stories forever and the only time he asked about it was when he asked me to write his biography) or respected me and my privacy in any way (he once threatened to kick in the door while I showered, because it took „too long“, he made me open the door, stomped in while I stood there, naked, got a fucking magazine and stomped out again)  sorry for that, I just feel the need to write stuff down.   the Diagnosis explains a lot of things. It explains his tempers and I know that all of the things he did came from a place of deep suffering. (Of course I know that neither all people with adhd, nor all people with addiction problems are like that. More importantly I know that he would never do anything like that again.  The thing is, a lot of our past has affected me mentally. I‘ve tried to talk to him about it, but he got all defensive and I endet up blaming myself to make him stop. And I know that this is past and whenever I try to bring it up he tells me that I can’t stay mad about those things forever. He is right in a way, but what he doesn’t get is that I‘m not mad about the things he did, I‘m mad about the way they’ve shaped me.   i know that brooding about stuff in the past doesn’t solve anything. I‘m in a way better place now and I’m continually growing. The insecurities, the self hatred, they‘re not a part of my life anymore. But sometimes I just walk around, I talk to myself and I get mad. I wanted to tell him for years, maybe I just want him to apologiz. But how can he apologize for something that he doesn’t even get and that I can’t explain to him, because he finds it hard to listen to other people.  so know we come to my actual question. I know my dad loves me, he shows it in his weird ways. But I can not ever talk about myself to him because he just stops listening or starts talking about his special interests.  Shouldn‘t I, as his child be a special interest? I know our relationship is complicated and that I‘ve been very distant in the past few years, I also don’t think that people with adhd can choose their special interests, but shouldn’t that be given naturally?     Thank you for listening.
