11eefe40e40a2ae30126437c6589fe2465dce2fdb4881548b5ff0b892c755a8c;;;It's not a secret, it's just not that interesting/I forgot about it.;;;I'm curious how many others here have experienced something similar. It doesn't even have to be specifically about the topic of my example, but the concept in general. Of feeling like they are keeping a secret but it's just their mind filtering it out for whatever reason.  A few months ago my girlfriend and I had a conversation after I was starting to feel a little bit out of the loop of her life. Specifically her social life. She had been visiting a friend out of town during the fall of last year and when she came home she told me all about their night out and the people they hung out with. Then a few months ago she mentions talking to a guy about her career, the guy being a friend of the friend she was visiting. She had mentioned him in passing when she talked about her night out but nothing since then. So I sat us down and asked about her social life because I was starting to feel like it was growing into this big mystery. At first she felt a bit attacked, as though I was accusing her of something. But as we talked we both realized how the other saw the whole thing. She didn't feel like she was secretive, she just didn't think to mention people or conversations unless they were impactful or interesting because they fly by her without necessarily sticking in her mind. And that making a new friend didn't seem like it needed an announcement, those things just happen. So I talked about how it looked from my perspective; it read like she was hiding something because all I saw was her looking at her phone, messaging with 'someone' and only later finding out that it was some new person she had only briefly mentioned months ago. Which further makes me wonder how many people she talks to that she has never mentioned. I explained to her that it  makes me feel intentionally left out and that her connections with new people seems suspect because they are not disclosed at all. So it reads as though they are being hidden from me for some reason.  Since that conversation, there has been a shift in both of us. She is much more proactive in mentioning people and conversations I am much more relaxed knowing if someone isn't mentioned isn't because she's hiding the conversation so much as it is she isn't finding the conversation interesting or important enough worth sharing. And that if she mentions someone new now, I expect they may keep in contact even though she doesn't specifically say that.
11eefe40e40a2ae30126437c6589fe2465dce2fdb4881548b5ff0b892c755a8c;;;Tips on handling the ”emergency”/panic.;;;So as much as I/we have a lot of tools to deal with symptoms and very open communication. I find I still lack in knowing how to handle sudden emergencies/panic over whatever. For example, my SO called me today and started talking about how hot it was in the apartment and it starting to get to her. I tried to be practical about it to help her find a solution but it was just making her frustrated and more anxious. Then she got mad and told me if I didn’t feel like helping she can call someone else when she’s feeling panic. So I asked what she needed since I was trying to help, so she says she wants me to let her know we will fix that one thing we talked about in regards to the apartment (but I figured she knows that already since it’s been decided) and otherwise just talk her down.   That is all fine and good but the issue is, sometimes when I try that approach she gets upset that I am not trying to be practical and find an immediate solution. And she’s often very argumentative when I am trying to give her some positive perspective. So it feels like I am playing a guessing game every time. And mostly I find myself extracting myself from the situation completely and let her cool down, but that often makes her feel emotionally ignored, but I also don’t always feel like being scolded for the way I am trying to help. But she knows this but she also can’t always help it, as she puts it; it’s the panic talking. And I get that it’s hard for her, but it adds unnecessary stress for me since I feel like I’m damned if I do, damned if I don’t.  Anyone found any successful strategies here?
