1200996f78195eade8bcba411af28db78958425cf2e1b0f2cbbcf109d96df391;;;ADHD and lying;;;On mobile so apologies in advance for formatting!  My husband (28 dx) is doing so well and works on himself everyday. We obviously have little issues here and there that we are both working on, like every couple. But the one thing I can't seem to get through to him on is lying. He lies about the silliest things that don't matter. It hurts my feelings and makes me feel insecure. I don't think he would ever cheat on me or betray me, but if he lies about stupid things, who's to say he wouldn't lie about something serious? How can I be sure?  Anyway I recently caught him lying about something silly, again. And I calmly told him I knew he was lying. He tried again and again to prove he wasn't but it was so obvious he was. I know for certain! He didn't get mad at me, and stayed light hearted the whole time, which makes me know he was lying even more! I could tell he knew he was in the wrong. He told me that I was making him question his reality and causing a lot of anxiety for him so I dropped it, but he kept bringing it up. I told him I wasn't mad but that I didn't believe him and I could tell that was very upsetting for him.  I realized that the lies are making me feel resentful towards him and I don't want that. I love him and I want to have a happy, lifelong marriage with him. We won't be able to start therapy together for a few months yet, but until then, what can I do? Should I continue trying to calmly and lovingly point out when I've caught him in a lie, or just ignore it until it can be discussed in therapy?
1200996f78195eade8bcba411af28db78958425cf2e1b0f2cbbcf109d96df391;;;Compulsive lying;;;I (24f) think my husband (26m, dx, med 1 year) is compulsively lying to me. I've caught him lying to me once about a purchase we made. We had a conversation about trust and he promised to be more honest with me. I know being compulsive is a symptom of adhd and I've overheard him admit to his brother that he has no problem lying, and if caught in a lie he'll just continue to lie. He also has anxiety and depression, and I'm sure that doesn't help the lying either.  I do think he's still lying to me. About stupid shit that doesn't even matter. For example, last night while I was laying in bed, waiting for him to come to bed, I suddenly started to smell cigarette smoke in our bedroom. I text him asking if he's smoking, so I can ask him to open the garage door so the smell stops getting in the house, and he vehemently denied it. And when he came to bed he smelled very strongly of smoke. WE BOTH SMOKE. There's literally no reason for him to deny it so much.  He even promised me he didn't smoke but I don't believe him. It hurts to think that he's lying to me. That he thinks I'm stupid or simply doesn't respect me. I feel like if he doesn't care about communicating with me, he doesn't care about our marriage. I'm so angry about it. I don't have any proof so I'm not sure if confronting him about it is the right thing to do. Any advice on what to do, whether I should talk to him about it or not, would be appreciated.  He's wonderful in so many ways and we love each other dearly, the last thing I want to do is drive a wedge between us.
