125f2a50372f357c7298ef44d410ac5115027a8719115f579ca06f781984b16f;;;New boyfriend has ADHD, I'm afraid he could lose interest in us?;;;Hi all. Thanks for reading. I'm new to this community. Sorry for typos as I'm on mobile.  My boyfriend (29M) and I (27F) have been together for about 2 months. It's kind of a whirlwind romance that happened relatively quickly: about 2 and a half months ago I was moving out of the city where we both lived and we had a very intense connection at the end of my time there. I have known him for about 2 years prior to this, we had just never really gotten to know one another. I needed a place to stay due to car trouble and ended up living with him for about 2 weeks before I actually left the area. During those 2 weeks we became boyfriend/girlfriend and he even said he loved me. It certainly felt a bit fast to me but it also felt totally right and he didn't pressure me into doing or saying anything I wasn't comfortable with. I went through with my move, though, and we are doing long-distance for a while, with the plan being for me to join him in a few months in the city where he will be starting a new job in the new year.   He's an absolutely amazing guy and I am lucky to have him. He's intelligent, gentle, patient, kind, funny, and successful, and I really feel like we are well-matched. I feel so happy with him and I believe he may be my long-term partner (just my gut feeling). I have dated a good number of guys seriously before (I think I've had about 7 or 8 serious relationships) and none of them even mildly compare to what I have with my current boyfriend.   He has been 100% upfront with me about the fact that he has ADHD and takes medication for it. It's never something I've had issue with and I'm glad he has been honest with me about it. The more I've gotten to know and love him, the more I've wanted to understand what ADHD really is and how it impacts his life so that I can be the partner he needs me to be. He seems to manage it pretty well with medication and he is pleased with that. We frequently talk openly about it and he has taught me many things about his relationship with it specifically.   When doing research on ADHD and dating, one of the concerns raised was that it can happen for the party with ADHD to get really into someone at the beginning of a relationship and then lose interest when things cool off a little (I know this can happen to anyone, but the video I watched did seem to stress this point). Since ADHD has a lot to do with impulsivity (from what I can tell), this worries me a little. We got together and said I love you pretty fast, and although we seem to be making things work as they are now, what if it isn't sustainable? It is kind of too early to tell at 2 months. He hasn't really said or done anything that is foreboding, he will actually be visiting me next week, but I'm afraid of him losing interest.  I feel like this is a concern I should raise with him, but I also don't want to point-blank ask him if what we have is solid because I don't want him to think I doubt him. He keeps mentioning our future and how he can't wait for us to move in together, but I'm usually the one who initiates that kind of talk. I'm also usually the first to text or call him. I know ADHD can make you be off in your own world and I don't freak out about him forgetting to contact me(usually what happens), but I also have fallen pretty hard for this wonderful goofball and I would be heartbroken if things fizzled out. I know ultimately only so much is within my control, but how can I/should I communicate this concern with him in the most diplomatic way possible?  Thanks for taking the time to read my long post!
