14efbfba0a82b9f4bcab7472347b920bec782346925e1e367ecd351547732667;;;How to make him understand his adhd?;;;PS: there are good things about our relationship obviously but I will only be talking about the issues here  Me(19F) and my boyfriend(22M) have been together for two years. I love him and I know he loves me, but I have been very distant lately bc I'm not doing well and I think I have finally admitted to myself all the things that are not working, and not ok for me, in the relationship. I have built up a lot of anxiety the past month or two that only worsens when I am with him because I'm not ready to talk to him about everything, but I also don't have energy to pretend that everything is ok.  He obviously notices that something is off, and this weekend he asked me if I was ok, and I told him that I'm having a hard time and I don't know why but I know that I will be ok. Now, because I hadn't been in the best mood in the universe, he responded with this: "if I knew this I would have gone to visit my friend instead" in a moody tone. I just told my boyfriend who tells me he loves me more than anything in the whole world that I'm not well mentally, and he responds with this? The sad thing is, I actually wasn't that shocked... when I brought up his response later that day, he tried to explain himself saying that he only meant that maybe it would have been better if I had some alone time. Sure, he can't control it if he gets irritated by my negative energy, but excusing this response with ADHD is quite a stretch.  Things like this have happened multiple times before. I once started crying a bit on the phone telling him about my sick grandmother, and he was irritated asking me why I didn't talk about these things when we are together instead of over the phone because he doesn't like it bc he can't do anything about it. Like, I'm sorry I didn't time my sadness to fit your non-existent schedule???   Whenever I try to talk to him about something about our relationship, he ALWAYS, without fail, makes it into "If I'm such a bad boyfriend then break up with me and find a better one". No matter the words I use, no matter how carefully placed, no matter if I'm just telling him "hey, these past two years I have noticed that what makes me feel loved is small surprises and physical touch. Like remember this thing you did? That really made me so happy and I am so thankful. I just feel like I need a bit more of that." Honestly, how can you possibly make that into a negative thing it's insane.   I would talk to him and express the things that i have issues with and explain how I understand his ADHD makes this and that difficult and try to discuss ways to work with it, but he is one of those people who believe that his ADHD is who he is and if I ever bring it up he is offended and tells me I don't know what I am talking about. Meanwhile I have read a book for partners of ADHD, AND for adults with ADHD because he would never read the book and I thought I would try to understand more and maybe tell him about what the book recommends. Written by the leading scientist in the field of ADHD research. In addition to god knows how many articles and videos. But he only tells me that the guy doesn't know what he is talking about, he doesn't even have ADHD himself...  As you can probably tell, I am done being the only one trying to work on the relationship, trying to help him with something only he can help himself with, and forgetting myself in the process. I am so, so tired, but I also have absolutely no idea what to do. I am stuck. I can't break up (just would not be able to do it, at least not yet) and I can't talk to him because he wont listen. I talk to him, he gets mad, I try to leave him alone so that he can calm down and think but he wont let me leave, I start crying, he gets mad that I am crying because then he has to be the one who "always has to fix things when we fight"..  Does anyone know what I am supposed to do now? Wait it out? Be so distant that he eventually breaks up with me himself? Wait for him to reach the part of his journey where he realises that he actually has to work on himself for a relationship to work? I have given him my absolute everything, but I fear I have nothing left to give and that my resentment is clouding my love for him.
14efbfba0a82b9f4bcab7472347b920bec782346925e1e367ecd351547732667;;;Should I give up? (long post, TL;DR at the bottom but I needed to vent);;;PS: this post only has the bad aspects of our relationship, but we obviously have good things too since we are sill together. Just keep that in mind. I do care about and love him very much despite all of this)  So me(19F) and my SO(22M) have been together for two years. We had an instant connection and fell quickly for watch other, and we both have very intense emotions, and for that reason we started fighting very early in our relationship. He has ADHD, I dont have any diagnosis but I do struggle with my mental health a lot of the time, as a lot of us do. Now in the beginning I was very happy and in love, we would do things together and with each others families and friends, but also do nothing and watch youtube. I remember thinking we were perfect for each other in that way.  When we have a stressful time we have periods of 1-2 weeks where we fight a lot, but we have always made up.   He has been depressed almost our entire relationship, and has a bunch of stuff to figure out. But I have helped him get through it, pass his health worker exam, and he is in a much better place. This strengthened our bond, but also had me utterly exhausted and had me barely passing my first uni exams. I also fought with my mother bc of him that semester which made it impossible for me to keep up with my studies.  There are a lot of things that are wrong, and I saw them from the beginning but I was too in love to recognize them. I wrote a long ass thing about this but it was too long so here is a short explanation:  \- my brothers(M 5 at the time now 7) noise would drive him insane in the beginning of our relationship and he would say mean things about him and about my mothers ability to raise children. I told him to keep it to himself but he apparently couldn't which did lead to some fights.  \- my sister has ADHD and anxiety and depression and all that good stuff, and at some point decided to hate my SO, and so he isn't allowed to be at my place (divorced parents so depending on where she is) when she is there. Which is a whole other thing, but my parents need to pick their battles and get her to school, so they couldn't deal with that as well. Basically he has insulted my parents for how they raise her too.  Other than that our relationships with each others families is ok.  Now to the current issue:  This is my very first relationship, so I didn't know the importance of setting boundaries and communicating needs from the beginning. I also had to read and learn about ADHD along the way. I probably know more about it than him tbh. But this has made me very unhappy. I am an extremely loving person, I have so much love to give and have always done cute romantic things for him. But I never get the same treatment back. He only does things for me if he is doing them for himself too anyway, or if he would be a bad person if he didn't do it. If he is at the store, he might buy me something because he's there buying something for himself anyways, and maybe I would like this new energy drink. I always express a lot of gratitude to make sure that he understands that those things mean something to me. But that is pretty much the extent of the things he does. He gave me breakfast in bed, but he knows that I don't like eating right when I wake up and he told me at a later time that he only did it because he was making it for himself and throwing another egg in there isn't a lot of work. And when he does do something he doesn't want to do for me, he complains and makes sure to tell me he is only doing it because I want to, so I better be happy about it.  For our first year anniversary I made a photo album with a letter and printed spotify song codes in the back. And planned for us to eat at the restaurant where we had our first date. So for our two year anniversary I told him that maybe he could plan the day for us. I hoped he would be excited for the opportunity to surprise me and make me happy. But he was irritated and asked why i couldn't do it if its so important to me. And i was not that surprised but still hurt. I sweetly reminded him multiple times the weeks before the anniversary, and the night before i said «I wonder what you have planned» just to remind him, give him a chance to SHOW me that he loves me. He is under the impression that telling me is enough. He basically tells me that if I doubt him, then I don't love him and all I want is to change him. But you really dont need much time to plan something. Literally just give me a flower from a ditch and make me dinner and I am happy. He ofc didn't plan anything. In the morning he sighed and said «well what do you want to do i guess we can play a game together and eat snacks or something». My heart sunk. My stepfather bought me my favourite cake in case I would be sad that day. I lied and said i dont have any reason to. Still ate the cake though. All we did for our anniversary was eat fried chicken and watch the Joker, a movie I didn't really want to watch.   I wanted him to prove to me that he cared and that he wanted to make me happy. I know he believes that he loves me, but I need him to want to do things because they make me happy. I didn't want to make pancakes and drive to his work to give it to him after an exhausting day at school, but I did it because he was hungry and I wanted to see him smile. That stuff is just something I do without much thought for people I love.  He is continuously pointing put this one time after we'd been together for maybe 8 months or so, when he had planned for us to do something together, but since I didn't know about it I planned to be with a friend that day. After that ONE time he decided planning things is pointless and that if he tries I'm going to have some other plans. Mind you we are two years in now, and he still point out this one time as an excuse for not planning things.   I am just so confused and I don't know what to do. Maybe it is all excusable bc of his ADHD. I have been so extremely patient and understanding with him, but he doesn't even know and will never know because I don't exactly tell him "hey I am really tired and I don't want to have to accept that the room is messy and that I have to wait until it is the right time or your mother threatens to ban me from the house for you to start cleaning it, but I will because I know that if I ask you kindly instead of complaining you will eventually do it". I just suck it up and give him a kiss on the cheak and ask him if "he maybe sometime today could do this one thing for me it would really help me out"  How much are you supposed to adjust? I feel like I am the only one who does any work to make this relationship work. I am the one who tries to talk about things, only to be met with "if im such a bad bf then break up with me". I am the one who reads countless articles about relationships. I am the one on reddit trying to learn from other people.   When I finally tried to talk to him about my needs, I only used the right terms, talked about how I feel, and what makes me happy and how I feel like I need more of those things. I used the few examples I had of things he had done that made me happy to encourage him. But he still took it as criticism and gaslighted me talking about how I am saying he is not enough and telling me I am trying to change him.   I dont want to change him, I just want him to understand that being in a relationship means doing things you usually dont want to because you love someone and it makes them happy (within a set of boundaries of course).  I dont know if he doesnt love me but just likes me being around because it is comfortable and because i am there for him, of if this really simply is just who he is and he is never going to do much for the one he loves. He doesnt generally do much for his family either so maybe that is a sign.   I have built up so much anger and resentment that I am distancing myself and struggle with knowing if I really feel in love with him anymore. It goes back and forth. I really dont know what to do.  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR: my SO (2 years) doesn't do things for me while I have every love language combined and love doing things for the people I love. When he does it is because he was doing it for himself anyway, or he complains the entire time. I have tried talking to him about my needs in the best way I possibly could, but it resulted in anger and gaslighting. I am not sure whether or not he isn't capable of really being in a relationship right now, or if he simply doesnt love me the way he thinks he does. He certainly is not willing to work on the relationship or do more/change anything, he said so himself. I dont know what to do, and I don't know what is ADHD and what is him. He is not on medication or any form of treatment and is very resistant to be.  He is soon going to notice that something is off with me and I don't know what to do when that time comes.
