16722f865c51f3073856d38cae521628c32e23fec9de1f79b02a3db377aa8c1d;;;I just need opinions. Is this as big of a deal as I think it is?;;;My husband and I have been together for 5 years, married for 3. We initially bonded over a love of dogs and fostering but over the past 2ish years I've noticed he has become less interested in them, more snippy with their behavioural issues and more aggressive with me. He will snap at me and make snide comments and yell more than he used to. Around that time, he started his own business, so I put it down the the stress of it.  We currently have 3 dogs and I work nights. A few nights ago I got up a bit early to walk the dogs in the evening before I went to work. He jumped up off the sofa and stopped me, saying he'll do it so I went back to bed then went to work.  I got in at about 7 am and the house was dark so I left the lights off, walked the dogs and went into the kitchen to make a drink before bed.   He comes down and walks into some dog mess. He immediately starts swearing so I step out of the kitchen and ask him what's up. The lights are still off at this point, so I can't see that he's stepped in anything, just that he's looking at something with his phone torch.  He swears at me and tells me what's happened, I offer to clear it up and he loses his shit, saying that he can do it himself and he's not a baby. Tells me he never wanted dogs in the first place and that I need to get rid of them. I tell him no, I'm far more likely to get rid of him than the dogs. I admit this was incredibly petty and I should have handled this differently.   He goes into a full meltdown, screaming at me that I should have cleaned it up, calling me a bitch, a lazy, ugly hag and other much much filthier insults. I ask him to please stop calling me names, he laughs and said I would be able to handle it if I wasn't such a "weak willed twat".  He rips the kitchen door off the hinges and mutters about something happening to the dogs so I take them and go into the bedroom. I can hear him screaming at me about how cold I am and lack empathy and that he didn't want me to clean it up, just empathise with him getting his sock wet. In between this I can hear that he is still throwing things and calling me names.    He eventually comes into the bedroom, telling me that we need to fix this right now. He says that if I don't apologize for my lack of empathy that he's going to hang himself and I say "please stop talking like that." And he's like "or what? I bet you'd enjoy seeing me kill myself. I'm gonna do it" and I tell him that I will call the police if necessary.  He throws something at me, (I have the covers over myself and I can't see) and it smashes on the wall.  He leaves to go back downstairs so I get up and into my car.I really don't know what to do. I don't think there's any real risk of him hurting himself, he just said it to get a rise out of me.  This happened 10 or so days ago, and the next day he kinda says well, I wish it didn't happen but I should know by now that he just wants some understanding. This didn't get him the desired effect I guess because later her just said "Sorry" but since then I have not been right at all. I have ignored the other comments he's made, the constant angry outbursts.    The throwing things and breaking doors but I feel like I'm at the end of my rope. He point blank refuses relationship or individual therapy. He's already medicated. Am I bad person if I call it quits here?  Edit: fixed a few spelling.
