170b0c7c2a8bc3ba58107586a7ee6ac0c89c8f64f6c7ed6fa331121f6dd8b265;;;DX boyfriend shutting me out -- what to do?;;;Hi everyone!  So my boyfriend (note: we don't live together, and we've been dating for a little over a year) was diagnosed with ADD since he was a kid, but for the past few years hasn't been taking medication. He's high-functioning -- he can complete tasks (e.g., cleaning, washing dishes, etc.) that are usually difficult for others with the same condition, but he also has the same characteristics as others with ADD -- really forgetful/bad memory, frustration \[never with me or his friends, but with himself\], can't prioritize/plan things, etc. He also actively listens to me and really puts an effort (despite how difficult it is for him, now that i know more about ADD). He's a wonderful, wonderful boyfriend, and at the end of the day, I feel lucky and glad to have him in my life.   So for an unmedicated guy, he was doing relatively well, **until the past couple of days**. This is the first time I've experienced it -- and he did slip that he felt like he felt suffocated and he had a "knot in his chest" every morning (so I'm worried he might have anxiety/depression), and that he maybe needed to get back on medication. But every time I ask him about it or how he's feeling, he'll shift the conversation and/or insist that he's fine.   I've been trying to read up a lot on ADD/ADHD and how it can affect relationships, but I just feel a little lost on what I should do when he's trying to avoid me, or when he doesn't welcome my help (like offers to listen if he wanted to talk/vent). I'm not taking it that personally, tbh (which is a huge step for me -- I used to be so affected until I learned more about ADD). I'm just really concerned. I don't know what I should do, because he's shutting me out, and it's not helping that we aren't physically together. Should I just be silent and let him be, and wait for him to open up? I was apprehensive in doing that since I don't think staying silent is the healthiest way, but when I approach (i.e., text or call him) he just pushes me away. I know my boundaries and I'm working on them, but of course -- I'm still super concerned about how he's been feeling the past week, and I wanna know how I can and should help my boyfriend in this situation.   Any advice would be really appreciated &lt;3
