1723b9187221c44a79ee38d3aebdbc1a9ad76fa050fff1c08f4aacdc68a205a9;;;ADHD/Anxiety/Depression pushing my fiancé away;;;Just need to vent and hope that someone can relate...  I was diagnosed with ADHD a few months ago and I feel so relieved. I’ve struggled with anxiety and soon after depression since high school. Anxiety and depression I think are often caused by my constant feelings of not being good enough due to forgetting so much and having such little motivation from my ADHD. I truly do forget everything and I am constantly feeling that I am stupid or lazy, when I know I am not..  My fiancé and I have been together for 8 years and now that we have a house together, my ADHD symptoms have become a huge issue. He knows I struggle, but when I make mistakes, lose motivation, or forget something...it obviously makes him extremely upset. If he asks why I didn’t do something, “I forgot and will do better” is not an acceptable answer. He explained how “I forgot” wouldn’t be acceptable anywhere else, so why should it be acceptable at home? I see the point and I understand the frustration, but I have no idea what to say besides that I forgot and will do better in the future. I will TRY to do better in the future. I am taking Lexapro and Vyvanse currently and seeing a therapist and truly trying my best. I watch as simple comments about a task I did not complete suddenly spiral into my partner screaming, cussing, and throwing things. A large part of me feels as though this is my consequence as I made the mistake and deserve to be held accountable. I understand that despite my best efforts, I am the one in the wrong and causing him to be upset. But part of me feels like I am beginning to tip toe around my own house in constant fear that I may be forgetting something and don’t deserve to be made to feel worthless when my intentions are so so pure.   I feel like I’m in such a toxic cycle right now. In my head I am trying to do everything right and not forget a single thing and keep the house spotless. When I’m told I messed up and I can hear the anger and disappointment in his voice it instead sends me into ruminating about how completely horrible I am. I become so anxious when a conversation becomes elevated that I can’t remember what myself or my partner has said. I feel horrifically guilty for not being better. Then I am feeling so worthless that it’s impossible to get motivated and be better. The more this cycle repeats the more I find myself not wanting to eat, therefore not remembering to cook, therefore not making dinner and causing yet another issue. My fiancé feels that I am not being held accountable for my actions. What does it mean to be held accountable for your actions? Am I supposed to be scolded for showing symptoms of ADHD?   I feel horrific that I am causing my fiancé an ounce of stress. It nauseates me that my ADHD symptoms can come off as selfish, lazy, and avoiding responsibilities. I hate this about myself. I can’t stress enough how deeply my intentions are to be the best version of myself and make my fiancé happy. The best intentions and trying your hardest aren’t enough are they..?
