1778f94663943713c02571492fd1b78c5201a5cfa17a32f2f36927076789b4b7;;;How do I discuss this with my partner?;;;How to discuss this with my partner?  I have cross-posted this here, my original to ADHD, but maybe some of you can help too. Thank you so much for anything you can advise.  Hi everyone,  Edit: **TL;DR**  Is there a good way that can I bring this topic up to him to discuss it as a possibility?  How can I let him know that I'm here for him and I want to support and understand him?  Can you tell me what is like for you in your head when you get overwhelmed with thoughts like I feel like he's experiencing now? Do you have advice for him when he's going through this?  . . .  I have come to you today to get some perspectives and to learn from you all. This also might be very long, and very general. I don't want him to deduce it's me if he finds this eventually.    I have been with my partner for about a decade and I love him beyond anything in this world. Our relationship however has always been tense and very tumultuous. We had gone to couples counseling, but we could not make that work for us somehow.   We are at the point now that the relationship is broken and I'm scared that it's beyond repair. He's hurt, frustrated and a myriad of other internal feelings, and I'm exhausted, frustrated and sad as well. I recognise that I'm certainly a contributing factor, but I am only able to fully describe my own side, as he isn't here posting. He thinks our relationship has broken down because we don't know how to communicate and he's used the walking on eggshells analogy for his interactions with me.  I'm at a loss. I feel that I've done, said and tried everything I can think of to show him that I love him but every conversation about the relationship almost always ends in an argument. I try my hardest to understand what his point of view is, but he doesn't listen when I try to explain why I feel so hurt and abandoned. I don't want to list everything here, but I've found the ADHD partners subreddit and it's like I'm looking in a mirror.  This is why I come to you:  My partner has brought up (a long time ago) that as a child he was diagnosed with ADHD but was very angry with his family for doing that to him and has never given it a second thought, basically.   Is there a good way that can I bring this up to him to discuss?  How can I let him know that I'm here for him and I want to support and understand him?  Can you tell me what is like for you in your head when you get overwhelmed with thoughts like I feel like he's experiencing now? Do you have advice for him when he's going through this?  I am not a doctor, and I do not want to speculate.  I know we love each other but this is so very difficult and I'm gutted.   This might be the crappiest overview ever, I'm sorry.  Thank you so much to any of you that can help.
