18594e2e8c073e34c4c15a7789a3a30bfa52a1fed5fe893cb8d5e111d7f8c42a;;;Trouble with quality time love language...;;;Both I, and my partner are ADHD. Unfortunately, my love language is quality time and acts of service, which is probably THEE worst ones for ADHD. His love languages are touch and words of affirmation.  When we first started dating he was very talkative, interesting, and would show me cool stuff he reads about. We would hangout, drink wine, and talk about stuff. I loved how easy it felt conversing with him, and it made me feel loved and comfortable. Not that he ISN'T these things anymore, I just am having trouble getting him to spend time with me that isn't a TV show or video game. Also, he rarely tells me about anything that he's reading about or is working on anymore. I always have to prod it out if him, or I just end up being the one talking about stuff sorta AT him.   I suggest allot of ideas that would make me feel loved in the way I need, but he finds allot of those things boring. He tells me he doesn't like to "just talk", but we use to do that! Also, he does it with his friends too! When I bring this up, he says "ya, and it makes me really anxious allot of the time" but it always seems like he's enjoying himself. I just don't know what to do about this.... Like clearly I can't be with someone who can't give me the kind of love I need, but it's beyond me that anyone can get by in life with refusing to have this kind of communication at least ONCE in a while?? Idk, I just feel shut out from what goes on in his head in general.   He's been really good about the acts of service one. We struggled with chores, and stuff like that for a while, but he's really been trying recently. It makes me feel really happy! I still need to be able to communicate and connect the way I do in relationships with quality time, but I know he's open to couples therapy, so we're gonna give that a shot. I'm just worried that if I'm feeling shut out for too long, I'll just distance myself emotionally and there is no saving after that. I feel sorta tricked... Like he gave me this for a while, and then showed me how he really acts now that we're together.... I just miss him I guess, but was that even him?
18594e2e8c073e34c4c15a7789a3a30bfa52a1fed5fe893cb8d5e111d7f8c42a;;;Any tips for letting partner do chores on their own time ?;;;Both of us have ADHD, although I am the very clean/organized person, and he is very much the opposite. I am trying to figure out where I can let my partner get to chores on his own time. It's extremely exhausting doing basically ALL the chores, while keeping track of chores he needs to do, and battling with him to do a simple chore like cleaning his cats litter box.   A few weeks ago I went to visit my mom for the weekend, and he told me he was able to do chores more easily. He says it's because the pressure is off of him, and he can do it on his own time. So I'm trying to find places to let that happen for him, I'm just not sure what to do about ALL the chores though. Like, laundry is an easy one. I can just let him deal with his own clothes, but the litter boxes (we both have cats) HAVE to be cleaned. I don't want to have to remind him to do chores either all the time, I just think subconsciously he knows I'll do them (I use to be that exact way when I lived with my mom, it wasn't on purpose, but I understand now how extremely frustrating it is. Sorry mom!)   Do you guys have tips, or suggestions for chores that are able to be sorta separated ? Also tips on figuring out better reminders for him? I'm starting to get tired of this pattern with him, but I want to try a few things before things like couples therapy, or just ending it. Maybe we can regress and move into our own places, but still date? Loll! I just want to let things blow up in his face, and not have to be bothered by it.    (Please no comments that just say "break up". If you strongly feel that way, please explain. Thank you!)
