19c4a7e0b3302f6f3f442c7380f872606c6d16f66494b3ec8ae9ba3c7d48b50e;;;How to tell partner I have decided to divorce him with minimum drama?;;;Long: For background, we have been married 25 years (grew up fundie, got married straight out of high school). for the entire time we have been married, he has been in and out of work with this last stint of unemployment going on almost 10 years. He has severe ADHD, unmedicated, he has been recently diagnosed as borderline autism spectrum, and has a host of other mental illnesses that are only getting worse as he gets older. He has some pretty severe anger issues as well, and shows some strong and maturity and childishness. he's tried to start his own businesses in the last 2 years but all he did was run me $25,000 into debt and there are no plans or ability to pay me back.  Long story short I do not want to go into the weeds here, as I am sure that I am culpable of what has failed in this relationship as well. However, I am tired of being a parent, I am tired of being the one who takes care of everything that is quote-unquote adult, and I am ready to move on with my life. I can't imagine going on another 25 years with this child man.he on the other hand believes that we have a fantastic relationship.   I have a very high-paying job and a very successful career. I have no interest in continuing to support him, I have no interest  continuing to try to work out this relationship. I have no interest in going to counseling. I feel like I have given my all, I feel like I have done everything I possibly can and I suddenly realized today that I am tired of faking it, I am tired of doing the mental gymnastics needed in order to justify to myself why I should stay. I am ready to move on.  there are a couple of issues that I'm going to have to figure out. First of all, he is not able to support himself and has not supported himself for the entire time that we have been married. I pay all the bills, and he takes care of the house somewhat. He also is the caretaker for our special needs adult son, but he is extremely distracted and he's not the best caretaker. So I'm not sure how those two things would work out.  I guess I'm asking for advice on how to tell him that I have decided to divorce him. I don't want any drama, I just want to move on with my life, but because he is essentially disabled I feel like this is going to be a long drawn-out thing.   Tldr: partner has severe ADHD that has essentially caused him to be disabled. I am no longer interested in being married to him and want to figure out how to tell him without drama.
