1afcd23a38395a6b14bf88ad9e80a17644365a64f1668df6f2fe3798a270363a;;;How do you all deal with gas lighting-like experiences?;;;My partner lives with ADHD and bipolar disorder. Often times when we have arguments or even calm chats or discussions, she begins to get lost or off track, and says/argues things that she doesn't really mean. Often times she describes being unable to remember these things afterwards, but in the moment she will defend them and go down the rabbit hole for as long as I let her. What makes it extra difficult is that she is really resistant to having this pointed out at the time, and it can be really difficult to tell when its happening. The result often is that we spend a lot of energy processing and navigating feelings and statements that later turn out to not be relavant to the discussion at hand, or arguing over points that she doesn't believe.   Example: Today we were having a discussion about strategies for dealing with some auditory triggers that lead to her feeling agitated or hyper focused.  I asked if we could talk about my experience with that, and she got defensive. We took space, which is pretty normal for us, but when I got back she reengaged with what she needed and did not mention my needs. When I restated them, she got agitated and said that they weren't relevant, and began to argue why I shouldn't state those needs. This is pretty antithetical to the expectations in our relationship, and when I pointed that out she got more frustrated. After taking a bunch of space she was able to validate that that was unfair and hurtful, but that took several hours to get to that point and by then I was pretty run down and hurt.  I guess my question is: Do any of y'all experience this with your partners and how do you handle it? It can feel pretty gaslighty, even though I trust that she is not doing it intentionally or with malice. It often prolongs our arguments and leaves me using a great deal of energy processing feelings from her and defending myself from things that the next day turn out not to matter.
