1b5344c13a96e69eb8e1d10f03ec110c04be42cdb0f267c2fab3fd19a3a09fab;;;DX husband - am I the “bad person” in our relationship?;;;My DX husband (32M) and I (28F) married 12/2019, and recently I’ve felt I made a mistake doing so. (I apologize for the long post)  He suffers from depression as well as ADHD, and while he’s in therapy and on anti-anxiety meds as well as Adderall, we haven’t seen much improvement.   — Intimacy is at an all-time low. We have sex once or twice a month, and I initiate. When we do have sex, it’s a few minutes and then that’s it.  — I have to remind him to do most chores: cleaning, calling the doctor, general tidying, etc. luckily he doesn’t forget about helping with our pets, but otherwise I manage 80% of things.  — He doesn’t ask me how I’m doing emotionally. Our conversations mostly revolve around him, his depression, and his ADHD.   Recently I’ve felt at such a loss.   In his therapy sessions, he says he feels that I am overly critical of him, that I need to be his “cheerleader” and support him when he forgets to do things or feels upset— and I’m happy to be the support he needs. But anytime I get even slightly frustrated that he hasn’t done something he said he would, I fall into the “bad guy” role who isn’t supporting him. He calls himself a failure, and I feel like crap, as he says I cannot express disappointment or frustration with him.  I’m exhausted, emotionally, physically and mentally. It feels like while he is working through his problems, I’m there as his therapist, coach, cheerleader, and parent, all the while trying not to hurt his feelings when I express any emotion other than support for his journey. But the fact is he is only managing his ADHD 5 days out of the month, on average, before he reverts, and I’m there the rest of the time trying to manage both my life and his.  I’m so tired of feeling like the bad person and hearing his therapist say I need to be more supportive of him when all I do is try to do that. I’m tired of working through my own life problems while trying to be peppy for him, and if I’m honest, the lack of intimacy is creating its own share of resentment.   I’m at the point where I don’t know if I am in fact the “bad person” in our relationship like how he makes me feel, or how he expresses who I am to his therapist. I’ve tried and tried to be supportive, and now I’m wondering if I’m being gaslit into feeling like something I’m not.  Any advice would be appreciated- I’d like to be more supportive while feeling OK with expressing my feelings to him. Does anyone have experience with this? And please tell me how I can do better if in fact I am the bad one here.
