1bba57585f37c7186a962ad759e097f895e36987867bdfcbf221021e98e11884;;;Ghosted by partner;;;I’ve only dated him for 6 months and I’m his longest relationship (previous was 3 months, he says). He told me from the start he has ADHD, sometimes takes meds (if needing to focus on work) and had therapy for 4 years. He was very keen for the first few months, then went abroad with work for 4 weeks, but was excellent at keeping in touch. I got a new job a further distance from where he is based but made the effort to visit. He started to show signs of being a bit mean-spirited at times, and the lack of future planning or expressing how he felt was now glaringly obvious and couldn’t be concealed by just it being a new relationship.  I know I’ve got an empathetic nature and was giving him space and time. I spoke to him on the phone a few days ago and asked when we would see each other again (considering we’re in lockdown &amp; he’s seemingly happy to be apart for however long). I’d made him part of my support bubble and it doesn’t seem unreasonable to have someone make plans to see me. The pandemic is his fall-back excuse. I know we’re all to reduce social contacts. And I have done. Meeting him in the summer when things were less restricted and now seeing his true level of emotional commitment. He got angry on the phone. I said I needed to get back to work &amp; thanked him for posting something to me (makeup bag I’d left behind at his house). I’ve messaged him twice the day after the phone conversation. No reply. One message was to thank for the parcel and say I’d put money in his account for postage (which i did) and another was video of the snow (as he’d sent me one a few days earlier).  I feel sad. He’s not communicating. It hurts. I wasn’t pushing him, I gave him space. He couldn’t say anything about a future or say if he felt anything more deeply. To be ghosted by someone I’ve spent a lot of time with for last six months is awful. I’ve seen him online so he’s ok, just not responding to me.  Friends have told me to not message or call him. They said I did more than enough and he wasn’t ready for relationship. The times we did spend together was nice.  How do I get past this?
