1bfc737d4837eb001495b76ea9a9abe905dd68e347842245327a860ba714e805;;;Afraid of the future;;;I am 28F, my partner is 31M, diagnosed not treated ADD. We have been together for almost 9 years. Daily life together is not easy, as most of you, I take most of the responsibilities in the house and whenever he does something, it is because I kindly reminded him to. I am trying my very best to be gentle, patient and loving because I know his ADD makes him miserable sometimes. But, some days, I cannot shake this feeling that I am only delaying the unavoidable. That one day it’s just going to be too much and I am going to be too exhausted of always measuring my words so that he doesn’t get upset, too tired of doing the work around the house or having to gently remind him of his household chores. We are approaching this age of eventually having kids and I cannot express how unbelievably terrified I am of it. For all of you who deal with the same feelings everyday, how do you stop being afraid of loving the person you love and how do you manage to get rid of the anxiety and sometimes resentment you feel?
1bfc737d4837eb001495b76ea9a9abe905dd68e347842245327a860ba714e805;;;Here's a little help for my Non-ADHD fellows;;;Hello r/ADHD_partners,  I come here many times. Even if I don't post, I come here to read your posts, so that I don't feel so alone and misunderstood at times. Sometimes I ask for help and others, I try to give my "five cents" on your posts.   Today, I came here to share with you a resource that probably most of you know already. But if you don't and this helps you as much as it helps me, then I am happy.   [How to ADHD](https://howtoadhd.com/) started as a Youtube channel, created by Jessica McCabe, who was diagnosed with ADHD as a child and has been dealing with it her all life. Me and my partner found out about her channel, after watching her Ted Talk: [Failing at Normal: An ADHD Success Story](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiwZQNYlGQI). It was actually because of this talk that my partner ended up being diagnosed with ADHD. If you have never seen it, please do.   Jessica's videos are incredibly helpful, in my opinion. First, they are very educative and, foremost, research-based. There is a lot of misinformation about ADHD out there and I honestly think she does a very good job fighting it back.   Her videos also help me on a whole other level though. As non-ADHD partners, we take on a whole lot:  it is not uncommon for us to end up taking most of the family's chores and responsibilities. Frustration, impatience and resentment build up and it is incredibly hard to not take things personally. After a while, it becomes difficult to be patient or to feel empathy for our SO because most of the times, we are the ones dealing with most of the shi#$y downsides of ADHD.   Our feelings are justified, and that is why her videos are helpful to me. Personally, having someone else openly speaking about the ADHD struggles, somehow makes me feel more generous towards my partner. Maybe it is because he himself doesn't share most of his feelings/frustrations regarding his own ADHD, I somehow find Jessica to be his voice sometimes and it becomes easier to understand his behaviour.   I am sure some of you will disagree and that is okay. Each one of us finds our own way to cope with our partner's ADHD and to fight for our relationships, with its ups and downs. I just thought that, nevertheless, this was a nice source of information to share with you and, again, if it helps one of you, as much as it helps me, then it is worth it :) Have a great day!
1bfc737d4837eb001495b76ea9a9abe905dd68e347842245327a860ba714e805;;;A genuine call for help;;;Long story short: I (28F) met my partner (31M dignosed, not treated) 9 years ago. We dated long distance for most of the first 4 years of our relationship. The decided to move countries and we finally got together for the first time. In the 4 years that followed, we was fired twice. We moved countries again last June. He got a job just two weeks after we arrived. I have been thrilled, for the first time in a very long time, we had some kind of stability. Then yesterday I came home to the news that he has been fired. I feel numb, I don’t know how to react to this. I feel like I haven’t recovered from the last period that he was unemployed (his depression and ultimately despair and my taking all the strength I could master to lift him up and saving our relationship) and now, everything will happen again. I want to support him, I know he will be in a very dark place soon and I want to be there for him, but I am afraid I will not have the strength myself to help him. This is not a rant or vent, it’s the most sincere cry for help and advice. I am aware of the red flags here, but I am also well aware of how much he tries. I swear to whatever god that I have never seen someone trying so hard and yet, never seen someone being so unlucky. It is painful to watch him fall again and again and feel utterly powerless about it...  TLDR: Partner was fired for the third time. He’s destroyed, I want to help succeed but don’t know how.
