20e9195c71093c71b24abb83e1adfa7a5f68fc5fd630971178b907e8f5ce81eb;;;My (35F) fiance (34M - Diagnosed, on Meds) can't seem to "see" me;;;This year has been awful for so many reasons, but one of them for me has been that the constant togetherness with my (35F) fiance (34M - diagnosed, intermittent DX) has caused a bunch more friction in our relationship.  We are just... not coping well. We were engaged in March at the start of the pandemic after 2.5 years of being together, and we were doing really well for the first month or so. He even somehow got a freelance job during the pandemic (at my work, I helped him get it) that he could do remotely after a year of being unemployed.   Now, we just are arguing all the time. Fighting about stupid stuff like doing the dishes, keeping things tidy, how we address each other. He constantly argues with me about the "way" I talk to him and "If you had only said it this way..."  I have tried talking to him about my needs and wants a million different ways, always minding the RSD, but it's like he can't see or hear me - only what he expects to hear (criticism). He constantly wants to talk about his special interest and if I dont want to, he gets mopey. Our sex life is ziltch despite asking him to try harder, and doing what I can to initiate, etc. I've had strangers on planes express more interest in a 20 minute conversation with me than he has our whole relationship this last year, and I'm tired of setting my needs aside waiting for him to grow up!  I got him into couples therapy with me a few weeks ago (after a biiig argument) because I was at my wits end and really stressing about getting married when we are communicating so poorly. The therapist gave us this massage/intimacy homework that requires him to initiate and he doesn't want to do it. That was sort of the last straw..  So, I gave the ring back today. I told him I need to press pause while we figure out what to do. Now we're moving into separate bedrooms. I feel so guilty and scared that I am making a big mistake, but I don't know how to get through to him that I'm serious that we need big change... It's like we need to start over and get rid of all of our assumptions and preconceptions about the other person.   This is awful, and I am so so so sad. Is that common in ADHD where the person literally just can't empathize or recognize another's needs or perspective? I feel like I also have some ADHD symptoms with organization and time management, but I do so much to go out of my way to make sure others feel taken care of and considered. Why can't he do the same? Why is it always about him and his needs? Why can't he even try to repair out intimacy?
