210d8eb49893db77503ce3e3afacffc3f9829c81948e872fe1c6b67dfefb7bdd;;;I think my (23f) bf (25m Dx) is emotionally neglectful and sometimes downright toxic, but I feel unsure.;;;I think I want some validation and outside perspective. Especially, since I often second guess myself because I have been abusive in the past, and feel sometimes like I can't see if I'm being treated badly as a result. I'm sorry for the long post, I'm not sure how to tell this without context.  A few nights ago I as drifting in and out of sleep in bf's bed, and kept the lights on since he likes them on until he goes to sleep. He walked in maybe an hour or two later.   After this, I recall two instances where I said to him that I was really sleepy and wanted to sleep. I'm not sure exactly what I said or if he reacted because I was half-asleep each time.  I have a lot of trouble sleeping with lights/movement. Even when he is on his phone next to me in the dark I can't sleep well.  Then once more I woke up, and saw his laptop open and he was also playing a mobile game with volume up. Exhausted, I sat up and asked "Can we please go to sleep? I'm so tired." His response was to "fucking turn around then", implying that I turn away from the lights.  I felt pretty disgusted at this point. In the past he's talked to me like that before and I used to get very hurt, cry, and wonder what I did wrong, but I've learned now that my reaction doesn't matter, because he doesn't think he needs to be sorry, and he doesn't show remorse. He has been sorry for things, but more often for situations like this, it seems like he only cares about shutting down my argument. The times I remember his sorry most, is when it has been dug out of him after hours of trying to get him to hear me out, and it never feels sincere.   I didn't say anything, and a few minutes later he finally shut everything down and then kind of touched me affectionately as if nothing happened.   The next day I felt a hollow bitterness as I tried to decide if I wanted to bring up what happened the night before. He was definitely not going to. As time for him to go to work got closer, I decide to just go for it, one more time. A little part of me hoped he would show me some compassion, some remorse. But I knew that instead he was going to double down and refuse to apologize to me because somehow me not wanting to be cursed and demanded to turn around when I just want sleep is what I deserved.  Of course, he did exactly what I expected him to. I started crying, almost half-halfheartedly because it's what I expected, but I felt shocked seeing that the person I've been with for two years is so callous. He walked out during the conversation, he did have to leave for work after all, and I heard him whistling to himself and watching a video while in the restroom.   I didn't know what was going to happen, I just mechanically started trying to gather everything I had in the house. After he left for work, I called my friend (also Dx, but he's way more compassionate and immediately reassured me, and he and his partner helped me throughout this ordeal), calmed down, and left with my stuff. I decided not to speak to my boyfriend, scared that if I tried to talk to him I would get caught up in his dismissiveness and continue being around him with this monkey on my shoulder. That same night he invited me to a concert through discord, I ignored it, and I think he understood I didn't want to speak to him, so he didn't contact me again.  Yesterday, I impulsively went to his house and tried to talk to him by writing so I wouldn't get tangled up in argument. And hearing his side, I feel angry.   He believes that the way I spoke to him was no different than the way he spoke to me. Essentially, I accused him of speaking disrespectfully and hatefully for pushing me once more to basically go with his flow and cursing at me. He accuses me of doing the same to him, i.e. wanting him to turn off the lights and do what I wanted him to do. He also insinuated that I was being thoughtless because I didn't stop to think that the reason he didn't turn off the lights was because he was too sleepy to get up from bed or wherever I don't even know and turn them off. And that alternatively, I could have offered to turn off the lights instead of pestering him with an annoyed tone to turn off the lights. He also thinks that I could just cover my face with the blanket to block light, since he's seen me do it before. But that won't fix the issue, and though I find it comforting I don't sleep like that, it's just for comfort/warmth. I don't think he cares about that though.  I feel like I have done so much work in this relationship addressing my toxic habits, and overall trying to become a more put together person. And I've learned so much about attachment traumas and adhd , and it's never acknowledged by him. I don't care if he has said he cares about me or loves me, I feel like he doesn't respect me or even see everything I do to try and understand him and to be open and respectful. I think he sees me as a hysterical crybaby because of how many times I've ended up having tearful arguments with him because he barely responds and then shuts down saying we've been talking for hours, when it has been me trying to get him to talk to me in a productive way, for not just hours, but weeks. It's as if he feels like I deserve to be hurt or treated so coldly, but I keep hoping that maybe he's just self-absorbed and he's not intentionally punishing me. I can't tell!  I feel like he is always a victim and therefore shouldn't have to apologize, for example:   * I said that in my family we all shared rooms and learned to respectfully turn off lights and sounds if one of us was ready to sleep, and he immediately said that it's weird I say that since I have kept him awake in past arguments (where my feelings were hurt and he probably was  stonewalling me and I get anxious and cried). * At one point he had a crush on a girl during a time where he was emotionally neglecting me, and when I was telling him to stop hanging out with her because he seemed to havehad poor emotional boundaries and to consider my feelings he asked me "Why don't you want me to happy?", since I was telling him he couldn't have this friend during a time where I guess he felt depressed and didn't have very good friends. * I've told him that I think he needs to make an effort to read/learn about relationships and how adhd affects them, and mentioned that I have put a lot of emotional energy learning about it and trying to manage my part of the relationship. His response was that I would read about relationships anyways. I guess saying, this is just something that I like to do and that I can't expect him to do that kind of thing? * Early in the relationship I was being annoying playfully even after he told me to stop making sounds, and I got a bit too close to him so he pushed my face away from him with his hands and then didn't say anything afterwards. I was very confused and had an extremely low sense of self so I just let it slide, thinking I shouldn't have kept messing around.   He doesn't remember those last two incidents I'm sure..  I feel like he is crazy making. I have tried to justify and validate him so much in the past, and I'm feeling like it was all for waste, because of how unremorseful he gets. Beyond this he's pleasant to be around, but emotionally I don't think I trust him anymore. I'm not sure I ever did. I have a lot of friends I'm emotionally close with that love me and feel like I am a good person, I can't possibly be the only one who is at fault for demanding basic consideration? I don't see this relationship growing anymore..
