21a1b253b8a3d70c607190201fd4f74118b20731e3e93ebdc89b2747c4fa5812;;;My partner (diagnosed untreated) wants to throw it all away;;;New poster here (f 21) have found great solitude here since my partner (m 21) was diagnosed back in February and need to hear others take on our situation and vent a little. We have been together for 3 years and have been happy, we both struggle with mental health issues him depression and me anxiety but have always been able to talk to each other and maintain good open communication. Since his diagnosis I have felt like the emotional labour of our relationship is very much down to me I will explain his mood swings or irritability to friends or ignore my own emotions in order to help him . I can’t remember the last time he asked me how I felt or how my mental state was fairing I love him with all of my heart and would do anything to ease his struggle but it was all getting too much and friends were noticing my emotional exhaustion. I had and outburst about 2 months back and told him he needed to seek professional help ( which we had discussed before ) I could only do so much to help him and said that if he couldn’t take these steps I could no longer be in a relationship with him. He said he wanted to get help and did not want to loose me and would try for both of our sakes. The last two months have been great happy and relaxed  we have been planning the future, holidays and outings we wanted to go on ( which has always been hard for him) and I thought we were entering a good place and things were getting healthier until he broke up with me out of the blue on Monday. He says he cannot handle the pressure of a relationship and seeking help at the same time and does not want to hurt me anymore and I was in shock we said our painful tearful goodbyes and I was left confused and heartbroken not knowing what was happening in my life. After a day or two I realised there was so much that I needed to say to him which I had been too overwhelmed to even think about when we split, I met him today and it felt incredible to see each other again it was like I could finally breathe again. I told him how I felt about the situation and that I can’t just give up on us, I have to at least try to work through it. we spoke a lot about what we could do to make it work and about me taking a step back and letting him get back on track but not giving up on us. He seemed receptive and admitted that he hadn’t really thought about this option and we agreed to think it over and he will get back to me once he makes a decision. I feel like I’m on the edge of a knife waiting to see if he loves me enough to work on us. We have come so far and helped each other so much that I think it’s a waste to throw it all away without even trying. I would love to know if any of you have encountered similar situations in your relationships and how you got through it? Any way even getting it out makes me feel so much better. Thanks
