24625efdaaf89bf5f6ccdd177a46e0eccba60121ddb04b5025ed18dd38f48fb3;;;Its near impossible when he thinks his rejection sensitivity and bad emotional regulation are always right;;;I wanted to clean the apartment together today. We are stuck in here because of the virus. He hasnt succesfully cleaned (well ever) but Ive been trying to get him to join since I moved in, 5 monthsish now. Its not an natural easy thing for me either, but Ive done it.  Everytime we have begun he stops and play computer and says he'll do it later, while being annoyed about it.  Today I gave him tasks, I made a list to follow because he has expressed it would be helpful. From the get go, as always, he is annoyed and moody. We go down with the trash. Before the last trash is taken he takes all his clothes of. I tell him we should take it all down because of the bananaflies.   He then gets angry and tell him to just do it his way. I tell him Im only trying to help, and that usually when we have done it like that, he ends up not cleaning and I end up going it. He gets more pissed, and tell me he will lock himself in his room if I keep saying that. I back off, he stops cleaning anyways.   I tell him it makes me feel like shit, but he is sure I am the asshole as always and that his reaction is my responsibility. So I take a walk, to give it space. I come back hoping he has managed his emotion but find him instead playing computer again, saying that he is mad at me. So Im not going to get an apology.  How are you supposed to try and help someone, that they ask for, but when you do it they go to infant mode and start being mean and defensive instead?  I mean, Ive had enough. Its not worth it for me, if he cant even after realize he reacted wrong and be sorry. Then he just goes into his game for days, weeks instead. We are both heading 30. This shouldnt be happening.
24625efdaaf89bf5f6ccdd177a46e0eccba60121ddb04b5025ed18dd38f48fb3;;;Positive note. I'm super proud and grateful for my adhd boyfriend, that I'm in lockdown with.;;;Our relationship was almost over. We have had one fight during this corona thing, because of cleaning where he had a meltdown and was very rude. But after I gave him space, and held my ground with that his reaction towards me not being okay, he apologized and took responsibility.   He hasnt helped cleaning yet - and for now thats okay. Because I can tell that he is really trying to be present with me, in this difficult time.  He does his own thing and plays computer, but when Ive told him I need a little attention and love, he gives it me. It has given me hope, that he can learn to consider me - and that when he shows me he is willing to do so, Im quickly satisfied and happy, and dont need a whole lot.  I hope we can keep up this positive path.
