255f3646f242fed5d26ec0f17306df2c943607293071cdefe7459e28dc4cbb33;;;At the end of my rope, partner finally takes steps to get treatment - seeking support and advice.;;;Long-time lurker, first time poster here.  First of all, thank you so much to everyone in this community for sharing their experiences, it has gone a long way in making me feel less alone.  My long-term partner (30M, DX) and I have been having the standard issues to an ADHD relationship since nearly the beginning. He’s “medicated” in that he takes the same dosage he was prescribed about 10 years ago, which is very low after fighting with the doctor that he wouldn’t take anything more, doesn’t consult with a doctor about whether it’s working or not and has no knowledge of that.  About a year into our relationship (after his Mom told me about the ADHD diagnosis), I did a ton of reading and research, identified that we are basically living out every negative communication pattern typically to these relationships and asked him if he would be willing to seek appropriate treatment, both individually and with me, since I’ve always recognized that I (as the non-ADHD partner) have a huge role to play in the dysfunction.  He has been extremely resistant to this, all while bringing me along for the emotional roller coaster. It goes without saying that he’s the most wonderful person a lot of the time, but when he’s triggered, he flies into an unstoppable rage that can only be described as verbally and emotionally abusive. This has taken its toll on me.  Two weeks ago, his time management was whacky again and I got a bit frustrated (truly, it was a minor frustration), this escalated to him packing most of his stuff and moving out in an impulsive fury. Everyone in my life that loves and supports me can’t understand why I would consider anything but cutting him out - he really did blow our life up.  But, he FINALLY booked an appointment to speak with a carefully selected ADHD specialist. He’s asked for my input with the consult forms, he sent me a webinar that we watched together. He’s done more in the past two weeks than in our nearly three years together, but I’m SO tired. Also, I still see denial in him about the extent of the havoc his unmanaged ADHD has wreaked on our lives.  Can any of you offer advice? Especially if you’ve been at rock bottom and whether this moment made your partner wake up to the reality of the situation? Is it worth it to double-down one last time and see if a commitment to treatment can turn things around? Or does the anger, hurt and resentment of a long relationship with untreated ADHD settle in to a point that can’t be overcome?  Thank you all so much.
