2ac7f9154400ffa61c86e1a72e2eee48ae5eb847153be6238daf00d441c2f3d6;;;I need some serious support right now as I pack to move out;;;After over 3 years of dating and two years of living together, my relationship over.  He has been flip flopping between ignoring the fact that I'm moving out and angrily demanding that I help him clean the house and find a replacement roommate while I pack my things. With only two weeks left, he is growing increasingly difficult to deal with.  For me, this break up is over two things: My consistent feelings of being a last priority and/or nonexistent to him and his shocking disinterest in working through matters of life. Because of this I am finding it *exceptionally* difficult to put my feelings aside (*again*) and help him.   He is slamming doors, screaming at me, demanding I help him. We've been fighting every single day but I generally still am trying to treat him decently. If I'm ordering food I still ask him if he'd like something. If he seems upset I have still been asking what I can do to help but I've stopped that now.   I stopped because when I've been sad or in need lately, as we bring this nightmare to close, he's looked me in the eye and told me he doesn't care. He disappears into his video games, laughing and joking with friends all night while I cry or panic behind him in bed. Then he'll need help or be sad and if I don't voluntarily help, he'll defensively ask for my help and tell me he'll help me out when I need it. Spoiler: his repayment is telling me theres only X amount of days left and not to talk to him about anything because he just doesn't care at all.   So this roommate replacement does involve me and I have asked around and posted some in between moments of motivating myself to pack up and get away from this person. This person I still love and see as good but who's *seriously* denying himself the help he needs. This person I'm ashamed to admit I've treated so poorly - a long &amp;amp; entirely different story.   But I just can't give him anything. It is actively hurting me to watch him be in such a tough spot and not help  as much as possible. I keep feeling like it's all my fault that he's in this position and reminding myself that he put himself in this spot is not helping. I want to help him but I *cannot* keep giving time and energy to him in these final days when he so blatantly cares naught to return such basic decency.    Should I suck it up and let him treat me like trash for two weeks as I help him out or should I keep up with my boundaries for these final days? I really cannot believe what my life had been for the last 6 months, especially these last two.   I've been basically shaking trying to keep my composure as he sucks the life out of every inch of this space today. I could really, really use some positive words of support.
