2c4b25483e84166641a2f427cb656a57db23693ec1db077e9ed6bc11be41ee0d;;;My DX Partner Cant See My POV;;;This is my first time posting here, I’m not quiet familiar with how things work on this sub, so please excuse me if I make any mistakes.  I (NT) am in some sort of a disagreement with my partner (DX), I feel very disappointed in the situation we’ve gotten in because I feel like it shouldn’t really have happened the way it did.  A little backstory of our relationship: We met at the end of 2019, started off our relationship really quickly and soon after moved in together. At this point he wasn’t diagnosed yet and we had a great run at the start until we didn’t, our relationship ended because it was getting really unhealthy for both of us mid 2020. We broke up and went no contact for 6 months before we connected again.   When we reconnected the first time things didn’t go so well and ended poorly again, then 3 weeks later he reached out again and we spoke about things, multiple lengthy conversations that really helped us understand what went wrong the first time around. I’d like to think I grew so much as a person and gained so much in life in the time we had apart and with the conversations we were having I could see how much accountability has taken and growth he has made. He is now diagnosed and on medication, is also working toward a better life and better routine. It’s still a struggle but most days I can stand by him and not be effected by it.  To now why I’m writing this post, I am now on a short trip with my family, before I left I spoke to him about how important it is for me to have a text/call relationship with someone I’m building a relationship with because ultimately it is unrealistic to only always physically be together. He has been putting in more effort to call and text me more and I am not belittling his efforts he has put in so far but I do think this is something I consider the bare minimum.   This just happened yesterday and I was feeling a little down because I didn’t hear from him all day but in his defence I knew he was going to be so packed and busy with work all day and night due to his multiple jobs and also sorting out his new puppy. I completely understand the stresses and busy schedule he did have, I do. I spoke to a friend about it and knew this was something I should speak about because how emotional I was getting. So I sent him a vague message to hopefully speak to him soon about how I was feeling. There‘s so much into what I said and did so the last part I’ll keep short:  I ended up telling him how I felt as calmly and as rational as I could, got told I was being unreasonable to ask sorts of things because I should‘ve known better to how busy he was, that I should’ve been more patient and just should’ve known he would‘ve called me at night.  Do you think it’s fair for me to have to put aside the things I feel and that are important to me for someone else to have whatever and whenever it is more convenient to them?   I think I’m going off topic and spiralling a bit but does ADHD play into the fact on not being able to see other peoples POV’s and that their needs are more important than ours? Does anyone else partner seem to do this too? How do we overcome this and is it worth it when they show you that what’s important to you doesn’t matter? Or am I suppose to give him some time after the conflict so he can reflect on it? Because at the end of the day there’s not much else I can do... Right?  Please note that what I’m saying is very vague to what our relationship is, in no way do I despise him or do we have a terrible relationship, I love him and have always known I wanted to spend my whole life with him but I just need some help and support. He is in no way a bad and inconsiderate person, this is just a situation that somehow turned bad. I’d really love some help. Thank you in advance to those who took out the time to read and hopefully respond.
