2cec604bca6a2daae74834b56e7eba2f14559920b68c18d1506bd633be8ecf36;;;My partner becomes a different person when she’s on her meds DX;;;My partner was diagnosed with adhd 7-8 years ago and had been on vyanse/adderall to keep it under control until recently (switched to focalin, but haven’t noticed a huge difference). Last year she was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder and has been taking medication for that as well.   I should note here that since the start, she had been notoriously bad at remembering to take her medication correctly and (very) often abuses her adhd meds (maybe a few dozen times just this year), and sometimes her anxiety meds. And by abuse, I mean she takes more than she’s prescribed and goes into somewhat of a manic episode. This has always troubled me but she always manages to convince me she has it under control. This always happens when she feels extra stress for any reason.   So last week, she came to the realization that she has an eating disorder, and when she talked to her therapist he diagnosed her with anorexia. This was a big shock to me, but I guess I/we should have realized this, she is chronically underweight and hardly eats at all when she’s medicated. She basically sleepwalks to the fridge each night and consumes most of her calories that way.   I’m not sure when this started to occur, but at some point she started to become very detached, and I’m genuinely not sure if it’s the anxiety meds, or the way her adhd meds started affecting her when she became very underweight. I only notice the “real” version of her come out when she takes “med holidays” every once in a while.   Her therapist wants me to come in and be a part of her next session so I can hear from both of them how I can help her get through her eating disorder. I’ve agreed, but I feel strongly that I should mention the prescription abuse. When I brought it up with her she said she does *NOT* want to talk about it and that doing so would set her back with her therapist. I know she’s mentioned that it happens occasionally, but I think he’s woefully under-informed about the extent of the abuse. I’d also like to ask about the connection to stimulants/stimulant abuse and eating disorders, but she’s made it very clear that she does not want me bringing up medication at all.    I’ve probably harped on the medication one too many times in the past and made it the “boogie man” that causes all her problems. She no longer takes me seriously when I bring up the topic. She’s also complained to her doctor that I think her meds are negatively affecting her and he’s gotten upset about it, basically saying that she needs them.   To be honest, when she is detached it sends me into a huge funk. I don’t want to do anything but sink in and wait for the next “med holiday.” But it’s unavoidable sometimes. She’s been unemployed for 7 months now and I work from home so I end up smoking a lot of weed and just staying away from her as much as possible. We barely scrape by financially but she’s not fit to work right now (her words).   When I want to have a conversation about her meds she blows up and asks me not to be so controlling and to let her get healthy, but I feel strongly we’re going in the wrong direction.   So what can I say during next week’s session? I don’t know if it’s an ethical conflict for me to bring up a big life issue without my wife’s approval and I feel very uncomfortable talking to my wife’s therapist without her knowledge.  Any advice would be greatly appreciated. I’m glad I found this sub.
