2d9fe78f20e638cdbc90dc7bc25205b0cc180aa91af904012ae1598dce73e82f;;;NDX Partner's Work is Taking Over His Life;;;My fiance and I recently moved across the country for my job. In our previous home, my NDX partner had a job where people told him exactly what he had to do and when to have it done. He hated that he was not shining and doing cool stuff, and he would get discouraged and fall behind on work, and then work for 2 weeks 24/7 saying if he doesn't he'll get fired. I call it the feast and famine cycle. I thought it was just that the job was annoying and menial. (His friend was in the same spot and struggled in a similar way)  We move to the new place, he finds a new job with a less mature department. He has to make and maintain his own systems - that's his big chance, right? ***Wrong.*** We had talked about how he may have ADHD before ^((spacing out and not listening, constantly biting me or pinching me or whatever the tick is until I have a breakdown and cry and it stops for a few months, struggling to follow through on promises, not unpacking anything when we moved, me being in charge of detailed planning, etc)), but this is a whole other level. He is so worried about getting fired or not completing projects that he sits at his computer for 14+ hrs a day, but if you check in on him and listen... he's not really working at all. And then it's 5 PM and "he didn't finish what he had to so he has to work late." He's been working weekends, pulling all nighters, for a job that honestly does not sound very complicated or challenging.   The role he had before is really similar to what he is doing now, but how he is coping is totally different. It's honestly ruining our relationship. He has no time for any chores (not true before! he is usually cleaner than me! and a better cook!), when we do hang out it's all passive (TV, movies - we used to do things! go outside!) and he struggles to have meaningful conversations about anything but work. Once we talk about work, and we work through what he should do differently, he doesn't change and everything is the same, and he is still working a ton.   Our wedding got postponed, we bought a house (so 2 moves in 12 months), we're both WFH because of COVID. It's been a tough year without his issues. I don't know what to do. I cry a lot.  He's dejected, I'm resentful. He found a therapist this month and tells me how much he wants to be better... but I just can't see this getting any better. Does it get better? I feel like if he quits his job he'll just take everything he already has and not succeed there. What do ADHD people do for work that they thrive? How can I not be upset all the time?
