2f8c5771719f177c5907c18d453028f081aa9035f8c25cebf08c6cd567c9dc6e;;;Is this ADHD or just how my husband is?;;;My husband holds all the ADHD characteristics and I have no doubt that he has it, but he's refused to go get a proper diagnosis.  I've  been dealing with all his flaws like forgetfulness, lack of awareness, focus, lack of motivation, emotions, empathy, and so on and it is extremely tiring.  Something happened the other day and it sort of pushed me to the edge and I'm depressed now.    We went to a beach for a walk.  It was a hot sunny day and the place was packed.  At the time, my city had a policy where you have to either wear face coverings or keep social distancing.  It was so packed that in some area, it was almost impossible to keep the distance and I was shocked to see so many people without face coverings.  We had masks of course and we were walking along the shoreline.  At one point we were passing by a family sitting down on the beach without masks and somehow their teenage kid got really close to me.  Her mom, instead of telling the kid to keep distance, told me to stay away and then followed by a nasty comment by the teenage kid.  I was in shock and couldn't comprehend what had happened and by the time I figured it out we had already walked passed them.  I didn't deserve the nasty comments from the family and it completely ruined my mood.  I didn't want to go home like that so on the way to the car, we sat on a bench in a park that overlooks the ocean.   My husband didn't say anything  at all about the event and was watching youtube on this phone.    I just thought that he was being extremely insensitive.   I don't expect him to notice small stuff, but this?  I was expecting him to at least say 'Are you okay'?   What's the point of having a life partner who doesn't care of your well being?  or doesn't protect you from harmful situation?  How does he not know what happened to me when he was walking right by me?    The thing is this wasn't the first time something like this happened.  We were at the same spot at the same time but he was completely clueless as to what happened to me as his mind was busy with something else.    After the beach incident, I became very depressed and became distant, but he still has no clue and avoiding me.  He is probably thinking that I'm mad at him but I'm just really depressed and desperately wanting to see he cares.  I'm just really tired of initiating conversation as that's what I have been doing for the last 10 years we've been together.    Do you have an episode like this with your ADHD partner?   Do I just have to continue to accept his behavior if we want to stay together?
