2ff7d8817bf01a75e99cfb41e649f547f123cfc855554814bc57fdb25548833c;;;How do I get my non-ADHD partner to understand that ADHD is a real disorder? How can I help her to separate the symptoms from me?;;;I have undiagnosed ADHD, but have been trying for the past few months to kickstart that process of diagnosis. A combination of financial and logistical reasons (I just moved to a very rural area with few mental health professionals) have been making it difficult to actually get help.   This has been a very tiring process, and on top of that, I have a partner who is having a hard time wrapping her head around how ADHD works and makes things challenging for me. When we first started dating and I told her that I suspected I had ADHD, she didn't believe me. It was very invalidating. She slowly began to educate herself but it has been an uphill battle the whole way just to get her to see that ADHD is not only a real disorder, but also a real challenge that I deal with. A few months ago, she took it upon herself to look it all up and read some articles about it and it seemed to me like she was finally beginning to understand. But still, every time I do something that frustrates her she begins attacking me for it and I feel so hopeless, because I feel that she still doesn't understand what I'm dealing with. I do my best to hear her out and apologize while also explaining to her what I'm dealing with, and she always tells me that I'm making excuses for how I'm acting.   **This is where this group comes in:** I hate that I am hurting her in ways that I feel are out of my control. I know how frustrating it is for her to experience the brunt end of my symptoms. She is an incredibly sensitive and caring person and I know that it hurts her to feel uncared for and disregarded. She didn't ask for this (neither did I) and I know that it's a real challenge for her to try to be supportive when it feels like I don't care. The reality is that I love her a great deal, and am really trying, but my inability to focus feels out of my control. I feel guilty about it and it makes me feel like a bad person even though I know that not all of it is my fault. I just feel like she doesn't understand how much of a burden it is for me every day.  **My real questions are for non-ADHD partners who have found success in working with their ADHD partners to create healthy communication.**   * How can I help her better understand what I am dealing with?  * Does anyone have any tips or helpful resources that I can share with her?  * Are there any testimonials from non-ADHD partners out there for how to look at this situation and move forward?  * Besides making progress on my own treatment of my symptoms, what can I do better to validate her feelings while also standing my ground and knowing that I have a real disorder that gives me real challenges?   **TLDR; I have undiagnosed ADHD and I know there's things I can (and am in the process of doing) to show my partner that I working on managing my symptoms, such as getting diagnosed and communicating better. But it feels like I am doing this alone, rather than with her help and support. How do I get us to be on the same side instead of fighting each other?**
