30d0ab6345fe08cfdea472d4b0d1206e485729136a5b44f9c3d099c9d04413b6;;;Update: I’m mad he’s (DX) lying about therapy to others;;;[OG Posts](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/df16pk/update_minor_success_am_i_a_bad_person_if_i_no/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)  I know that getting therapy is a hard step for most, but I’m so mad right now. It took so long for him to accept that it’s what he needed to do and he dragged his feet so long doing it and now he doesn’t think he has insurance. There were so many excuses - couldn’t find the card, needed to find a dr, had to wait for cards to arrive, cards arrive but now he doesn’t know if his plan auto renewed and if he even has insurance now.  In the meantime, we’ve been to ONE couples counseling session. It was a good one although we spent a lot of the time about his background and the focus was on him - I’m fine with that, he’s mostly the issue anyways.  But I’m mad that he made a social media post about it. He has the audacity to tell his social that he hasn’t played X game in X time bc he had an unhealthy obsession with it (no duh). He went on to give an update: he’s got a new job (YAY! So proud of him for this); he took a long mental health break from X game (and replaced it with Pokémon but I digress, plus we play together a lot so we haven’t been lacking in us time); and he’s getting counseling. RECORD SCRATCH. We got couples counseling to work on our relationship and how he was single handedly ruining it. He needs to go to his own therapist to work on his anger issues, anger managements and how to relearn being a functioning human with his AHDH, preferably without meds but he’s “open” to exploring that.  Maybe I’m taking it too personally but that post seriously pissed me off. He didn’t start counseling, he’s been putting it off to the point where he doesn’t even know if his insurance is still active. Thankfully the new job provides insurance - but doesn’t activate for 60 days. I’m mad that he basically is lying to people about seeing counseling for his issues but that’s not the case, not really. I feel like he’s using my free work resource as a means to circumvent getting actual therapy. I texted him this morning telling him I’m upset about the post as I feel likes he’s not only lying but also taking advantage of my work resource without respecting what it’s actually for.   I’m at a loss. I thought we were going in the right direction. We’re supposed to sign the lease today. I just got a new credit card to buy our furniture next week. I feel like this is a huge step backwards.  Also bonus: I was annoyed he was up all night playing the game and he countered with I’ll be up for our appointment and also don’t worry you’re hot. I thought that was really out of left field so I checked his phone. He’s taking to this girl again. The boundaries are still in place and she recently made a personal breakthrough about how she acted during these past few months and has acknowledged (not to me but to him) that she has an unhealthy relationship with him and her needs and that she understood she had to back off and not use my SO as her emotional support animal and also not be upset for him it being there for her bc he’s not her fucking boyfriend. I guess that’s a good sign? Also duck her.  I’m exhausted.
30d0ab6345fe08cfdea472d4b0d1206e485729136a5b44f9c3d099c9d04413b6;;;Am I a bad person if I no longer want to be with my ADHD partner who doesn’t necessarily seem to want to work on himself?;;;My partner was DX as a child with ADHD and Oppositional Defiant Disorder. We’ve been together for almost 5 years and I feel that I’m at a point where I want to leave him. He was medicated, time managed, put on checklists, every tool/resource available to him growing up and he hated ALL of it so he doesn’t do any of these things as an adult. He’s unmedicated too.  For the past 3.5 years I let slid the fact that he never contributed to our relationship with chores or giving me attention, as he is always playing video games at home, sleeping all day all while unemployed. I was stuck in cool GF mode and recognize that’s my fault but it’s not like I never didn’t bring up the fact that he didn’t clean or cook or anything and would ask for these things and maybe get some of them. At that point I lost my cool and told him to get it together or I’d leave.   We’re about to reach our 5 year mark and I feel emotionally drained. Despite that talk, he still has trouble keeping up with chores and managing his time between me and the gym/video games. He’s still unemployed and generally does whatever he likes. He did get better in the fact that when he does do the chores, they get done to my liking however he still struggles with getting them done in a timely manner (letting dishes/trash clutter our kitchen for a week and a half, not cleaning his clothes or trash off the floor for weeks at a time, etc.)  Every time I tell him I appreciate what he does but what would make me happy is if he does it all consistently, without letting shit stack up and without me having to manage him doing it.  I have tried giving him checklists - it reminds him of his childhood and he hated it so he won’t do it (ironically last week after I complained about him slacking on the chores, he told me he functions better if he has a set time and day to do X chore.....like....a checklist perhaps???) Recommended therapy - hated it as a kid and won’t go now. Things like that.   He always lets himself off the hook by saying it WILL get done, just doesn’t matter when. He takes this approach with everything. If I ask him to hang out with me, he’ll be in bed with me carrying on convos on his laptop or play video games. Always in some capacity he doesn’t give me or tasks his attention. This lead to a minor and short emotional indiscretion with a woman in his gaming community with whom he still has a close friendship with after I expressed (and forgave his indiscretion of using her as an emotional proxy when he felt he couldn’t talk or communicate with me bc I was fucking furious over his lack of commitment to bettering himself and taking control of his ADHD and contributing to our relationship) that I wasn’t comfortable with them STILL talking even though he’s established and mostly maintains a lot of boundaries with her that I asked for. He did them very begrudgingly at first but mostly does them now without complaint and she is starting to get upset about it but doesn’t know it’s because I asked for it. Which is dumb on its face because she actively participated in the brief emotional affair and he won’t tell her I don’t like her or want them to be friends bc he doesn’t want to hurt her feelings/abandon her bc that’s what people always do to her and he generally hates confrontations.  Idk y’all. I feel like I’m so tired of him not taking me seriously and I’m tired of having to fight with him every two weeks about how he let EVERYTHING slide again - I’m talking little to no chores get done or I have to remind him over and over again that they need To be done, little to no jobs have been applied to and he streams/plays games all night. I don’t know what to do anymore except cry at work when he’s not around just so I can feel validated in my exhaustion and frustration. I am the only person bringing an income home (his mom pays his rent and health insurance), and I manage the house and chores - until I delegated all that to him since he’s been unemployed for most of our time together.   I don’t know if this is just bc how he is living unmedicated with ADHD, plain immaturity or maybe both, but I find it harder every day to see a future with him if he doesn’t get a handle on it. I express this every time we talk about it and he always promises to do better and yet here we are. We have honest and open communication - now more than ever post emotional indiscretion, and he is completely aware of how I feel and yet, he can’t be consistent for more than 15 days at best.  Has anyone found themselves in a similar situation? What did you do? I do love him but I’m stressed and tired and feel like checking out of this relationship - I told him this last night and he reassured me he still loves me and WILL change...
30d0ab6345fe08cfdea472d4b0d1206e485729136a5b44f9c3d099c9d04413b6;;;UPDATE minor success? Am I a bad person if I no longer want to be with ADHD partner that doesn’t take care of self?;;;For my original post[original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/dd85j0/am_i_a_bad_person_if_i_no_longer_want_to_be_with/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app)  I talked with him and he broke down. He said he was upset and didn’t want to see a therapist bc he feels they will only try to mess with his head and try to rewire him and that his childhood therapists never had his best interests in minds, they only wanted to drug and control him....  And with that - a few nights ago he had another tantrum over losing streak in game, having neglected me and our chores as we were going away for the weekend. I had a schedule of what I wanted done and when and you guessed it, everything was done late and we left late. The trip itself was fine and you would not have been able to tell we had spent the evening in hell.  He told me he was despairing bc he does not want to go to therapy, wants to be accepted as is and maybe he just doesn’t deserve or should be in a relationship. I said fine, you can feel that way and live your truth but I can no longer live like this. Told him he needed to get in therapy or I was leaving him. He begged me. I said no.  So he looked up his provider network and found a psychiatrist that specializes with ADHD patients he think will be a good fit. Except he can’t find his insurance card. And he needs to wait for a check to come in. Im hoping that he actually goes through with it guys...  TLDR; gave SO ultimatum. He took it and hopefully our relationship can finally start healing
