31dafa076c74341f661744261f034e80804dd6ca6a562dffb5369f763466dad0;;;long distance adhd partner just broken up;;;my now ex (22M) just broke up with me (26F) yesterday, and i am not sure if i should just give up.   we had been dating for around a year, we live states apart, but we have a very close relationship. he is my best friend and i am his. he's incredibly sweet and funny. we don't argue or fight very often until recently a week ago when i started to really feel ignored. i didn't understand why until i came across some hyperfocused adhd threads, and everything started to make a lot of sense. its impossible for him to do two things at once. he is dx adhd and he used to be on medication but that was before we met, he never brought it up really or ever used it as an excuse, he just always says "my brain just works different".   a week ago we talked about how it wasn't fair of me to be so upset. if i knew there was a reason behind all of it, i would of looked at things differently. because now that i understand, i felt so much better. our talk went really well and we had a great rest of the week watching movies and doing anything else long distance can really do together. even the night before he ended it we had a very nice night, and all of this caught me by surprise the next day.    being the non-adhd partner this is incredibly hard for me to understand our break up.      his reasons being were that, he has a lot of things in his life he needs to get started on (starting school, jobs etc) and he feels that he can never start those things while being in a relationship.    he feels our relationship was going perfectly fine (as fine as a long distance can go), there was nothing wrong with us, its just he needs to stop putting things off. and i completely agree, as i am also dealing with my own hardships with finding a job, i think this is an important step for him. but i dont understand completely why he can't do these things with us being together.      he also worries about stuff in the future, who would move etc. but i'd literally do anything for him.   i'm completely aware i can't see the whole picture of what's going on in his brain, he looks at and does things differently. but i am understanding of all of it.   i have never stopped him from doing anything, and he wants to continue to talk as this is difficult for him to go through this too. (that's what i really don't understand, we talk still but just not as a couple?)  i know i can't change how his mind works.   do i just let him do what he has to do? or is there some way for this to work out in a way that he understands and accepts?
