32e175f6b537acd381bf54c9ce474bd65d8f75fe58178d129886e90165ee873c;;;I do not feel cared for but always caring.;;;Hello, I am new to Reddit, so please bear with me. I (27f) live with my partner (30m) since the last 5 months. to give a background Before living together we started dating like 7-8 months ago trough a social media platform. We got really close really fast and it was like nothing before, I have never felt this close or clicked with someone in this manner. There was so much love, since day one. He also moved countries to be with me, and it is almost like we saved each other. Both of us have gone through suicidal idealization and attempts. My partner has ADHD (dx), and  Dysgraphia (dx) . He is now un-medicated, as his medication really fucked with a lot of his daily life and routine, and most importantly sleep, and made him anxious.  I am battling with Depression, Anxiety, OCD since as long as I can remember. I stopped taking medication a few years back except SOS for sleep, even that I haven't taken in like 3 years. I am in therapy but I do not take medication as it affected my memory and day to day life, i was completely dysfunctional. I am in therapy though.   Now he says since he has been with me, it has calmed him down, made him feel safe and understood and his sleeping patterns are pretty good now. Which makes me really happy. I am also doing much better, I sleep well, eat right, I do not get sad or have crying spells like I did before. I feel loved and cared for. I have my own person now. SO, everything is pretty good.   THE PROBLEM IS:  I feel resentful about a lot of household chores, and I do not feel special. I feel loved but not someone that he would go the extra mile for. I know a lot of this is his condition and not him. I sometimes find myself like a housewife, or worse a mother, taking care of him and go like well, what about me. I work from home, he doesn't. He is also "Lazy" which is to say a lot of his condition is also manifesting in him not wanting to do the work for the house or for me. and because I feel terrible to ask him to do anything. Though he really helps me in running errands, buying stuff etc. But I have to tell him. I end up feeling resentful in times when something small ticks me off, and I end up really really angry. I do not like this version of myself. **I was wondering if there are any real methods I can use to navigate this.** I also have a big problem in asking for things in general. I am always calculating. I realise the problem lies with me. I want to be a better partner. But sometimes, I just feel not cared for.  Like sometimes, I want to be tended to, but I guess I resent being a baby so much that when my partner needs care, I somewhere resent him as well.   I also feel because we didn't have the initial phase of dating, showing up, impressing each other, looking good for each other and after LDR, we slipped into the domestic. I miss being taken out on dates or some drama (really childish, i know). But how do we have some resemblance of romance, I do not know. Please help. I feel like an asshole to even type this and ask for help on Reddit.
