353686949328ec96329d4ffb36d317fb9fe19b488e864934e22dcae6a2ffb0fa;;;Changing Plans and Expectations- ADHD Partner and Anxiety/ASD Partner;;;Hello everyone,  Let me first say, this sub has been super super helpful for me! I don't post too often but it is so helpful to read that others have similar experiences and has giving me so much more perspective and understanding of my SO.   A typical theme I have seen in most posts is struggling with partners saying they will do something and having every intention of doing so, and then not following through. I know this is related very closely to how ADHD symptoms manifests in adults, and I definitely understand how this can erode trust over time or kind of limit how trust can be built. I have really severe anxiety (social and otherwise) and I like to think this is part of the reason my SO and I understand each others so well and care for each other so much- we are both a little different and have never really been able to connect fully to a lot of people and found connection with each other.  Within the last year or so, I have been thinking about and talking to my healthcare professionals about how my social anxiety manifests. I have never really felt connected to the world or others, have not been able to sustain eye contact or be in social spaces, have extreme trouble with change and transitions, and experience anxiety so physiologically (sensory, migraines, stomach issues) that some of my symptoms feel a little more closely related to autism spectrum disorders. Of course this is a spectrum and I am not sure I am fully I have both feet over the line, but this has been giving me some perspective on why unpredictable pieces are so tough with my SO.  Circling back, I think this may be pretty related to how these instances of my SO making plans and not following through, switching plans abruptly, or putting things off and off are really hard for me. Like I feel this in my chest and throat and get really really upset. I know flexibility is not my strong suit, and I really want to work on this, but I also know it may be super challenging for me. For example, he will say he will get this household thing done (like dishes which is a phobia for me), but then does not for days/a week and I eventually have to do these. He then gets upset that I did not just let him do it, but I can't explain to him that my skin is crawling having the dishes, trash, extra laundry just sitting there. It is a quality of life issue for me and I would love for him to do these things and take care of some functional items, but there is only so many days I can tolerate my high anxiety/intrusive thoughts about these items.  For nights that we try to set aside to spend together or plans we have to go to the store, sometimes he will get a text from a friend to game and will kind of just leave and go upstairs or sleep through our plans. This really hurtful to me, and I feel like I should just be flexible, but the expectation/routine I had in my brain is shattered so quickly and I feel like I am in shock and overload at those moments. I cry or have lots of pressure in my chest- he thinks I am jealous of him spending time with his friends but it really is just the shift in expectations that I feel so physically and strongly. I feel like unfortunately our disorders are not very compatible in this way- for someone like me who benefits from so much structure/routine/consistency having these constant shifts and changes in what I think will happen is really really draining and I feel like I can't get my hopes up about plans or look forward to things because I will end up really getting hurt.  I do want to say my SO is extremely supportive with my social anxiety and inflexibility in particular- he is very outgoing and has helped me grow so much in this area. He makes me more adventurous and helped me try new things. When we moved in together I was so scared of the transition, and he supported me all of the way- I appreciate this or I would never have moved forward in my life and we could not have the life we now share together. I just really wanted to vent a bit about this and see if any other partners have anxiety/ASD/other mental health concerns that are really impacted by this inconsistency/not following through. Any thoughts would be helpful- thank you!
