3627ecc5388e2cddcc05114dc6a8b196b36b3f96fb457392b2d8b8244d033a4e;;;Feeling like a Monster;;;So my partner has pretty undiagnosed ADHD. The psych tests thought maybe Bipolar but were inconclusive. He doesnt have bipolar cycles, and in was so confused. Until a good friend told me to look up ADHD and OH. MY. GOD.  So, we got married last summer. Our first few months were HELL. He quit 3 jobs, nearly ruined our marriage by signing up for military against my beliefs, blew rent money I had earned, etc.   Finally he calmed down and got this amazing job that allows him to use his strengths daily.   I dropped my career and living in California, to moving to the cold midwest where I made 3 times less. I had to support us both ok $10 an hour for a couple months.   We just moved again. We had 2 weeks notice before his job transferred him to a new city, I had to quit my job, find a house, and a new job.   He got the responsibility piled on him at work, and worked 13 hour days. By his choice. He could have worked 8, but he chose to do the 13 hour days.   I was alone, job hunting, in a new city. Idk, I just snapped. It's been 6 months of hell and chaos, and I feel like a monster. Getting married to this made all my ugliness come out.  Hes late to EVERYTHING. by about 2 hours. On a miraculous day, its only an hour. He ignores me, doesn't ask about my day. He can't focus. Cant get the necessary life things done.   I finally get it, if he is ADHD. He gets so hurt, saying hes trying his best, and this is the hardest hes tried in all his life.   I feel like a terrible, terrible monster, because all I do lately is snap.   I want to love him in all his loveliness, his scatter, his tardiness. But i have been terrible in doing that.   I feel like a failed wife.
3627ecc5388e2cddcc05114dc6a8b196b36b3f96fb457392b2d8b8244d033a4e;;;Rough Seas, Better Sailor?;;;So I know I said I would keep away from this sub, but the past week has been so rough.  My non DX husband started wokring at this company 10 weeks ago. He's now store manager! I'm so proud of him, and all he's accomplished.   But I'm exhausted and worn out. We had to relocate for this job. My 4th move in a year, my 37th move in 31 years. There's a price to pay for such mobility: no steady friend group or support system, a numbness to it all.  He is chronically late to everything. He will work on communicating why he's late and it lasts about a week at a time. Then it slips and we're late to everything and theres no explainations given until hes in person.   Our house is a disaster at all times. I try to stay on top of it, but he's boarding on hoarder and it's just treading water.  He won't listen to me, even if I beg him for help. Even if I tell him we can do the chores naked.   He says people at work need him more than i need him, and i should be able to take care of myself.  He has been lazy about getting car registered. We bought it from a guy out of state and theres some paperwork he needs to do. It's been 5 months of nagging, and I've gotten pulled over twice. I could get in serious trouble.He was supposed to take care of it on his day off Friday but guess what? He went into work instead.   I flipped shit. I raised hell. I screamed. I cried. Now he's finally taking time to do it, grumbling the whole way.  We've been fighting constantly, and it's mostly me who starts it. Because lack of follow thorugh, lack of consideration , lack of communication, lack of time awareness, lack of attention to my needs, lack of empathy.   I feel like a monster. If i ask sweetly, he promises to do it and then never does. If I ask sternly, he doesn't. If I pitch a fit, he pitches one right back.  He's unwilling to get help at this point. We've only been married 7 months and it's driving me over the edge. I almost left him today.   I feel like a raging, giant bitch, and I've never reacted this way before. I'm not a stranger to mental illness, but for some reason I cannot handle this well at all.   &lt;3 Need some love here
3627ecc5388e2cddcc05114dc6a8b196b36b3f96fb457392b2d8b8244d033a4e;;;I can't handle this.;;;I need a place to tell the whole story. You dont have to read, I just need to get it out so I don't feel crazy. I'm in 2 types of therapy, and we're in counseling together. Here we go:  &amp;#x200B;  We both got out of bad relationships. Found each other, took it slow at first, long distance. I realized he was the exact man I had been looking for. It got serious, in 7 months I moved to the Midwest from California. We eloped (something we both had always wanted). Within that first week, he switched from that hyperfocus we all know, to resenting the responsibility of being married.  When I moved in, he was sooo thin, because he wouldnt feed himself. He borrowed money from everyone because he spent his money on tools and booze. He  couldnt hold down jobs very long. His house was a hoarders house. He wouldnt sleep for weeks.  I moved in and got it sparkling and shiny. I fed him 3 meals a day, he got back to normal. He slept solid 8 hour nights.   Only he complained about my needs. Why did I possibly need to eat 3 meals a day? Couldnt I just eat ramen? Why did he have to heat the house and waste all that wood he chopped?? Couldnt I live in 50\* house????   He decided to join military, even though I was expressly against military life. He was real ugly during this time. Every time I spoke out about it, he would gaslight and stonewall me. He got rejected from military due to inconclusive mental health diagnosis.   While I worked and he looked for jobs for 2 months, he would spend his days at bars.   Finally he got a management job. We moved to new town. He seemed to be doing so well. Only now I started cracking from all the previous stress of maintaing order in his chaos. I had no friends, no support system. He became workaholic and works 7 days a week for months. He goes in on his days off, ignores all my needs and all home responsibilities. When I get upset, he tells me I'm crazy and needy.  I have gone to his work irate and fuming, when he ignored things on his day off and went into work instead. So I got banned from his work, because one day I flipped and yelled at him. He had promised to take me to the cities, but decided clocking in at work was more important.   It took 7 months of sex and many fights before he finally realized he needed to make sure my pleasure was actually on his radar.   He won't lift a finger to help with anything in the house, and tells me he believes its a womans job, or that because I only work 40 hours and not 70 like he CHOOSES, I need to clean, not him.  He spends his money on tools he never uses.   Lately hes started drinking WAY TOO MUCH.  When we fight in the car, he locks me in the car with him and drives away from where we are going, holding me againt my will. If I try to get out, he calls me crazy and says he'll call the police on me.  He shook me out of anger a couple weeks ago.  He turns into a sweet angel every night and cuddles me tight. But otherwise, my needs are dead to him.  I try to tell him I need him here for me, because I'm really struggling. This makes him resent me. This makes me freak out.  So then I try to be this woman who is totally fine with her husband CHOOSING to work 70 hour weeks, not helping with any responsibility, telling me daily his customers are more important, ignoring my needs, and now he wants to quit his job again.   I am trying SO HARD to not be bothered. I am going to therapy, have mentors, and scheduled all these new hobbies that are now cancelled due to COVID.   I don't understand any of this, and I feel like I am this psycho woman for getting so worked up about being lonely and neglected.   I feel like I should leave.
