36a31d815fb0ca2eb7e694b12417dc6b4655b74e36887a22cafc2eca9ee57ef6;;;Her ADHD is tearing our marriage apart...;;;ME - non adhd MY WIFE - DX, currently off meds due to losing health insurance, but was on meds for the last year or so.  To start this off, I love my wife.  I feel horrible writing this, but i have to let my frustrations out or they are going to explode.  I have been with my wife for the last 8 years, since our early 20's.  We got married after a year of dating, and we have no kids.  I just.... I'm at the end of my rope.  She fixates intensely on a TV show, or scrolling through her phone for literally hours, while I sit at the other end of the couch - just staring off in silence.  Silence is easier than asking her "whatcha watchin?"  or "that sounds funny!  what happened?"  each time, I'm met with "just a stupid video."  and then she goes back to her phone.  I'm done trying.  She's been laid off because of covid since early april, and just found out her job no longer exists at her old workplace (they couldn't afford to keep her on payroll after the hit the business took) so now she's all defeated and depressed and doesn't have any idea of where or what shes going to do next.  I'm still working my 9-5 mon-fri and every night I come home to a dirty house while she's just sitting on the couch gaming or watching more stupid videos on her phone.  I swear she doesn't do a damn thing all day long.  The dogs are going crazy because she won't take them for a walk during the day.  She always says she will, and that she wants to get better about it, but nothing ever changes.  I finally got her to help me clean the house up a bit just just asking her to clean up the laundry in the back room, but instead of cleaning up the laundry, she started washing every wall with bleach and for the next week, the laundry was never touched, but the walls are now sparkling clean.  If I slightly disagree with her, she gets immediately upset and asks why im being so hostile - even if the conversation is about something like liking a character on a tv show.  Shell complain shes hungry, so we'll drive into to town and I'll try to treat her to dinner - but if I ask her to make a descion on where she wants to eat, she just covers her head with her hands and says she cant handle making a descion right now.  So I'm left to decide on a place to eat while she's now facing away from me and silently staring out the window - when it was her who was hungry in the first place, I was just being nice by bringing her out instead of cooking and creating more dishes.  Housework never gets done, and I feel like I'm married to a rebellious teen who doesn't want to do anything but play games or sit and watch TV.  I shouldn't have to nag her 5 times before i leave for work to PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE clean up a little bit while I'm gone.  This isn't about me expecting her to cook and clean, it's me getting fed up with the fact that i am working full time, while she collects unemployment and does LITTERALY NOTHING, other than what's interesting to her.  I can't take this, and I don't know what to do.  I'm at a complete loss.  I feel like my marriage is falling apart and I'm the only one willing to keep it glued together, but i'm so sick of being the glue of it.  Just once I'd like to come home to a clean house and some conversation that we both want to talk about, but instead the conversation we DO have is just her going on and on for hours about the TV shows she watched that day, getting mad when I try to talk, or interrupting me mid sentence.  I'm over it.
36a31d815fb0ca2eb7e694b12417dc6b4655b74e36887a22cafc2eca9ee57ef6;;;Dealing With Death...Losing Patience...;;;   Non ADHD husband - DX, non med Wife (will be back on meds next month with new insurance)  For a little insight to what I;ve been dealing with this past month or so, check out my last post:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD\_partners/comments/ipf4xq/her\_adhd\_is\_tearing\_our\_marriage\_apart/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD_partners/comments/ipf4xq/her_adhd_is_tearing_our_marriage_apart/)   All right, so it's sad that I have to write this, but this is the only place I feel like I can truly talk about my frustrations, without judgement or being told I'm the worst person in the world. I'm so close to losing my patience... I don't know what to do anymore.  So. last week, one of my wife’s good friends from high school/college lost a battle with depression and passed away. When I found out the news, I knew this was going to be difficult for my wife, but I was’t prepared for the night it all broke down. Since the family was having a closed session, this means that no friends could come and pay respects at a funeral/wake so we all decided to have a celebration of life party/bonfire. Its been years since some of have been able to get together, so it was nice to have the comfort of everyone around. I barely knew my wife’s friend, but i have heard wondferul fun stories. As the night died down, I decided to take us back home - (I was the DD so that she could drink and just be loose and have a decent time).    We pulled into the driveway, and the tears started flowing. I knew she had been holding back, so I held her and tried to keep her calm as she talked about how she was mad that she took her life. How things weren’t fair. How she was only 25. She had more life to live. people could have helped. Im holding back to tears to make sure I stay calm for her and I get her inside and to drink some water. Things calm down and she goes to the bathroom. Im on the couch and I hear a loud thump and call for her to see if she’s okay, and I just look to see her crouched against the hallway wall, red faced and crying.    I go over to her, and try to hold her, but she pushes me away. I’m trying to calm her down and between jagged breaths, she tells me she lost her photos from her wallet. She carries fun photos in this little folding case that fits in a wallet, and she dropped it sometime at the party. I lead her to the couch as she’s crying and barley able to walk forward. I try to ask her when the last time she remembered looking at it was and she just…stars screaming and crying. Her face is beat red and she’s having trouble catching her breath so I try to hold her to calm her down (she likes to be held during these moments) She pushes me away and says I don’t understand and just starts screaming its not fair, why is this happening, she’s an idiot. I try to calm her down, but nothing works. I send a group message out to the sober people at the party and no one finds a book of pictures. I put on my coat and shoes to go check the driveway and she’s screaming at me saying how I don’t care about her and I’m leaving her - and I try to calmly say I just want to check the car and driveway. She just screams that I never care about her and her needs, and runs to the bedroom. I sigh and go outside - catching my own breath. at this point I’m getting frustrated, but I understand. I end up finding the photos on the seat of the car - it fell out when she was crying and she didn’t notice it when we pulled in. Im so happy now I run in to tell her I found it, hopeful for a nice sleep.    She’s screaming in the bedroom and ripping blankets and pillows off the bed, the dogs won’t even go in the room. I come in to see her even more frantic that before and she screams at me that she lost her glasses and she deserves this and flings herself onto the bed. I try to tell her I found the photos and she doesn’t even register it. She’s screaming and crying. Im losing my patience.    “get up and I’ll look for you glasses - I found the photos!”  I just get screams in response and she rips the photos out of my hands and goes back to the couch in the fetal position, red faced. I sigh, and find her glasses next to the bed on the floor. I go out and hand them to her, and stops screaming. I try to give her water and I turn on netflix - turns out she’s made her own new list on disney plus while I’ve been at work, and she stands up and screams at me that I don;t even know how to help her. I’m mad at this point. It’s 2am. She’s been awful all day to me. “What are you talking about?” she rips the controller out of my hand and puts on disney plus. she turns on a movie, and yells at me - “Don’t make this about you! you always make things about you! This is about me! This is about me!” and now I’ve just had it. I throw my hands up and say “I can;t do this! Ive been trying to help you all week with this and I can’t do it anymore!” She screams that I don’t love her, and that I’ve done nothing to help her tonight.  After a few hours of this back and forth, I go to bed in the bed, and she sleeps on the couch with the dogs.  I… I don’t know how much more of this i can take. I know shell be on meds again soon, but this is getting to a breaking point. I’m working full time, taking care of most of the bills, trying to get my credit good for a home loan, and she doesnt’t appreciate anything I do for this family. I come home to a dirty house and a nasty attitude every day. I walk on eggshells all day long, afraid that I’llsay something to upset her. Work has become my safe haven and escape from the hell at home -from being ignored all day long to just being yelled at that i can’t help her and I don’t bother to learn anything about adhd, when I DO. I’m just. Im at a loss. Im exhausted. Am I the asshole in this moment? Is there something I;m not doing? I’m losing faith that I can put up with this…..
