37578b4ba5a5dbbc68b35461c7143e397eafc972ec3a83a881a64bf07b67b567;;;A fucked up thread;;;&amp;#x200B;  Scroll to the bottom for the real thesis/question - Im and aquarius and have a lot to talk about re about 1 - 0 of my relationships.  Posting here for the first time - not sure if I've found the right venue (please shut me down if so).   I met my partner almost two years ago. I know part of the reason I fell so hard, so fast, was because I grew up in an environment where a solid minority/if not undiagnosed majority had adhd. I've always been the stabilizer and peacekeeper in my family, and this relationship fed me right back into that role.   Now, however, I am in one of the toughest spots that I have ever been in. Perhaps in balance to the adhd in my life, I've always been ulta-focused and ultra-controlling (I've struggled with OCD since a young age and was almost expelled from college because of an anorexia-leaning eating disorder born of it).   I had mostly gotten my own mental preoccupations under control when the pandemic hit. Since then, I've taken on another job and a half to make sure that my now husband and I (another time, another story), are ok. He can't work, so it falls on me to make sure we're staying above water and paying off both the undergrad and grad loans we both have (he's an immigrant, and can't work until his visa status is changed, which won't happen until USCIS is adequately funded and not, like, scared shitless again).   Obviously, not having a job has increased the prevalence of his already presence anxiety and depression,. But, when I've been blessed enough to come across offers for supplemental work during this time, I don't know how to talk about my stress levels. My already unfortunate drinking habit has escalated over the last few months, and I'm scared of the dangerous search results I find when sober again. I don't know how to bring this up to my spouse without seeming like a privileged fuck.   (for extra confusion, my husband's friend raped me about a year ago on the pretense that my husband had stolen me from him (the rapist), and that he (the rapist) deserved to have his chance with me).   In the end, I think the question is -- how can I effectively express myself , find support while also offering it to my partner? Alternative: how do I become a more supportive person to both my partner and myself without eliminating myself (a thought I've apparently had a few times according to my browser).
