37c1463efb316588304a6c70786ba83a365c503c9013779df4a53b314c80baae;;;Sex and distraction;;;I am posting to see if others have similar experiences and for advice. My boyfriend and I are both in our 30s. He has ADHD and is unmedicated. We love each other very much and overall there is no shortage of verbal or physical affection. There are many things he does that are related to ADHD and drive me crazy, but I am really upset with how it affects our sex life....it's sort of inconsistent.   We've gotten into arguments after it seems like we're about to have sex, and then he'll get up and walk away. It leaves me confused and hurt. I get grumpy and sullen (admittedly not the best response). There have been occasions where we've moved to another room in the middle of sex, and I'll look at him and it's like all the atmosphere is drained out of the room...like he's about to fold towels or something. When I've gotten upset he has sometimes said "I wasn't done, but then you got upset", but his actions say the opposite of "let's continue this". Asking bluntly doesn't work. It makes me feel like having sex or not having sex is totally dependent on him. It also makes me feel pushy when I can sense what's coming. I tend to spiral about this, like "what could it mean"/blaming it on myself but he assures me that he's attracted to me, feels desire for me, etc. And overall our relationship is loving and secure and we work out problems.  I've asked what he likes/how he would like me to approach him but he doesn't seem to have an idea and he feels insecure/inept when I've brought this up. I may be more inclined to sex but it's hard to say... He's mentioned that he's worried he watches too much porn or masturbates too much when we're not together.   I suggested that the next time the above situation repeats itself, I say "what's going in your head?" Or "where did you go?" instead of internally freaking out about it. Also, sex seems to happen naturally when we're on vacation. Or we've had a really good day together. Or sometimes, it's like he needs a reminder- like we're in the shower. But I can't always replicate the ideal day and environment and I want sex and want to connect with my partner.   Advice? Thanks for reading.
