38db9a5af115be00d29978e68ac81d88408a13a27e0c260d389f738acb51edd3;;;Needing opinions/advice;;;Okay where to begin I (f 24) met my partner (m 22) nearly three years ago when we started uni since we were on the same course. From the beginning we were joined at the hip. He had a rubbish phone with no credit so I found it easier to just pop round rather than call etc. I was living with him from day one. Over the last two years we’ve argued about things like no being able to reach by phone (always on silent mode) and not listening to me etc. He also had trouble sleeping, concentrating in lectures constantly fidgeting. This lead me to research into adhd and I encouraged him to start the process of getting diagnosed as it being untreated was the root off most of our arguments. Fast forward to just over a month ago we finally got his diagnosis of inattentive adhd. We were so overwhelmingly happy to begin a new chapter in our life with treating his adhd. This was particularly important as the lease is ending for our house share and we want to try just living together us two. But I had to go home due to quarantine so we never got the chance to get his new medication together and he didn’t pursue it alone. I wanted to quarantine with him at our unis town but I found out my mum has breast cancer the day after we got his diagnosis. He was never very good at messaging when we’ve been apart during the holidays so I’ve learnt to wait for him to message me as that takes the pressure off him to reply to me as soon as I’d like. I asked him before I left to look after himself and let me or his family know if he needs money for food (bad with money as you’d expect) or just help in general as he has lost weight while being on his own before. During the first week he was on his own he missed his deadline and only realised as I constantly asked him to please write down when his deadlines are (as I have extensions). So fast forward to the point where he’s been on his own for two weeks he’s told me he’s back at his mums house because he was struggling so much while alone.He ran out of money and even when he got money from his family when he went to the shops he wasn’t buying stuff for meals. Also his shop was enforcing a one way direction through the shop so if he forgot something he couldn’t go back and get it. He had been rationing his food to keep going to the point when he got home he couldn’t eat a normal sized meal and felt sick. While I was worrying he had covid 19! A huge argument starts as he’s adamant he’s done no wrong etc and we’re currently on a break with break up being highly potential. I love him so so much and are very desperate for this to work. But now knowing he can’t function on his own makes me hesitant to move in with him. I’ve read many posts on this subreddits and they all say the same things as how I feel. Except it’s further down the line with marriage and kids etc. I don’t want him to resent me and me him especially when he’s so resistant to receiving help from me. I want to suggest not living together for a year so we have a chance to grow more independently but I also don’t want to throw him in the deep end. But then if I never give him the chance to live without relying on me or his family I worry I’ll be stuck looking after him my whole life when it’s something I can see myself doing out of love. Do you have any opinions or advice that might help? I don’t want to make a decision I’ll regret
38db9a5af115be00d29978e68ac81d88408a13a27e0c260d389f738acb51edd3;;;We broke up and I’m devastated;;;For some context me (f 24(M) and my now ex (m 22) broke up last night. We have been dating the past three years of uni. The last time I saw him we were together and have broken up while not being able to see each other due to covid. I helped him get his diagnosis just before kick down started and I went home to be with my family. We broke up for a number of reasons, we hardly talked during lockdown because of the pressure (for him) to maintain contact and remember to do so. When we did talk we argued, mainly about not communicating well/enough. But now we’ve decided it’s probably best given the circumstances and the fact he needs to work on his adhd treatment without the added stress of being a partner to me. I am devastated to say the least. I have tried so hard the past three years and have done everything to help him including getting him diagnosed. He said we could potentially get back together once he figures it all out but honestly I don’t see any drive in him to do so. E.g hasn’t contacted his adhd doctor about medication in over two months. I still worry and care about him but now no longer can aid him in the way I used to. I’m so worried that I’ve helped him this far for him to not Carey on moving forward in a positive direction. Or worse he figures it all out just to end up with someone else. It’s probably selfish to think that but it’s how I feel. I don’t know if anyone’s been in a similar situation but I’m not sure who to turn to right now. Would a normal therapist be able to help me considering it’s so adhd focused? And help would be greatly appreciated, I’m in bits
