38f6ddc9e6f24c412d85946d99155b419219e19bba0904a5988fe72cceaffaa1;;;I’m a DX woman;;;I wanted to give some insight into the ADHD partner. So here it goes...  I’m (27/dx) a trainee counsellor and unemployed person. When in the room with my clients, or ANYONE, I am the most attentive, curious person you will have met. That magnetic element of connection is a strong area of hyperfocus for me. But when I’m not in the room with them? It’s out of sight, out of mind. It is no reflection on my degree of love or care, but imagine those feelings are, like a flip book, flipped to the back of my mind while the next page underneath is now the only thing I see and act on. Then when that page flips back up, I feel the same way as when I left off.  I rarely even get to choose what page is next in the flip book, and I certainly don’t get to flip through the book and prioritise and reorder the pages. Even if I tried to, my brain is mostly incapable of recognising how to rate the priority of any one thing from the next. I can know it cognitively and emotionally that, say for instance, answering your text from last month is more important than watching a 5 hour long walkthrough of a walking simulator video game I’ve never even played to get to know the intimate relations of all the characters to each other just because I saw one comment about it that made me curious and then BAM my evening is wasted on another useless rabbit hole I can’t look away from. But due the curiosity of the new thing eclipses and everything else falls away. Out of sight, out of mind. That is the rule.  It’s like, I will have washing up in my sink for a WEEK but bc of my ADHD brain, I see *past* the washing up. It has become part of the background, and no longer exists as something to alert my brain. Imagine it like when you look at something specific in the room you are in - while you look at something specific, everything around it kind of melds together in that moment, and becomes a “whole” with less defined lines around each object, because you have razor sharp focus on the one object. This is my brain on EVERYTHING. My life is a room where instead of seeing all the separate elements as what they are, separate parts that make a whole, I see the room in soft focus, except for one focused element at a time - and the focus is largely outside of my control. This means birthdays of people I love are in soft focus, it means that the things I promised I would do earlier that day are in soft focus. I might even be somewhat aware of them in my peripherals but without those clearly defined perimeters around them that stop them from becoming just a part of the background, they are at risk of becoming unnoticeable to me.  I set reminders on my phone - but because they aren’t new and interesting or randomised - they become a part of the background. I start a habit of a reminder to drink water, which sends me a notifications. On day one and two, it’s great. On day 3, I see past the notification, and no longer notice it on my phone. It’s become too normalised, and no longer captures my attention. I don’t read the notification and think “nah”, it goes off, I don’t notice what it says, I just turn it off because it’s interrupting me finding out more about the way that Pied Wagtail birds have adapted to live alongside humans and exploited our environments to get their needs met - meanwhile my washing and washing up has piled, I have assignments still due despite my uni classes ending a year ago. All I can see is how fascinating Pied Wagtails are right now.  The way that I clean is that I don’t notice what needs doing until one day I notice that I feel rubbish because my environment is a shit hole, and so I hyperfocus on cleaning for a whole day and maybe pull an all nighter. And every single time I say to myself “I will never do this again”. It’s a nightmare - I have tried a million interventions. I am now thinking I need to just accept this about myself and buy a roomba and hire a cleaner every month or two to help me keep more on top of it all. My ADHD partner doesn’t want to hire anyone to pay anyonehelp us when we move in together, because he is still in denial of the fact he can’t manage and overestimates his ability to get it done. He makes me want to claw my eyes out, so it helps me understand what you are all going through.  Every single day is a tragic tale of curiosity gone wrong. My relationships are in tatters, my placement and uni find me unreliable, I have been unemployed for over a year now and I’m struggling to complete my work for my degree. I am happy when in my little hyperfocus and devastated when I look up and see the reality of my life. The chronic underachievement, the impossibility of demonstrating reliability and consistent reachability to the people I love most, waking up to notice how my neglect of them has lead them to understandably distance from me or deprioritise me as someone important to them - but the clincher is that I love them just the same as before.
38f6ddc9e6f24c412d85946d99155b419219e19bba0904a5988fe72cceaffaa1;;;My unpopular opinion (I’m Dx);;;I have ADHD and I’m a trainee counsellor. I’m also in a long term relationship with someone with highly suspected ADHD. I followed this sub because I wanted more insight into how my behaviour affects people who love me.  I want to lay out some thoughts here on a few different posts, just in case they might be helpful to neurotypical partners.  I see so many posts on here from people (generally women) who are just absolutely EXASPERATED with their partners’ behaviours. The exhaustion of being the NT partner is very real, and absolutely valid. I hear you - I joined this sub to be able to hear you. You’re tired - you want a partner that is present, engaged, reliable, interested, curious about you. You want a partner who matches your effort and attention, and who shares half of the responsibility - not only around the house, but within the family. You are tired of being the calendar, the sounding board, the family glue.  The reason why I’m writing is that I regularly see evidence in this sub of many people who are at their wits end with their partner - and as a way of trying to solve the problem, they have understandably forgotten that there is an irreducible difference in the way our brains can and do function. We don’t think differently to you because we choose to. We don’t think differently to you because we are lazy or complacent.  And the most important one of all:  We don’t think differently to you because we don’t care about you.  I’m here a fresh reminder of the fact that I know you resent so much: This person you have picked isn’t going to change.  Of course, I don’t know your partner. I don’t know their capacity and potential. But what I do know is that ADHD is not curable, and is therefore a terminal condition - meaning that the best case scenario is that it is to be accepted and managed.  Your partner is terminally ADHD. That isn’t just an empty thing to say. It’s important because I mentioned that the best case scenario involves acceptance.  Many people in this sub, due to their inability to tell themselves the ugly truth, refuse to accept who it is that they’ve picked as a life partner. I really do empathise with this - I’ve never done this with someone who has ADHD, but I’ve had multiple relationships that I lied to myself about.  Many people in this sub float doubt continually about their partner’s true capability and capacities - they measure their partner against a perceived idea in their own minds of what their partner is capable of. But the potential you imagine about your partner is flawed because that potential is something you made up in your own neurotypical mind. I know that is a hard pill to swallow but I’m going to say it again because it’s so important...  You have an ideal in your mind about what your partner is capable of - this is because you have a sense in your own mind about what this persons “potential” is. But potential is not real. Potential doesn’t exist in the material world. It’s an idea... it’s a prediction. But this idea you have is tainted by experiences and then subsequently assumptions you have about things like motivation, cognition, memory, focus etc. If you’re being honest with yourselves - for most of you, this “potential” you see in your partner, is actually based on an imagined version of your partner without ADHD.  But their ADHD is terminal. The potential is a lie. It’s a harmful and oppressive lie because it holds someone else - who is disabled, by the way - to unrealistic standards.  I can tell you firsthand that other people’s idea of my potential has wrecked my self esteem for YEARS. I hated myself. Felt deeply ashamed of myself. It was abusive to be held to truly unrealistic standards that I could never reach, and has left me with crippling perfectionism.  If you’re going to roll on in here and say “well I pushed my partner to do X, Y and Z, and they’d be nothing without me” - well good for you. Pushing your partner to do well isn’t necessarily bad.... I’ve never argued to call that bad. What is bad is taking that internal wish - that “I wish my partner didn’t have this disability” - and trying to externalise it by denying that the disability exists (I.e. Saying, “are they just doing this to piss me off? Because they’re lazy?” Or my personal favourite, one of the most common micro aggressions - rebranding their attempt to explain what is happening as an “excuse”)  It’s going to be brutal to hear this, but if you’re going to rebrand your partner’s symptoms as excuses then you are actively working to undermine your partner’s mental health. I’m not for a second saying that their behaviours don’t undermine your mental health as well - I imagine they absolutely do! But you have picked a person with a literal brain impairment, which is why they act the way that they do. If you reframe their attempts to understand themselves and their situation and share that with you, then you are literally gaslighting them, even if you don’t mean to. And if this is a position that you and your partner are at - where you are literally doubting the existence of their issue - you shouldn’t be together.  I want to reiterate that pushing your partner towards betterment is not bad. Pushing someone with a disability to do (for them) what is impossible, reframing their explanations as excuses and pretending they have more will power and control over their symptoms than is realistic.  There IS a window of control that we each have, but I promise you, I never lie about my symptoms. They are a chaotic force in my life, and I’m at mercy to them most of the time. Even if I created a bullet proof system (which doesnt even exist) they aren’t gone away - they are temporarily managed for the duration that I have that exact system working as well as it can. But is no system to catch all of our idiocyncronies - and even if there was, both designing and maintaining systems are the EXACT things we are unable to do. So our systems are forever slipping and breaking.  That’s probably why you feel like a bloody manager to your partner - or a parent. It must suck from your perspective! You have to manage this adult human being who might look to be refusing to manage themselves.  It’s not refusal to manage - it’s near inability.  I’m saying this, because even as someone who has had 3 years of therapy, and works as a therapist myself - I STILL mostly can’t change almost all of the rubbish behaviours I have. And I hate them too, trust me. But for my own sake, I need to accept them as a part of me. I need to understand them, and have them accepted into my relationships. I am living with this fundamental limitation. And I accept that, and I only choose other people who accept that. It doesn’t mean I don’t challenge myself or create new systems to help me manage, but it does mean that I need to accept the parts that I simply don’t have a system to compensate for.  I know it’s hard to hear but here it is...  - Your partner isn’t changing (for the most part) - Yes, their symptoms are real, and most of them are here to stay - Even the symptoms they manage are unlikely to be manageable at all times - Your ideal of this person’s potential is a literal idea that exists only in your neurotypical mind and should not be accepted as being rooted in reality - it is fundamentally faulty because it is formed from your experience and understanding of cognition, not a neurodivergent experience and understanding of their differing cognition - Measuring someone against an ideal of them without their disability is extremely unhealthy relating and is extremely harmful to your partner - Accepting the existence of the problem and validating the existence of your partner’s own unique experience is as fundamental to living healthily with ADHD as is forming systems to help them live with it   Finally - My wish for you is that you are honest with yourself. Do you want to leave? Please let yourself leave. You deserve to be happy - you really, really do.  I understand this might really upset some people. That’s okay. I’m here to tell my version of the truth as someone with ADHD. I cannot talk for all people with ADHD, but I feel like my perspective may help some people.
