394e556e0aeaf4302d2002b3110b14f359c0c6b5282902301d745ab2f9b10976;;;Advice on boundaries with ADHD partner;;;My M26 Dx unmediated partner and I have been dating a little over a year now. We hit it off fairly quickly and became an official couple. We haven’t had any major issues other than handling my anxiety and his adhd.   For context, he did not bring up his ADHD, which I respected. I had to ask about it, which he brushed off and said that almost everyone has adhd so it is no big deal. I agree that it does not need to be addressed all the time like a label on your forehead. He was diagnosed as a child and medicated as a youth until he decided to stop. But, we have had some difficulty with communication and intimacy. At times, I wonder if it is adhd or something else. He is very intelligent (almost gifted), disciplined with his work, task oriented, and generally very attentive to the relationship.   I am a NT who values emotional intimacy, trust, commitment, and fun. But sometimes I feel like I have to walk on egg shells because we communicate in different ways. He is insecure and needs constant reassurance of my loyalty and wants me to devote a lot of my energy to him. I’m a very independent and self motivated person and I feel like I’m with a child at times. We can’t have intimate conversations because it’s seriously not in his vocabulary. Sometimes I struggle with his robotic tone, when he stares into space for a long time when he’s uncomfortable with the conversation, his strange facial expressions, sharp tone of voice, and controlling behavior with food and budgets.   I feel like I’m going crazy at times trying to make him feel valued. The other day I made a comment that he took the wrong way, and it led to a whirlwind of emotional turmoil. He told me that I’m gaslighting him, I’m not. It’s like he jumps to conclusions and assumes the worst.   We always apologize after an argument,  and he cuddles with me to tell me that I’m important and he wants a further with me.  I want a future with him too. I love him, he is incredibly loving generous and sweet. He’s everything I want in a man, but I just want to understand his adhd and bring light to it. Sometimes I question if it asd, but I brought it up and it was a very ugly fight. I felt wrong for asking.  But damn, how am I supposed to cope when I have no idea (and he does not recognize) the extent that his adhd impacts the relationship. I know I’m not perfect myself, but I at least acknowledge my faults.  There are so many things that I’ve had to Reddit and google instead of ask him face to face. I really want to ask about his motor tics and try to understand why he does the things he does. Or maybe better put, I want to understand the neurological issues happening with him. I think that is fair for someone that I am about to move in with, someone that I might want to have kids with, someone I want to marry.  How do I bring up his adhd without hurting him? Does this get better over time? Am I signing myself up for something I cannot handle?
