397b2e1b55012d754df0955744ad3101ab1eab4ffa0934210eab4a2e9fd1c604;;;Not sure what to do;;;Hey everyone, first time poster here! Sorry for a lot of text and sorry for possible mistakes, English is not my native language 😢   So I met this guy around a year ago. I was against the idea of meeting someone new because I'm still not over my past abusive relationships that gave me anxiety and huge self esteem problems. I didn't know how it would affect my new relationships so I just restrained myself from them. But he was nice and sweet and I fell for him. He has ADHD, diagnosed, unmedicated. He mentioned that even before I got feelings to him.    I asked if he'd like to be with me, he replied he wants everything to come naturally. We were just casually meeting and spending good time with each other. Everything was fine. He is super nice and always texts me first, literally every day. He memorizes every single little detail about me and my life and he is always here to support me when I feel bad. I obviously do the same to him. We spend a lot of time together. But we actually never get back to that relationship conversation so I don't really know if we're exclusive or not. I'm too afraid to ask, tbh. Every time I feel like I'm about to ask, but then I think "it'll stress him out", and I never ask. He introduced me to his friends and actually at some point was thinking of moving together with me, but as I said we never had the talk and we don't call each other boyfriend and girlfriend. That's a big issue for me.   The reason I'm writing this meaningless post is in his recent change in behavior. Everything was fine last week, but this week everything is terrible. We barely talked this weekend. He followed three girls from our city on Instagram and they followed him back, and I don't know where he found them because he stays at home basically all day. I started thinking that he might be using dating apps and it hurts me so bad. He still reaches out to me every day, still shares some important facts about his life, but he now spends a lot of time on Instagram and seems to be more interested in Instagram than in talking to me. I feel broken and I can't even talk to him about it because as I mentioned we're not officially committed.   I honestly don't even know what I want to get from posting this... Probably I want to know if I should worry about these girls and change in his behavior.   TL;DR I have anxiety and insecure af, he has ADHD, and we never discussed if we're in the relationships. He followed girls from our city on Instagram, and I don't know what to think.
