3a91457c07459ea220c1cf78fe3ad5bc4e9f327243e3843ee2dec009dd6dba6f;;;My (19f) boyfriend (20m) tried to break up with me;;;My boyfriend is the dx. He also has social anxiety and possibly depression. I have persistent depressive disorder and general anxiety disorder. Dating for just over a year, although we were also fwb the year prior while I was in an open relationship. He didn't know about the open relationship at the time, but he does now.   For some background, we recently got into a fight. I made some jokes about transphobic people at his house, his sister heard and decided that she was uncomfortable with me being in the house unless I promise not to make those jokes. I refused to promise that, so my bf told me that she said I was no longer allowed in the house. I got mad at him for not standing up for me, and eventually because he shares some of the same views as his sister. I broke up with him out of anger, but we got back together the next day. I am prone to angry outbursts, but I think they are always justified. While we were broken up, I reached out to an old friend that I used to hook up with. I had wanted to talk to him for a while because he has met by boyfriend's sister and they apparently talked about me, which the sister told my bf about, which caused a fight between us months ago because he slut shamed me over it. The only reason I had not talked to my friend yet is that I knew it would make my boyfriend jealous. My boyfriend and I have gotten back together and I continue to talk to my old friend, there are no feelings between us and we're both in relationships. My boyfriend is jealous that we're friends, but he is friends with his old girlfriend from high school. I think he should just get over it. Also, I like to playfully tease my boyfriend sometimes, but I don't mean anything by it.   Since getting back together about two weeks ago, we have had one conversation about it. I assumed this was just the first conversation and that we would keep working on it.   My boyfriend had been pretty much ignoring me for a few days, and then yesterday he asked me if I wanted to talk on the phone. When I did, he said that we should stop seeing each other. When I asked him why, he said that I hurt his feelings by teasing him, he was upset that I was talking to my friend again, and that he had been lying to me about things because he didn't want to hurt my feelings. He also doesn't like that I'm not friendly with his sister. He had never told me any of this or given us a chance to talk this out before breaking up with me. I asked him what he had lied about to protect my feelings, and he said some things about his sister's beliefs, and that he had lied when he said he trusted me not to cheat on him with my friend.   He also said that he believes we are in an enmeshed relationship. I don't feel enmeshed with him at all, but I think he might be enmeshed with me. He said that he feels my emotions as well. When I am sad, he is sad until he can make me happy. He is afraid to tell me things that he thinks will upset me. I don't really feel the same toward him, and I don't expect this from him either. I've told him before that I am depressed, but I don't need him to fix me and that is not his job. And we disagree on things sometimes without issue, like bdsm or astrology, but the only thing that has caused a big fight like this is our differences of opinion on trans rights. I don't know and am worried that I might be subconsciously encouraging him to be enmeshed with me. I also think his enmeshment could possibly be because of the emotional dysregulation that is common in ADHD.   I was able to convince him that we should talk and try to work this out before breaking up. I also apologized for hurting his feelings with my teasing. I did establish a boundary that he is allowed to be jealous, but he can't control who I am friends with. I'm also pretty firm in that I don't like his sister and plan to interact with her as little as possible. Other than this disagreement, she has also tried to argue with me about my racial identity (I am mixed) and say that I am the same as white people who claim to be 1/64th of something "exotic" because I identify more with one side of my family over the other. My boyfriend was present for this argument and also did not stick up for me at all. I am also the child of an addict, and she enabled her addict boyfriend to relapse. So I don't like her, and I feel fair in that. I don't verbally attack her, I just don't engage with her at all and ignore her when she talks because she annoys me.   I asked him if he agreed not to break up because that is what he wants, or if he was just doing it so as not to hurt me. He said he didn't know.   I want to work this out, but I don't know if its even possible. I am confused, and hurt that he has apparently been lying to me. Before this I considered him to be the most honest person I knew. I am grateful for any insight or advice you may have. I am mostly confused about if there are things I have been doing wrong that I'm not seeing, and what I can do to help with his enmeshment and set boundaries in that regard.
3a91457c07459ea220c1cf78fe3ad5bc4e9f327243e3843ee2dec009dd6dba6f;;;How do you feel about your partner not being fully present during sex?;;;My partner is diagnosed and has social anxiety as well, I have depression and anxiety. He's mostly inattentive, very little hyperactivity.   He has told me that while we're having sex, he never really feels completely in the moment. There is always something else in the back of his mind. There are even times that something else is at the forefront of his mind, and he gets visibly distracted during sex and has to remind himself of what he's doing. I've also seen other people with ADHD talk about experiencing the same thing.   He's a good sexual partner and always makes sure my needs are beyond met, but honestly, knowing this does hurt my feelings a little bit, especially when I see him get distracted by something.   I was wondering if other people noticed the same thing in their partner, and how you feel about it. How do you cope with any negative feelings?
