3b665c5060d9abafc62d10e14ac0705d348cf43fe03faf52ef0df862d193c205;;;Does anyone else feel like they're going crazy?;;;Does anyone else feel like everything is in their head? Or that they're going absolutely crazy?  Some background: my husband, (m/29), is un-diagnosed and untreated for his ADHD, and as such I feel like he is in deep delusion about his behavior. I set up a counseling session to try and get him on board with addressing his mental health. Ten minutes into the session the therapist said it sounded like he very obviously has a text book case of ADHD. Since then he has done nothing to improve his mental health, and my frustration is building. I have done TONS of research, I found him a family doctor in the hopes that he would be diagnosed. But he will not seek further help, and even mentioned that he wishes he had never told me what the therapist said :(  &amp;#x200B;  I feel like whenever I point out a behavior that I think is caused by ADHD, like his constant distraction, he wants me to provide multiple examples. I feel like I need to carefully construct a business case for any behavior of his that negatively impacts me that I want him to work on. The problem is, even if I feel like I have a rock solid case, he says he doesn't see what I mean and that he won't apologize for things he doesn't think he does. I feel like I am constantly second guessing myself, and that I am going crazy :(  &amp;#x200B;  Anyone else experience this? I also have problems with self esteem and anxiety so I feel like I can't always trust my own perception of things.
3b665c5060d9abafc62d10e14ac0705d348cf43fe03faf52ef0df862d193c205;;;Anxiety and ADHD husband;;;Do any other NT spouses struggle with anxiety? For context, my Husband is diagnosed but untreated for his ADHD. I have been diagnosed with an Anxiety Disorder, for which I am medicated and in therapy for.  I feel like the uncertainty and lack of accountability caused by my husband's ADHD is contributing or at least exacerbating my anxiety issues, and I am having a hard time healing. Wondering what tasks he will forget is very stressful. Being in charge of delegation and task manager is weighing on me. I would love to remind him to do something once and be able to consider it done, but it usually takes two or three prompts for him to handle a task. Which causes me to worry, and feeds into my desire to check and re-check.  When it comes to administrative task, my husband is completely incapable to completing things on his own. To the point where I get so frustrated I just do them for him. But this has created an expectation. He now expects me to handle that side of his life, which has made me very resentful. I know I should let him fail on his own, but worrying about the repercussions of leaving things undone just causes me so much stress.   I wish I could tune out his problems sometimes and just concentrate on my own life.
