3cfeebffbd0bd844076596fc85a414d38eb1686f48cb1cd8f6aea4b605969d1f;;;New challenges with both of us working from home.;;;I have been married to my husband (m/31/dx) for 4 years. We have become fairly good at dealing with most of the very common household-type ADHD issues and we have a nice even split on chores (even though one of my chores still is and always will be reminding him to do his \*sigh\*). For the most part, my husband's ADHD is an annoyance at worst and one of the really special wonderful things I love about him at best.   We both work in computer science careers, so we have been fortunate not to fear for our job security through the coronavirus outbreak (thank God), but OH MY GOD WORKING FROM HOME WITH THIS MAN. We've gotten into this cycle where we will both start work in the morning, I will work for my 8 (realistically 6-10 depending on what I have going on that day) hours and then I will start making dinner. It's not that he disturbs me during the day, or disrupts my ability to do my work. The problem is that his day looks more like this: He gets up, "starts work", is unable to focus for several hours, feels guilty about not working when he should be, really gets started in the afternoon, hyperfocuses until I come in around 8:00 to remind him that the work day is over and he is part of a family and he needs to come out of his office, is cranky for the rest of the night because of his meds/caffeine crash.      I am willing to be flexible with timing, and do everything I can to help him work his full week during this stressful time, but I also am starting to feel the old familiar "Mom" feeling that we worked so hard to get out of when it comes to chores/housework/bills/etc. It hurts my feelings and makes me feel very lonely to only get the cranky, guilty side of my partner. I miss him!  So, I guess I'm wondering if anyone has any tips that have worked for their family when it comes to helping their partner a.) really focus during WFH hours and b.) create some boundaries between work and home in this situation so they can enjoy their family life in addition to getting their work done.
