3ea832dd8832529e04542e5427c07ee4e61900b554f888a8aaf8047ad7d18887;;;ADHD (ndx) SO making our life and his son’s so hard;;;This doesn’t come from a place of heartlessness but frustration. My SO is constantly making his and his son’s (9) life harder by not thinking things through or bc of forgetfulness. My SO has told me that he thinks he has ADD and I agree. He’s inattentive, impulsive, has trouble following multistep chores, etc. Tonight he went to make himself and his son dinner at 7pm and found that the chicken he was planning to cook had gone bad. He had to go to the store for more food and by the time he and son eat it will be bedtime. He always does things like this. Can’t manage time so son goes back to his mom’s house unshowered/unfed. He can’t put time limits on his or son’s activities so they both end up being late for things. Goes to work without phone or sends son to school without his backpack. I’m sick of it and I’ve stopped trying to help because when I do I get a huffy response of “I was about to do that” or “don’t worry about it it doesn’t relate to you” and it’s clear that my attempts to help don’t make a difference to SO.   If SO had ever tried to get tested or spoken to a dr about this I would be more understanding. But he has never looked into this and just lives how he wants without questioning the impact on his and his son’s life. Son is young and has his own (diagnosed) executive functioning challenges so if he is going to learn life and self management skills it’s crucial for his dad to take his own cognitive needs seriously. I’m sick of taking care of both of them and watching them fail when I don’t step in. Idk how to address this with him, in the past when I’ve tried to talk to him about managing his shortcomings (I didn’t put it like that)he’s gotten frustrated and said I’m overreacting. I want to have a conversation about him getting tested and addressing these issues but I have no idea how to bring it up. Any suggestions from folks who have gone through similar situations?
