3f16c441fd5e3539b7167792521a8f92637c0175209f2221759896757b7860aa;;;ADHD partner not getting help/doesnt seems to improve;;;Hello!  I have been with my spouse for near 5 years. I could go on for hours about how his inaction has hurt me deeply, but it would not be productive.  So, the TLDR is that he looks like he deeply wants to be better, like, really, but he doesn't do anything to improve.  I am myself someone that have a fast range of mental illness, adhd included, even if more the symptoms seen in women. Since the start of our relationship, I have fought SO hard to improve, be better, understand myself and move forward. I have achieve to get out of the permanent massive depression that I had since 12yo, getting medication, therapy, researching, reading,listening... As you would have guessed I am a pretty independant person who doesnt want problems to stay there, without solutions.  He has been diagnosed and been medicated since he is 14 yo. When I met him, he was on a trip, he had friends, was going to bars, wanted to return to college ect. Since we've been together, he just became more and more inactive. He doesn't have friends anymore. He doesn't go out. He doesn't do any hobbies. Of course he does 0 things in our relationship and 0 help with the house/finance/planning even when I am on my last straw and cannot do it myself. I have begged him to go to therapy. It's been like 4 month that he said he called one and has beeb waiting on their list and now waiting for a call bavk bla bla bla. His whole life at the moment is waking up, going on a video game, and if he is working (from home rn because covid) he put his laptop on his lap and play and work at the same time. That's all. That's litterally all.  Everytime I have asked him to go out he doesn't feel like it so I stopped asking. He goes days without showering or changing shirt since remote work started.  I'm not saying I'm perfect, far from it. I have nagged and still do sometines. I have said very toxic things, some that I regret, some I don't. I have just been so broken, frustrated and resentful that at the point idk if I can stay after I can leave financially. I have tried to communicate, never hid anything from him, tried to explain, find solutions, planning, organization helps ect ect to no end.  I can take a lot, but the fact that he isn't actively searching a solution is just soul breaking.  ACTUAL QUESTION: So, at that point I'm not even asking for the relationship, but for him. What can I do? Please, if someone that has lived that as a partner or was like this, please tell me what can I do to get him to get better. Seeing the person you love hating themselves and wanting so bad to be better but not doing anything for it and just becoming worse and worse each day is just breaking me. I have no idea how he's going to do when I'm gone.  Thanks ❤️
