3f5b411057514be319eb62ed9bbd6f277cc3187b9326a6392cfe2a4cac6213c1;;;Those of you with kids, house etc with an ADHD partner - would you do it again?;;;I (F30) am feeling like I'm at a horrible decision point with my DX husband (M33).   We've been together for 10 years, married for 6.  I love this man so much.  We are so compatible.  He's my best friend.  We have many hobbies in common, we get along so well, and generally really enjoy each other company.  He has lots of great qualities - he's smart, passionate, kind, generous, patient.  He brings out the best in me.  All these reasons are why I married him, and why I've had no regrets.  He has ADHD and depression.  I try very hard to be a supportive partner.  I know its the ADHD and not him - but we have our problems.  The major problem is that he has been unemployed basically our entire relationship.  The second biggest problem is that I do 95% of household management/chores/planning (which at this point in our lives isn't that much work, so I don't mind it too too much).  He has been medicated and in therapy for almost 2 years now, but we have seen very little improvement.  He's trying - but it's almost like his trying isn't helping.  It's heartbreaking for him.  I really am starting to want to get to the next stage of my life.  I can't help feeling bitter that if only he had been able to hold down a job, we would have money for a down payment by now (or we could traveled more, or what if, what if, what if).  We both want kids "down the road" - but down the road keeps getting pushed further and further away.  I have serious concerns about whether or not he would actually be able to help me with children.  Or whether I will be run off my feet being a full time parent and full time bread winner.   I feel absolutely horrible.  I don't know what to do.   I'm asking those of you with all of the kids/house/etc responsibilities.....  If you could go back in time, would you have stayed with your partner, but not have children?  Do you regret having kids with your partner?  Do you wish you had cut and run?   &amp;#x200B;  Thank you xx
