3fb2b7eac889a734807b7916a57408d83d235fdadd5d8b0530893848ee1c57ef;;;Social immaturity;;;My husband is not diagnosed but he and our children show signs of ADHD. One of the things I've noticed over the years is my husband's social immaturity. When I first met him (age 25) I just assumed he was a late bloomer and would calm down over time. And while that is partially true, the way he socializes with people continues to be, frankly, embarrassing. He seems to rely heavily on shock value to get reactions out of people. That means things like regaling my cousins, who are devout Christians, with stories about drugs and sex. He often jumps upon the most inappropriate things he can find and offers them up in social situations just because he knows it will get reactions out of people.  This was somewhat amusing in our 20s, but we're now in our late 30's and it's standing out more and more. When he's not being wildly inappropriate, he's often complaining about work situations in excessive detail to people who neither know anything about his line of work nor care about the problems that he describes in excruciating detail. He stayed at home with our two kids for a few years and I thought that perhaps he had just gotten out of practice in socializing and encouraged him strongly to look for jobs in an office where he would need to interact with other people.  But now that he has one of those jobs, he's incredibly stressed and often getting in trouble for ruffling feathers and telling people how they are doing things wrong. He constantly judges his coworkers and doesn't understand why people don't seem to be appreciative of the work that he does. I originally met him at work and I know that he can be clueless in how he approaches difficult conversations. I know several mutual coworkers who swear up and down that they will never work with him again because he was so difficult to deal with.  Does anyone have thoughts or suggestions as to what might help him learn how to relate to people in a more socially acceptable manner? We recently moved to a new state and so far he has not made any friends, and the few coworker friends he made are now gone because he switched jobs. In fact, since I met him 12 years ago, I can't think of a single new friendship that he has made that has really stuck. He doesn't seem bothered by the lack of companions in his life, but he is an introvert and so he is drained by social events in general. I'm certain that his social skills are part of the reason he has such a hard time with his coworkers (and bosses), but frankly I don't know how to help him here.
