41020b7dca63018f86033fa60643639a43feb6d09dbd006f40f8711241baa48f;;;First time posting-ADHD partner having different emotional standards for himself?;;;Hey everyone.. I (Female 27) found this thread through an exorbitant amount of ADHD research (I swear I could have a PhD at this point). I've been with my partner (male, 30) for just over a year. Love him dearly, and by most accounts he's pretty amazing.. the issues I have are when negative emotions get involved. For instance, he talks to me about something that's happened to him, and it effected him negatively (for arguments sake, let's say it was my fault). Naturally, im quick to apologize for making him feel some type of way. Explain my intentions etc. Sometimes its smoothes over and sometimes those hurt angry feelings persist for hours...over something incredibly small(to me, my friends and my family). So the reaction is disproportionate. Which i understand is part of the ADHD. Ive learned to work through those with him.. My heart breaks a little each time my feelings get hurt, and I do not receive the same level of respect or sincerity. If he thinks its a "non factor" he will get upset with me for being upset over something "small". Of course it doesn't feel small to me, but then the discussion of "my feelings are hurt" turns into my apologizing for upsetting him and making things weird. Now I know what you're going to say- he sounds like a jerk... however, this isn't always the case. Sometimes if my hurt feelings make sense to him, he apologizes and understands. Its only when things don't make sense to him- he gets irritated. My question is, has anyone else gone through this? Explaining that it might not make sense to you, but my heart still hurts, doesn't work. It's still an "attack" on him or making something bigger than what it is..  I feel as though he expects and needs me to be very understanding of his emotions and how he feels, despite them not making any sense... but I dont always get the same in return if he doesn't deem it as something worth being upset over.  Sorry for the long post, I really appreciate it. If anyone has additional resources for ADHD or ADHD partners please post them below. Yes I love him, yes hes difficult to be with sometimes.. but no, leaving is not an option.  Also please DM if you're in similar situation.. id love to pick some brains. Thanks ❤
