4158af2df1b53b2d487ee715e33e9737cb66263186f059e8f24f55374f741d9b;;;Am I wrong for wanting an apology from my DX S.O even though I know he can’t help it ?;;;My(24) S.O(25) was DX a few months ago and he started on Medication. We have known he’s had ADHD our whole relationship (2 years married 6 years together) but we never realized it was the reason for his lack of help around the house. I always thought of it as laziness. Until we found this page and it helped us realize his condition was the real issue. House chores was something that we argued about frequently our entire relationship. It has become a huge issue for me and we have had many many fights in regards to this. Since being medicated 3 months ago, he has been better with helping me around the house. Still not as much as I want him to. But enough to where I am happy and very grateful for the help I can get. I left for a weekend trip with some friends. Before leaving I had cleaned almost the whole house, but I left a room for him to clean. He said he will have it done before I got back. When I returned. I was disappointed to see he had not done what he said he would do. This brought back a lot of emotions and feelings from the past. I felt let down. Him not sticking to his word always made me feel like I can’t rely on him. He mentioned he forgot his medication at work so he couldn’t clean the room. I understand that. I understand he has ADHD. But he was so confused why I still seemed a little upset or bothered (it was mainly showing in my face). I just said I wished he would apologize. It sounds so simple and silly. Especially given is DX. But I’m still left feeling how it always made me feel. He never apologized about it In the past. And he even more so feels it’s unnecessary  to apologize, given that he forgot his medication and his condition is to blame. Is it wrong of me to still be upset ? to want an apology for something he can’t always control ? I just could really use some advice.
4158af2df1b53b2d487ee715e33e9737cb66263186f059e8f24f55374f741d9b;;;Miserable- How do I cope with my husbands ADHD. Starting medication and it’s not helping.;;;Hello. Sorry I’m typing this in anger and frustration. I’ve been married for 2 years now and have been in a relationship for 6 years. I have known from the beginning that my husband had ADHD. But we both did not know how deeply rooted it was involved in most of our issues. My husband struggles to hold down a job/ do well in work. I thought for a very long time he was just a lazy/messy guy. I get frustrated with his lack of help around the house. I also just thought he was just not a very hard worker. We found few ADHD pages that really opened our eyes to how badly his ADHD affects our daily lives. You may ask, “why did you mary him if he had all of those bad qualities”. I did it because right in the midst of a breakup he was always very good at getting better for a short period of time. That’s when our relationship almost feels perfect. But soon after marriage, his ADHD kicked in again full fledge. He is finally trying medication for the first time. It’s not working on him. He’s taking 20mg and nothing is working. He’s angry about it and letting his frustration out on me. In return I am saying hurtful things to him that I know doesn’t make things any better. I just don’t know what to do anymore. I’m exhausted. I understand it’s hard for him too. But I just feel so depleted and i don’t have the patients for this anymore. This feels impossible. Did you have the same experience? I feel so alone...
