43404f706b89bbd0ce604c19d7bdc20b4c878e382ac71a8a4b7e3eb1644803a5;;;Handling newly DX husband's low frustration tolerance;;;My (25F NDX) husband (26M - new DX) have been married for almost 3 years. We have a pretty good relationship, except when he gets frustrated.   He was given an official ADHD diagnosis a few weeks ago, after having symptoms since childhood and throughout our relationship. I just finished a master's degree in psych/mental health nursing, so I've learned about the DSM-5 criteria, diagnosis, and treatment. He was on medication when he was younger, but he said it didn't seem effective (it was mainly methylphenidate preparations). Comorbid diagnoses include anxiety, depression, and high-functioning ASD. Therapy on hiatus d/t COVID-19 and takes duloxetine (Cymbalta) daily.   He has always seemed to have a low frustration tolerance, but I've noticed it more in the past year. When he gets frustrated, he will cry, raise his voice, and/or say mean things at himself or me. Again, I understand that he is frustrated about something, even if I think it's something small and insignificant (i.e., he drops a fork on the ground when we're washing dishes and he says 'kill me'). When he gets like this, I tend to not react externally and wait until he cools down before talking to him. But it's really hard when he says things that hurt me, like "Are you stupid?" or hitting one of my personal flaws. In most cases, he forgets about what happened and doesn't apologize unless I bring it up with him.   I feel that I have to walk on eggshells around him because I don't seem to know if he's frustrated at whatever anxious thoughts are going through his head, something I say or do, something that happened 10 years ago, sensory overload, or all of the above. It's getting really hard for me to keep my cool around him when he starts to take it out on me and he feels he can "never change" because of "how his brain works".  As his wife, I love and support him and want him to work harder to be better, especially since we have this conversation over and over and he doesn't like that he says mean things to me. What can I do to handle the low frustration tolerance without sacrificing my feelings?
43404f706b89bbd0ce604c19d7bdc20b4c878e382ac71a8a4b7e3eb1644803a5;;;DX husband afraid of having kids?;;;My (25F, NT) husband (26M, DX, not medicated) have been married for almost 3 years. Before we got married, we agreed that we wanted to have kids. We decided to wait until after I finished grad school, which I finished in May.   I've been hit pretty hard with baby fever in the past year and want to have kids a little bit earlier than we originally planned (starting to try in 2021/2022 rather than in 2023). Husband tends to be a bit more logical about these things, saying he'd rather we start paying off student loans first before having a baby. Makes sense.   However, in the past year, he doubts at times if he wants to have kids. He's afraid that something bad will happen to a baby because of his ADHD (not paying attention, forgetting, difficulty focusing, losing his temper). He's told me a couple of times that he might not actually want to have kids. I've chalked this up more to anxiety, but it does hurt to hear that.   For those of you who want or already have kids, how does ADHD affect your views on parenthood?
