44032c391c6c2a32a75c8fa496638a1a68706d066ee44d343d0f6a50ec2f8253;;;Trying to cope with realizing how much my (DX, 28f) partners ADHD affects me (nonADHD, 27f) during the pandemic. Looking for advice and support;;;So, long story here. Loooong post, warning ahead of time.  My partner (28f) is diagnosed ADHD. I (27f) do not have ADHD. We also both have been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Clinical Depression, and CPTSD. We’ve been together for 3 years.   My partner believes she is also Autistic, but has not been officially diagnosed. I agree with what she thinks, and don’t believe you HAVE to be officially diagnosed to be on the autism spectrum.   The situation that has led to this is kind of odd because while my partner DID disclose that she has ADHD, it’s clear that she’s sort of tried to avoid focusing on this diagnosis in her recent adult years, she was diagnosed at 5 and has had bad experiences as a child/teen with strings of bad doctors, bad experiences with medication, bad therapists, in addition to (and partially because of) bad and abusive parents. I have dated a few people with ADHD who have told me similar experiences, so I wasn’t surprised by this, and I think in a way I also sort of didn’t focus on this diagnosis.   My partner was in therapy until March, when the pandemic started. However, her 2nd to last therapist who she had for 3 years was not the right fit for her. She got connected to this therapist through resources for uninsured people, and this therapist seemed to be in the business of just like, I don’t know, very bare minimum talk therapy and not helping much with coping mechanisms and tools or addressing longer term issues. My partner got a new therapist at the beginning of the year who seemed like a much better fit... and then that therapist stopped contacting her after COVID started. So she’s been without therapy during this extremely tumultuous time.   My partner was working a customer service job the whole time we’ve been together. Objectively speaking, the job itself fucking sucked. And it sucked even more hearing the specifics of what she dealt with every day. She actively disliked her coworkers, her managers were rude and aloof, she dealt with BS from customers all day, and her body hurt from manual labor and standing for 8 hours. All around, most days I’d pick her up from work and there’d just be this depression and anger cloud above her. It got to the point where when we moved together I offered to pay for everything if she wanted to quit because I was tired of seeing her miserable, it just didn’t seem worth it. She kept refusing my offer, so I just would remind her every month or so that the option was there. When the pandemic hit, coincidentally she got fired. It seemed sketchy and pandemic related, but there weren’t many options to fight it. I was over the moon about it, because finally she had an opportunity to find a better fit for her, or just chill out for a while.   The first couple weeks after her being fired were the most happy I’d seen her in years. We had a lot of laughs, a lot of sweet moments, a lot of sex we hadn’t been having in months.   That abruptly stopped when the reality of the pandemic started to set in. And understandably so. She’s immunocompromised and has chronic bronchitis, so the threat of COVID was really scary, and still is. At that point, she did not want to work outside in the world anymore, and I agreed that I would absolutely not coerce her into doing so, even if it was hard for me to pay for everything on my own. I have an office job and we got shifted into remote working, so I was able to stay safe at home.   Being with each other 24/7 really has started to highlight a lot of things, and more than anything, is all the things relating to her ADHD. It’s been really hard for me, maddening at times, and I’m not sure what to do.   First of all, her sleep schedule is entirely backwards. She’s very unhappy with it, but doesn’t know how to fix it. She goes to bed at 6am-10am and wakes up at 5pm-8pm. I wake up at 9am, and I try not to stay up past 1am because I have to work. Sometimes I stay up too late just to hang out with her, but I need to not do that because it’s bad for my health and sleep debt is a huge issue for me with my own mental and physical illnesses.   Before the pandemic started, my partner told me that if she was out of work at any point and if I was paying for everything that she would do all of the cleaning. I do all of the cooking and don’t want to change that because I’m picky and also love cooking. But I hate cleaning, I have OCPD and it gives me a ton of anxiety every single time no matter what, so I was super excited to hear this. However, this hasn’t happened at all. In fact, it’s been a struggle to get my partner to chip in even say, 30-40% of the share of cleaning, let alone half, let alone more than that.   She also has a lot of emotional outbursts. She’ll wake up at 5pm, and immediately is stomping around the house like an angry child, slamming the refrigerator door, loudly sighing and groaning, and then when she’s done she just grumpily sits and plays video games until 6am.   These outbursts are super hard for me to deal with, because they trigger my anxiety in HUGE ways. I also had a shitty mother who was extremely passive aggressive, and would loudly sigh until you asked her what was wrong so she could yell at you. So this really hits some sore points for me. Often I try to ask “what’s wrong?” or “can I help you with something?” “Can I make your coffee?” Sort of thing. 99.9% of the time she says nothing is wrong. Sometimes I’ll say nothing in the moment and hours later be like “hey, was something bothering you earlier? You were seeming frustrated” and again, most of the time she says nothing was wrong. Half the time she isn’t even aware she was emoting so noticeably.   She also is super sensitive about any perceived conflict, whether or not there actually is a notable conflict. Simple disagreements turn into her getting very defensive and rude. Sometimes we’ll disagree over something as trivial as a video game and she will be visibly upset with me for hours after. She doesn’t do anything super shitty - she doesn’t yell at me, say anything degrading or insulting, or cross any major boundaries. She just gets very very defensive and upset and it catches me off guard and then I get upset.   Our sex life is pretty dead, we have sex probably once every two months if I’m lucky.   She’s also not very physically affectionate anymore, and that’s been hard.   She is generally withdrawn and grumpy, and has very little patience for anything other than what she wants to be doing (video games or scrolling Facebook). Sometimes it’s really frustrating to try and have a casual conversation because I want to connect, and her attention span is just next to nil and all she wants to do is get back on her phone or play games.  I am a very proactive thinker and someone who sees problems and tries immediately to fix them. I don’t say this to sound better or brag about myself. This is actively a problem for me as I frequently overwork myself and take on things I don’t need to, and contributes to my anxiety. Because of this, this creates two issues. 1. It is super hard for me to empathize with how her brain doesn’t have her realizing and analyzing everything all the time to look for solutions and 2. I try to help her with things and then they still don’t get done, because I put in my part to help and she entirely drops the ball on her part. Like for example, when she first lost her job I told her i’d send her links of jobs I think she’d like. She asked me for help with this and I was happy to do it. Did she apply to all the jobs I sent? No. I think I had sent her some 50 jobs over the course of a couple weeks and she ended up applying for one after I asked how the applications were going.   I don’t know what to do. My therapist says that my experience with her is extremely common for couples where both people have depression and anxiety and one has ADHD and one doesn’t. She says my partners behaviors make perfect sense in context, and that she likely needs to be in DBT therapy as well as medicated. She gave me a referral to an ADHD therapist, and I talked to my partner about it and she wanted to pursue it. But then that practice stopped taking new patients due to COVID.  I work full time, my job is very stressful. I am also a mentally ill person, and my anxiety runs me ragged a lot despite being in therapy and medicated and doing my best to cope. The pressure of keeping our lives afloat during this tumultuous time, and not being able to leave the house to not risk getting sick has been really hard on me.  I feel like I live with a grumpy teenager sometimes, and that’s amplified by my being responsible for most of the cooking, cleaning, and all of the bills. I also struggle with feeling like my partner actually wants to be with me, due to lack of overall affection, having weird varied sleep/wake schedules, and her being visibly grumpy 80% of the time.   I guess I am looking for a few things from this post:  Hearing from people with ADHD and depression/anxiety who recognize these behaviors as something they do and patterns they fall into helps me a lot. I adore my partner and I want to spend the rest of my life with her. All the things that I don’t like about her or struggle with are all clear signs to me of struggling with ADHD and depression and anxiety, but of course even though I can understand this, it is hard to feel like this will be our forever and won’t ever get better. Our relationship used to be filled with dates and fun and sex and romance and better balance of responsibilities but life has gotten more and more stressful. I’d say our first year was the above, then her job got worse and then COVID so it’s been getting worse for 2 years now. So I know things CAN be better, but that almost makes it worse because I mourn what I miss. But also it’s super understandable that she would struggle, like I’m struggling, in these very hard times. But ultimately hearing people say “I’m like this” “ i do this” “I struggle with this” makes me feel better because so much of how ADHD works is so antithetical to how my brain works I don’t get it, and hearing it confirm it just somehow helps a lot.   Also looking for advice on how to cope and how to help if possible. Now is a terrible time to find new therapists, especially as my partner is unemployed and we are not married so I can’t put her on my insurance, nor would I be able to afford to even if that was an option. I don’t know how she’s going to be able to get the professional help she needs in this time she needs it more than ever. I don’t know how to cope or help with that, it just fucking sucks. So I guess any tips or advice is appreciated.   I think the hardest part of this is that my partner is always showing so much emotion to indicate she’s having a hard time, but can’t seem to open up about it and seems to have very little self awareness. Every day is a new attempt at me finding ways to ask how she’s doing, offer her space to vent, ask if she wants some affection or something to make her day easier or more fun. Every response is “I don’t know” “nothing” “just a little anxious”.   We have had many check ins about our relationship in that despite issues with affection and mood that she does actively want to be with me, and loves me, and she is able to articulate that she feels too overwhelmed all the time to enjoy life and that affects our relationship but she wants to be with me. And I absolutely want to be with her even when it’s hard. I think the only thing that makes it difficult is that sometimes these actions make her seem SO SELFISH that I end up feeling like there’s no way she can love me if she acts like this. But then I sit, I take a breath, I google whatever behavior is bothering me and “+ADHD” and find a million articles about how this is typical behavior and I feel sad, but better. And another thing I have seen is that she absolutely will not do shit she doesn’t want to do. So I trust that when she IS affectionate, when she tells me she loves me, when she takes initiative to clean, that she is doing itbecause she does want things to be better and she does care, but doesnt always have the clarity.   It’s hard to sit here and remind myself all these things on the days my therapist isn’t helping. I don’t want to vent all of these details to my friends, I know my partner would be so worried they wouldn’t like her and I don’t want to breach her trust even if she doesn’t know. So venting here and asking for solidarity helps me a lot, especially since things are so isolating with the pandemic.  Thank you so much for listening and reading.
44032c391c6c2a32a75c8fa496638a1a68706d066ee44d343d0f6a50ec2f8253;;;Distracted from sex - can someone please explain????;;;(29f) My DX’d unmedicated (29f) girlfriend gets distracted in the process of initiating sex and it makes me feel so confused and frustrated. She also has depression (medicated) and her interest in sex has been pretty low for years. I’m lucky if we have sex every 3 months. I have a very high sex drive. My girlfriend has indicated that while I am not disallowed to initiate sex, she’d generally prefer to becthe one to initiate since she has to be in the mood and I’m generally speaking always in the mood. Sex feels so high stakes because I want it all the time and rarely get it. A lot of the time we’ll come close to sex, she’ll start touching me or kissing me or getting really close to me, and then suddenly she gets distracted. Earlier she started touching me while watching a show and within 30 seconds of her starting to touch me the show ended and she immediately started playing video games and it was like nothing happened. I want to fucking cry. I’m trying not to take it personally but it’s so frustrating to feel like intimacy is so insignificant she can just get so randomly distracted. She’ll often touch me a lot and get me real riled up and get riled up herself and then suddenly just start doing something else. I end up feeling sad, and then frustrated, and then as a result of being left horny get angry. I don’t show my emotions when this happens so it’s not like I guilt her or anything. I’ve tried to bring up her doing this but she always says things like “I wasn’t planning on having sex “ or “I didn’t think about it”. I hate the feeling of gettin excited for her attention and then ending up feeling insignificant and rejected. I just want to hear if this is normal. My therapist says it is for people with ADHD and says she’s seen a lot of marriages and couples break up because of it but it’s not on purpose. I just want to hear it from someone with ADHD. I’ll be less frustrated if I can just understand itcbetter to try to not take it personally.
