447217d2eaa7933fd978c9f5aaf4ebed1aa6da89e88e34fd3af5b8b0bcdec691;;;Having a rough day / night;;;Adhd partner was derisive, short-tempered because I want him to fix a plumbing issue we're having, but by investigating and understanding whatever we can first rather than asking a friend to come help (the friend is not particularly a plumbing-knowledgeable person, and has said so, but is also willing to help because my partner had helped him with something that said partner IS knowledgeable about). I just don't think it's appropriate to treat him as a reference for this after he's said what he did.  Regardlesss, I then lost it after two more rounds of insolence in response to my repeated explanations of what I mean, certainly up for discussion, and trying to slow it down and askING him to really listen to what I'm saying rather than roll his eyes and act offended. he translated my implied "criticism" in his insult machine as that I just don't want him to fix the problem and I'm getting in his way. As I said I absolutely lost it, stomped and shouted. Thesummary was ridiculously reductive and ignored absolutely what i was saying. HIS temper, then his dismissal and angry defensive woundedness often leaves me struggling alone in misery while I manage my own sense of wounded injustice, uch. But since I lost it at him instead, he's now been "sleeping" for 12+ hours. Hasn't come down for food all day. There will be no resolution until I go to him and comfort him and I just can't fucking do it. I'm so sick of it, even for peace I just can't fucking do it today. He'll get up in the morning and either say something referencing an unfortunate situation, but that isn't really apologetic, or he'll wait till after work, or he'll just simply ignore me until I say something to him. Days like these, and they're pretty often, make any goals or happiness I hope for feel so far away, if not impossible. So I'll be sleepless on the couch tonight watching crappy Netflix shows until I exhaust myself by 4am and fall asleep here. I want to make things right because I just want some human comfort, but I don't at all want to offer an olive branch. I feel i should apologize for my furious response to his initial shittiness to feel like a good person, but I just feel so cheated and prideful i guess, and bitter and depressed, I feel right now that i just can't be the one who resolves everything. I feelexhausted from trying to be perfectly behaved in response to his irrationality and irritability, which, truthfully i often tremendously fail at. So I'm just crying about it and feeling hopeless.
447217d2eaa7933fd978c9f5aaf4ebed1aa6da89e88e34fd3af5b8b0bcdec691;;;Codependency in partners of ADHDers;;;There's a lot of info on the connection between alcoholics and codependency in partners and family of alcoholics. Just curious if anyone sees that link in their attraction to or pattern with their ADHD partner, too. Something that came up in another reply I made had me thinking about this: something in the territory of feeling it's a familiar good duty to perform or that we feel gratified subconsciously for being useful and able, responsible, capable, etc, for someone (though at the same time clearly hugely resentful) when we are taking care of our partners in a way that can be disproprotionately parent-child rather than peer-to-peer (which, btw, can be death to your sex-life obv). Any children of alcoholics and/or narcissists in here? Anyone who has already put some thought into codependency? Didn't initially  think I was a codependent, I feel very independent in my self-image, but now think differently once exploring what it is all about. I guess just looking for community within community! Cheers all!
