45b7e96947f98913c480bc0968e68228bb13302e31fc5c8b06758379a64cab2b;;;Help! How do I navigate prescription abuse?;;;This is my first post on this thread, so please bear with me as I hope it makes sense. I guess I just need to vent.   My partner is diagnosed with ADHD and prescribed Adderall that he is supposed to be taking 2x per day. 60 tablets per bottle meaning it should last him a month before needing a refill. In the past, I've known that he wasn't taking it as prescribed because I'd watch him take it in the morning. but he never would take it in the evening.  I tried to reason with him without coming off as nagging. Earlier in the year he would have moments once a month where he wasn't acting like himself. He'd become very withdrawn, want to be left alone, rather rude, and not showing any affection. These moments happened about once a month. He'd also "magically" run short on his medicine before the month was up.  Then, this past summer, I learned that he was selling his half Adderall to someone at his work. He doesn't need the money as he does pretty well for himself, so I was confused as to why he as doing it. I tried to reason with him and he promised that he'd stop selling, and start taking it as prescribed. A couple months later, same thing again. This time I got very upset and pleaded with him to stop and to take it as prescribed. When he's not taking his medicine, he's just not a fun person to be around. He again promised he'd stop. Fast forward to this weekend. He asked me to bring him his medicine and I noticed that the bottle as nearly empty with only about 4 or 5 pills left in it. This made no sense because the prescription was written at the beginning of the month. I again got upset, not only for the fact that he wasn't taking the medicine, but because he'd gone back on his promise and lied about it. He says that he wasn't selling it,  but instead gave it to his friend because "that's what bros do". His friend also has ADHD and has a past history of abusing his medication. His friends wife locks up his medicine and gives it to him daily. I don't want to do this because I want to treat my partner as a partner and not as a child. What do I do? I'm tempted to tell his friends wife about it, but I don't want to because I know my partner would be hurt, and his friend would be hurt as well.   What do I do with this whole situation? I guess I'm just venting because I'm really struggling going through these 1 week periods each month where he acts like this.
