468e0c36662250be59ce0a644104ec779e040187a74ac4873b8a8b76c1b8790a;;;My (27F) NT partner struggles to understand my ADHD.;;;My partner and I have been together \~6 yrs and, on the whole, have a great relationship. He encouraged me to get into therapy (I have an emotionally abusive parent) 5 yrs ago and is generally very supportive.     I’m supportive of him, too (I hope I am anyway) but even before my DX, there was a definite imbalance in who needed more support &amp; understanding. He is a shockingly stable (NT, we assume) guy. He has his off days and struggles somewhat with talking abt his emotions, but in addition to being unusually diligent and organized, he’s also maybe the least insecure person I’ve ever met.     Which may be part of the issue. He assumes everyone else is as secure &amp; NT as he is. Because of that, he has a hard time understanding when others struggle with insecurity, mood disregulation, or time blindness, or disorganization. B/c of this, he often winds up hurting my feelings — even when he’s trying to do the opposite.     This isn’t helped by the fact that I can really blow up during our fights (yelling &amp; throwing things — my phone mostly — but never physical, no one lays hands). If he even senses this is about to happen, he almost immediately stonewalls with silence and one-word responses (which pretty much guarantees an angry reaction from me).     And though, we circle back after things calm down and I think I’ve done okay in communicating what might help me navigate my ADHD and mitigate these big emotional storms (also doing my own solo work in therapy fwiw)... he doesn’t quite get it.     A couple examples:     \+I’ve asked him to stop correcting me on semantics or generalizations if he understands what I mean. If I say, “There’s never anything good on Netflix,” he’ll come back with “Not never,” and then three examples of why I’m wrong.     \+I’ve asked him to stop refuting me outright when I get into a self-loathing spiral. Idk why but it really bothers me when I say “I’m such an idiot,” and he responds “No, you’re not.” I’ve given him some other responses, like saying “I don’t think you’re an idiot for XYZ,” or “It’s okay that you did X. We could fix it by doing Y or we can just leave it to take care of tomorrow,” or “I don’t think doing X makes anyone an idiot, it makes sense that Y” or “I don’t think of you that way, but I understand you’re feeling low. Do you want space or solutions?”     \+Dishes in the sink and dish Tetris. This one is daily. More than like one or two dishes in the sink throws me off big-time and I’ve asked him to just put \*a couple\* more of his dishes into the washer right away...just to get the sheer number I feel like I have to do before I can cook or make coffee. Same thing with the dishwasher. I have a specific way of putting things in so they all fit that he thinks is ridiculous. Which fine, it is — but he throws the dishes in all willy-nilly and makes it really really hard to unload. I usually wind up taking everything out and reloading all over which adds more time before I can do the task I’m in the damn kitchen for (like heating up leftovers for lunch).     \+Organizing. We’ve got a lot of stuff and not very much space and ofc, every other month I get frustrated b/c I can’t find the bandaids so I take everything out from under the bed or the bathroom sink or the closet and reorganize (I try to limit it to one at a time, but y’know... it’s often a disaster zone). He hates that so I’ve put it to him that then he needs to come up with a better system that we can stick to... but he’s not interested in doing that either.     \+When I first got DX’d, I told him about what I was learning about myself and the different ways I was trying to approach things... he listened and made the right noises of support, but eventually admitted he didn’t really get it. Since then, I’ve asked him to look for resources and support for better understanding ADHD on his own — often we just need to hear things from an outsider’s perspective for them to sink in — but he hasn’t. He says he will, but...     He’s just really slow to change. He says he wants to help, he understands what he needs to do, he just needs time. But... it’s been two years since my DX and... I don’t expect him to be perfect immediately (or ever). It makes me sad that he doesn’t really seem to do much beyond nodding his head when I explain that XYZ would help me b/c this is how my brain works.     Maybe I’m being unreasonable, but I don’t think I am... I’m not asking him to do all the cooking and cleaning or schedule appts and remember things for me. I just want to feel like I don’t have to handle this aspect\*\* of myself all on my own.     Anyway, I’d love to hear abt your experiences with this — how long it took to figure out your role with your partner’s ADHD, helpful boundaries, other ways to approach explaining ADHD to an NT partner.     Also, any resources I could share with him would be much appreciated.     TL;DR: my NT partner — tho generally supportive — struggles to understand &amp; respond to my ADHD, even when I try to communicate with him. It causes arguments where sometimes I yell &amp; throw my phone (not at him). Tips, shared experiences, resources would be appreciated.     (\*\*Obviously also I feel very guilty for being this way in the first place, which really does not help with the emotional disregulation. I’m working on it a lot in therapy.)
