4773e3d5162ee39ccd933719ee33f30428aaded34087a146686415360f61ac20;;;DAE ADHD partner rather insistent about things of their interest being your interest?;;;This drives me bananas.   My SO will be doing something or have an idea and then he will carry through with whatever it is (sometimes). He will then insist on a rather compulsive basis that I also be involved in whatever is he is doing/wants to do etc. Whether it is a business idea or fitness or project or trip idea or restaurant he saw driving down the road - he seems like he has an internal motor that drives him and straight at me.   I had been working all day and have a chronic health issue that is flaring up. I was also doing holiday preparation while working and mitigating my last minute to do list when I noticed I just felt icky and was swelling. I asked my partner to come check me out quick (he is a PA) and his response after glancing at me? Go for a walk. Go use the treadmill.  (Yes, I'm aware from a medical standpoint I should be exercising but Jesus Christ I could say we are out of milk and he would bring up something about the treadmill)    He has been on this kick for a few weeks now. No matter what I communicate about stress or my health or even if it is just as simple as "I have a lot to do but better go shower first", SO will bring up *something* about the treadmill or how I should work out because that's what he is currently focused on. A few weeks ago it was Minecraft. Weeks before that it was starting a business for UV light sanitation. I could keep going but he gets literally obsessed and makes sure he brings it up in almost every conversation.   God forbid I get enough after the compulsive bringing up his idea for the moment and say "No that's not happening/not doable/etc" because he immediately retreats and becomes sullen and pops off with "I'll never mention it again" and it is just so over the top dramatic. I'm not rejecting him. I'm telling him that whatever he is obsessed with at the moment isn't the answer to all of my problems.   The working out one is particularly embarrassing for me as I'm aware I've gained weight and I am rightfully sensitive about it. He is aware of this fact. It doesn't seem to deter him from making sure he mentions how I need to workout. It is just not ok. I wouldn't do that to someone. I'm wondering if he doesn't see his own behavior or thinks he is helpful or doesn't understand that while I appreciate his sharing, he gets down right obsessed with making sure whatever he is doing or wants to do, then that's what I should do too.
4773e3d5162ee39ccd933719ee33f30428aaded34087a146686415360f61ac20;;;TW: Suicidal Ideation and Severe Mood Swings - What do I do?;;;My DX'd, 40's, beginner medicated (see post history) spouse is having suicidal ideation and severe mood swings. I don't know what to do or how to handle it other than what I'm already doing.   SO says he has been "this way" his entire life but would never actually do it. He told me this as he was observing exposed rafters in the garage and it really freaked me out. As someone who has depression and anxiety, I have also struggled in times of great depression. But I also see my doctor regularly, have upped my doses of medications, do therapy, work on myself, etc. I'm in charge of my mental health and it's my job to say "this isn't working" and to reach out to my doctor and therapists and look at my sleep, diet, etc. and make changes.   I'm already overwhelmed with what feels like a lifetime of ADHD behaviors with SO. I'm overwhelmed with the marriage as it is. I do not enable his thoughts but I do suggest he talk to his therapist or his doctor, offer information about comorbid conditions or maybe a different medication or going beyond his starter dose of meds now but I tell him he is in charge of making the life he wants and that starts with asking for help, being self-aware, and changes.   The thing is: SO is so incredibly up and down recently.  Thinking back, he has always been very swingy with his moods. He tries very hard to just be the good, friendly guy that everyone likes. But he is aggressive and controlling, especially in situations where he perceives he has no control. He has been quicker lately to snap at me or if one of our pets does something he doesn't like (cats putting claws into him while cuddling/making biscuits, our spoiled cat head butting him for loves, dog licks him, etc) he will literally push the animal and the look on his face changes and it is scary. I won't minimize it - he looks like a different person. I called him out on the behavior because fuck you if you do shit like this, and he defended the behavior.   SO does not like our daughter's boyfriend simply for the fact that he is our daughter's boyfriend. Good kid. 17. About what you'd expect for a 17 yo boy so I'm unbothered. He spends a lot of time at our home and he is very good to our daughter and they are friends and have a lot of respect for one another, which to me is great! But my SO FREAKS out when the boyfriend is here. Doesn't want him around. Doesn't like him. And says he can't control the situation so "whatever". I mean - the kids play computer games and video games and go to eat and watch movies. They aren't drinking, doing drugs, etc. But nope - SO cannot control the situation so he gets unreasonably angry when the kid is around and compartmentalizes mostly.   With all of this, what I find most interesting, is that when we were in marriage counseling several months ago, SO told the therapists about my past suicidal ideation and the one time I tripped over the dog and yelled at the dog on a particularly bad day - but embellished it. Like he couldn't find anything to say about me negatively within the past several months since he had been cheating, so he took past events and made them relevant to the current issues and how he was so concerned. I admitted to my issues straight away and addressed them then and there but made his embellishments known and took my issues back to individual therapy to talk about. It's like he weaponized my mental health when he felt defenseless in a situation he caused and when he couldn't control the facts, he needed to weaponize something against me.   Now...here we are. It's been 48 hrs since he expressed his depression and ideation. I don't know what to do to help. Do I call his therapist and tell him what SO is telling me? Do I contact his boss (particularly hard industry to be in now due to COVID - front line worker) and ask if he can help or if there's anything he can do? I feel like, as a spouse, I've said to him that he needs to take responsibility for his feelings and contact his prescribing physician and therapist but I know he will not do that. As I told him, these people aren't mind readers and unless you say "I NEED MORE/DIFFERENT HELP" and unless you're being honest in therapy then you'll keep getting what you've got.   SO says he doesn't deserve to feel better or be happy. I completely empathize with him, but at the same time he has to take steps himself. My empathy tank with ADHD is just bone dry...but his behaviors and ideation are definitely concerning to me. Like he needs to not be working the job he works with his current mindset.   What happens when he can't control the aggression or ideation any longer? I don't know what to do.
