484cf1a47efedc44da7c102ff09d445032eaaf0668cd5f84602271133ae1cade;;;Wife 33dx and medicated persists in snapping and ignoring me;;;Hello all!   My wife and I just had a fight, again, about the same thing, so I'm reaching out here for advice.   I know she loves me. I know. I'm becoming disabled and we're planning on moving to a cheaper part of the country this summer even though she's lived here her whole life, because she loves me and doesn't want me to have to work full time while my immune system eats my joints.   But she just...hyperfocuses on everything BUT me. And when I try to get her attention she snaps at me. We fought about that for YEARS because it hurts my feelings that she's mean when I just want to spend time with her, and finally I gave up and accepted the idea it's because I'm distracting her from whatever her brain is engaged in.   Now she has that automatic snap when I distract her, AND she keeps being mean about it for a minute or two. I feel like I let her snap at me and now she's taking it further and I keep telling her it hurts me when she talks to me like I'm a bother, and she keeps saying she's sorry and she'll try and then nothing changes.   Additionally it is impossible to get her to actually pay attention to me at all. We have specific nights we're supposed to hang out, but if I give an inch on letting her have more time, suddenly we don't hang out at all. (For example, last week she got a new video game and she was really excited about it, so I cancelled hanging out the two weeknights we're supposed to so she can play it, and then we didn't interact like at all last weekend or this entire week. I tried to force the issue Wednesday and watch a movie with her, but she was "tired" and went to bed instead).   We've been together for 7 years and I feel like she's just bored with me. She says she isn't, but when I try to talk to her she stares at her phone, when we watch TV together she stares at her phone, and when I insist on a phone free night she goes to bed 3 hours earlier than normal. I bring it up and she says that she sees how it's hurtful and she'll try to do better, but she doesn't change anything. I send her research and buy her ADHD books, and she doesn't look at them. I try to get her to play games with me because she loves board games but she doesn't like to play games with only two people apparently. Puzzles are "boring". She hates going for drives. I ask what she wants to do and she's like "oh I dunno" and then stares at Twitter.   I feel like a burden on her because of my autoimmune diagnosis, and I feel like she's bored with me and just wants to do her own thing but I'm lonely and I miss my wife and I don't know how to fix this. We're saving right now for the move, but she agreed to look into therapy after the move, but that's still 6 months from now. This has been going on for years but it's gotten worse since my illness was diagnosed in September, and I feel rejected and she denies it, but keeps doing the same things that seem like she's rejecting me. I don't know if I need an additude adjustment or if she needs a swift kick in the pants here.
