48aa89cb77a0b3a5021957313971fd8acda177fb0c99416ea29748f2868f7230;;;My ADHD husband made a huge mistake that I have to pay for...;;;I just found this sub and am on mobile. Sorry for any formatting issues. TL:DR at the end.  My husband (M27) was diagnosed with HDHD several years before I (F25) met him and is on meds. We have been together for two years and we've been married 8 months today)  It has always been difficult to get him to remember to do things, but the issue has only gotten more exaggerated over time. It has gone from minor issues like letting dishes pile up for so long that the sink smells and flies enter our home to larger problems like constantly losing items like keys and wallets (fyi do all of yourselves a favor and buy a set of Tiles. You'll thank me later). There have always been consequences to these moments. They've been frustrating but never too bad.  But today my husband made a mistake that really puts me in a bad position. He called me to tell me and apologize but it shouldn't have come to this.  We just moved into the basement apartment of one of my husband'd former college professors. My husband's sister and her family had been living there before. I don't have contact information for our new landlords so it has been my husband's job to communicate with them.  We moved in on Monday and things seemed to be going well until I brought our pet bird over... Now my husband was supposed to be the one to ask about the bird. He said he asked about the bird and it was ok. I asked repeatedly if he had made sure it was ok. He assured me he had.  He didn't.  Our landlord's wife told me yesterday that she hadn't been aware we had a pet bird. This evening her husband contacted my husband by text.  My husband is at work. He apologized over text and told our landlord to call him when he's able   I am so sick to my stomach and embarrassed! I don't know what we're going to do if we can't keep my bird. I spent a good 15 minutes crying and I just don't know what to do.  I just needed to tell someone. I don't want to embarrass him by telling my family or any of our mutual friends, but I'm at a breaking point. I don't know what to do and I'm tired of bailing him out/paying for his mistakes all the time.  TL:DR: Husband and I moved into apartment owned by his old college prof. I didn't have landlord's contact info, so husband was responsible for making sure it was ok to bring our pet bird. Husband did not make sure it was ok to bring pet bird.
