49810b9d918625cdcbdf91f5b030ede3ff95f52f3a6882a47f7deae3ff8f368a;;;Realizing that my marriage could be over with adhd husband;;;Don't know who to talk to or what to do anymore.   I met my husband 7 years ago while he was enlisted in the military, he was so bright, intelligent, thoughtful  etc, everything seemed so normal.   Fast track to now, we have a beautiful 8 month old boy, but our marriage is on the brink of divorce because I just can't take it anymore.   For years we've argued about the same things and since we've become parents it's becoming increasingly worse. I don't want our boy to grow up in a hostile environment and I feel like the only way to do that is to leave.   My husband was diagnosed with adhd as a child, and I have always had my suspicion that it has carried on through to his adult life.  We are arguing almost on a daily basis now because we just can't communicate and its at the point where I just can't handle being around him at all.   I'm so tired of the poor listening, forgetfulness, twisting of anything I say, short temper, inconsistency and not being able to rely on him.   It's the same cycle every time. We have a huge argument, he realises what he's done, he tries hard for a few days, then a week later if things are semi okay with us he's back to not trying again, like he thinks everything is okay so he doesn't need to make an effort anymore.   Every time we try and talk things through he has these moments of clarity and makes me think he does understand and that things are finally going to change and get better, then he goes back into this fog. Forgetting our discussions, saying I said things that I didn't. Making empty promises.   I'm exhausted and I miss the man I married.   When I met him, being in the military he had to exercise all the time. I've tried explaining to him several times that I have noticed he is far more clear headed and onto it when he exercises. And I also notice the drop when he doesn't. But he just keeps making excuses. He says hes going to work out and he wants to, but then when it comes down to it he makes any excuse he can.   I've spent countless hours researching techniques and strategies to try help our marriage but nothing works.   I'm tired of hearing "I should have" "I'm going to" "I want to" all to be disappointed and let down all over again.   He relies on me to give him the answers for everything. He won't be proactive and help himself. He says he's knows hes hurting me and he doesn't want to do that. And he tells me he knows what he needs to do but then he just doesn't do it.   Is there anyone going through a similar situation? I feel so alone.
49810b9d918625cdcbdf91f5b030ede3ff95f52f3a6882a47f7deae3ff8f368a;;;Am I being unreasonable?;;;I feel ungrateful but I feel like my frustration is justified.  Taking care of our credit card payments this morning, I saw my husband (adhd) had made a purchase at a local store which is known for knick knacks. When I asked what the purchase was he said it was a gift for me.  Instantly I got mad.  5 months ago we (I) did a massive clean out of the whole house, got rid of all knick knacks, dust collectors, junk that we never used etc and we started to adapt a minimalist lifestyle to help ease the stress of being new parents. It has been amazing and helped us both immensely.   We also have an agreement that we won't buy any gifts for each other unless we know exactly what the other wants. Mainly because we can't afford to go throwing money away on something we won't use or can't return.  We have both already bought each other one small gift for Christmas each and had agreed that was it.   He's always so impulsive and doesn't think before he acts. I mentioned the money and the fact we had gotten rid of all knick knacks and he agreed with everything I said and said I made a good point and he'll return it (he can't get a refund so we're out either way)   Part of me feels like I should just let it go. Its Christmas and he's trying to do something nice. But the other part of me just can't let it go. That money could have gone towards groceries, or clothes for our son.   Thoughts?
