49ba9956eac95444639dc8000d3f63a65bab70e83dbafc78e81c6244882eae68;;;Hope in a perpetual rough spot?;;;&amp;#x200B;  Please don't share my story on other online platforms.  I (F26, non-ADHD) have been in a relationship with my partner (F25, unconfirmed ADHD/NDX) for the past 5 years. We met during my year abroad, and I quickly arranged to move to her country permanently a year later. An unfortunate consequence of this is having a lack of nearby support, aside from my in-laws (with whom I get along fabulously).   About 2 years ago, I began my own therapy, because I realized I was unconsciously bringing a lot of past hurt and baggage into our relationship, and while my therapy is not finished, I feel like I am in a whole new place, and have a much clearer view and better control about myself and what I want for myself.   The last 3 years of our relationship feel like it’s been nothing but conflict. The “better” I get, the worse our conflicts become. My partner is finally in therapy and beginning to address her problems, and her therapist believes she has ADHD, and has suggested getting tested (no date in view, due to the current global situation).   I know that therapy takes time, but the past few years of encouraging and waiting for my partner to get to this point has taken all my patience. At this point, I recognize that I am hurting too much, and for my own mental health and wellbeing, I can’t keep going in this relationship as it is.  I feel like a parent, all the time. I have to be the responsible one, otherwise something will inevitably be forgotten or neglected. I’ve tried leaving things alone so that my partner can get to it, but it’s impossible when the consequences hurt us both (bills, taking care of the dog, etc). My boundaries and personal limits are constantly disrespected, I am belittled, mocked, and told every which way how I’m the bad guy, how it’s my fault, etc. I cry almost every day. I try so hard every day, and I just don’t feel it in return. Slowly, she’s been able to be calmer during arguments and discussions, but it remains unpredictable how she’ll react. For example, if I’m cooking for the both of us, a reasonable expectation would be to be able ask her to set the table without any fuss. If I ask, I risk: getting insulted, negative reactions (exaggerated sighing, making passive aggressive comments) and dragging her feet. In scarier scenarios, if I show negative emotions or say something she doesn't like, there have been a handful of instances where she has brake-checked while driving in order to passive aggressively convey her feelings, and refuses to pull over when I ask her to (FYI, this is an example from almost a year ago, I do not feel that I am in danger). If I talk to her about it after the fact, she acknowledges that what she did was completely inappropriate and wrong, but this never proves to be enough to prevent it from reoccurring. If she gets overly upset in an argument, she goes too far and will say the most deeply cutting things to me. In discussion, she says she loses control of herself and says things that she knows go too far, or even things that are untrue or unfounded, but ultimately can't help it. If I try to address the serious issues in our relationship, even emphasizing that there's no blame or finger pointing, often her immediate response to the stress and upset is "just leave"/"just break up with me." If she says something insulting and I'm--shocker--insulted, she backpedals by insisting "it's just a joke" "don't you know what a joke is" "can't you take a joke?" She also can't resist not having the last word, and will say whatever she can to achieve it.  For what it's worth, my partner accepts that she in all likelihood has ADHD, is committed to therapy, but hesitant about medication. For the time being, we’ve been reading 30min a night “The Couple’s Guide to Thriving with ADHD” but it can be slow going and even frustrating because it’s not in her native language, which I understand completely. We also have "Driven to Distraction" (recommended by my therapist), but she hasn't read it yet (not a big reader, unfortunately). One of the truly worst things is how behind our country is in ADHD information and resources. **If anyone knows of any solid ADHD books in French, or audiobooks/podcasts, ANYTHING, I would be forever grateful.**   I don't believe that I'm a perfect partner, and I certainly have my own faults. I know that my temper is short with her, because I feel like I'm starting to lose my sanity in this relationship. But I don't feel like I should have to watch every word that comes out of my mouth or bury my negative emotions in fear of what her reaction will be. It breaks my heart to be questioning our relationship, because we do have good moments...just not enough. We're building a life together, we have the same goals and values, but we have a "big problem with communication," as our therapist says. It's also scary, because in a "worst case scenario" situation, I'd be unable to remain in this country, and would have to return to my home country, which is not my preference.  If anyone has been where I am, I would be relieved to know that I’m not alone, and that we can get through this If anyone has any criticisms or judgements, please refrain from sharing them.
