4a492b5f2aac4a7e268c8680d4d0d99f8587fd0da6d4e1a53a9f6258f81bf6c5;;;Breaking it off with a guy I’m starting to date;;;I’m (26f) friends with a guy (36m), DX and medicated (I think). I met him through a friendship group.   I’m NDX myself, although sometimes unsure, as I read the ADHD subreddit and this subreddit and feel like I have too much self awareness of my actions to be ADHD. I suffer from anxiety and occasionally depression.   He confessed his feelings for me. For a moment I felt the same, because it’s exciting and new, and it’s nice to feel wanted and desirable, he’s confident and loud and just the opposite of me. Afterwards we ended up just holding hands and nothing more.   But now I’ve started to think about how it’ll ruin our friendship, disrupt our friendship group when things inevitability go bad, that I’m probably just a hyper-fixation to start with anyway, and the lack of support and communication I’ll get, I feel like this isn’t good for somebody with my issues (please note, I’m not looking for somebody to take care of me, I’m just wanting somebody to be compatible with my needs).   I can’t across this subreddit and feel like what’s best for me isn’t somebody with ADHD, the days where I can hardly get out of bed and can’t bring myself to clean or cook, can’t really be compatible with somebody else who could be the same.   I feel like he only likes me because we’re incredibly similar in some ways (apart from the loudness). I have the same experiences he’s had growing up, and he hasn’t had that with somebody before now. I can see how the wires can get crossed, because it’s nice to be around somebody who gets you.   I want to let him down, but I want to be kind. I’m scared of him being angry of frustrated with me and lashing out. I guess I’m scared he’ll act this way because honestly I’ve been that person in the past, unable to take the rejection and become obsessive and confrontational.   TLDR; I need to let a guy down before it gets too far, I’m scared of his reaction. How should I approach this?
