4af73a2a4f1e116407cc2bb99fd546a5e7d6b535bd89339fc88f6d72ea1d51fd;;;Gaslighting;;;I'm struggling with this, y'all. For background -my s/o was diagnosed as a child and is untreated other than therapy. He often accuses me of saying or doing something I know I didn't and vice versa. Or says he didn't do something he did and vice versa.  I think this may be attributed to the disorder's effect on memory and quick-to-anger. I don't even think he knows that those are symptoms or that he is doing it. Regardless, it is unacceptable. Gaslighting is abuse. Although there may be a reason for it, it does not excuse it.  I've been in therapy for a year over these issues. He's untreated and I want to start that conversation, but I'm terrified.
4af73a2a4f1e116407cc2bb99fd546a5e7d6b535bd89339fc88f6d72ea1d51fd;;;AITA - I don't want to have my boyfriend's kids;;;My bf has ADD (DX). The risk of genetically passing it on to a child is about 30-50%, some sources even say higher.  I've dreamed of being a mom my whole life. I think that I'd be a good parent. I think that I could handle having an ADD partner and an ADD child - but just because I can handle something stressful doesn't mean I should or have or want to. And that even depends on if they're both receiving full treatment. Of course, there is no foolproof way to know that the child may still end up having a disorder that affects executive functioning or other heath concerns - but why make the risk higher? I didn't tell him any of this.  He wants to have at least one kid with his DNA. He blew off the conversation with "well, we have time." We both want to have kids in the next few years. It scares me to spend the next few years with both of us hoping the other will reconsider.    &amp;#x200B;  I'm also questioning how he'll be with children. I mean, he's great with nieces and nephews. But he forgets to feed our dog, says the dog is his when we disagree about training, and can be a little rough with her too. (She was just his before I entered the picture. idk it was an insensitive comment and seems almost like he doesn't want my parenting, just wants the symbolism of the dog having two parents).  He's even mentioned that if we were to get a divorce (we're not even engaged) after having kids, he'd give me full custody.   &amp;#x200B;  AITA for not wanting to have kids that are genetically his because of the risk of passing on the disorder? How do I let him know now about the risk and that's my reasoning?
4af73a2a4f1e116407cc2bb99fd546a5e7d6b535bd89339fc88f6d72ea1d51fd;;;Guilt;;;Background: my partner is diagnosed but not medically treated  &amp;#x200B;  Does anyone else feel guilt after you've lost your patience? Now that I'm learning all of the ins and outs of the disorder, everything is starting to make sense. I'd like to believe I'm a very patient person. It'll often take weeks, even months before something really really gets to me.  Or being snapped at several times within a few hours.     I lost my patience and broke down. I just kept thinking "why can't he be timely," "why can't he be more cautious," "why can't he \[insert non-ADHD behavior here\]" and then I became overwhelmed with guilt for even thinking that. (Shout out to PTSD from a past abusive situation for likely contributing towards that guilt). I know why he can't. I'm losing my patience - that's becoming the hardest part about this. I'm literally losing part of *myself* because of *his* untreated disorder.      I feel out of place asking him to be medicated as I'm not a health care provider. I really don't think I can handle much more of this relationship if he doesn't though. I'm losing patience and gaining resentment towards him, resentment towards myself, and guilt.
4af73a2a4f1e116407cc2bb99fd546a5e7d6b535bd89339fc88f6d72ea1d51fd;;;How did you talk to your ADHD partner about medication?;;;I love him dearly. Yet, there's this little thing getting in the way of, well, EVERYTHING, especially communication. He was diagnosed as a child and has never been medicated for it. He has mentioned it once or twice before.   Here is a bit of what I'm dealing with:  Me: *talks about an interest of mine* Him: silence  Me: *talks about a mutual interest or tries to make plans with him* Him: "oh, I thought you were just saying that in passing" or "can we talk about this later?" or "I don't want to do that (and offers no other suggestions)"  Me: *hey, I'm having an anxiety attack* Him: *goes into rage, blames me, and insults me*  I can't talk about anything. I'm having an anxiety attack right now because of it. I don't know if medication is the answer. I have more of an understanding of the reason why these conflicts may occur because of Dr. Barkley, but that doesn't stop my anxiety or give an excuse for him. How do I bring it up without him becoming quick to anger?   Frankly, I don't know how much more I can handle. This relationship doesn't seem to be going anywhere and I'm scared to communicate with my partner.   Tl;dr Boyfriend has fits of anger, won't plan things with me, and doesn't contribute to conversations with me. He's not medicated - how do I bring that up without the fit of anger?
