4b327c623380c992d524a728639db373dd90e55468449097bd4d429183b22193;;;Not sure if I belong here.;;;A few years ago, a therapist suggested my husband might have ADHD after me casually mentioning he had taken ritalin as a child. He is in his mid 40’s now, has no recollection of a diagnosis or discussion about this. At some point he came off the meds and when I met him he was (still is) a responsible, successful adult.  But...it hasn’t all been sunshine for us. His memory is terrible. (or is he gaslighting?). His short term attention span sucks to be honest and in this marriage I have never felt heard; or if he does listen it takes a great deal of preparation and ‘set up’ on my end so he knows what I’m about to say is important, otherwise I’m interrupted with stupid shit every 60 seconds. (did you flip the laundry/so-and-so called me today/I have to go to the library later) When I challenge his listening/attention, he can repeat VERBATIM what I have said but never paraphrases which makes me feel unheard, I know that sounds crazy when he is clearly listening.... but it’s like he’s watching a movie with audio in another language so he only gets the overview. I can see that analysis and focus takes concentration. Give him a task though, he’s off to the races! I won’t see him for 12 hours and he’ll have whatever done and done well!  Conversations involve me having to sit next to him, touch his hand, ask him to turn off the tv (pause isn’t enough to focus) and set the tone.   I suspect his dad was much like him, and his class clown attitude encouraged making him more physical and hyperactive. Most days I feel like I’m living in the movie dumb and dumber. The idiotic jokes. The constant childish and attention seeking behavior at home is exhausting and so offputting. He often can’t be serious unless I preface things by indicating something is important and maturity is required. I get no advice when I ask because I feel he cannot put himself in my shoes having a low ability to relate and empathize. He constantly has random dancing/singing episodes for attention and it’s not limited to home, either. He revels in making a public ass of himself too, I’m often embarrassed in stores and restaurants. The physicality for an adult male is astounding.  My marriage feels lonely. He’s a wonderful man but I couldn’t tell you I feel that I’ve been heard much over the last fifteen years. Someone said “talk to me” last week knowing I wasn’t my normal bubbly self and I almost cried with relief and joy that someone at work was sensitive enough my feelings enough to read my face and take it a step further by asking out of genuine concern!  Ironically; hubby is very needy with me when it comes to affection; also exhausting at times. As well a constant need of acknowledgement for tasks attempted or completed.   He seems have an emotional unawareness of others. He will take jokes too far with our kids, sometimes until they cry. He doesn’t see them escalating. He is often clueless about others emotions. I know it’s not on purpose, he’s not an asshole for the sake of acting like one, the remorse is real once I explain what happened and why; but I feel like I’m raising a third child. I’ll be totally frank - it’s not attractive and that’s a whole other issue. The impulsivity he exhibits is in his mind harmless enough...but the other day he pulled up beside me and blared the horn while I was driving, I almost hit the brakes in the middle of an intersection. He will turn on audio on his phone right next to me when I’m asleep in bed...again, no awareness of others. Once made obvious he feels badly and apologizes but the next week will genuinely forget we had the convo.  My biggest worry is my children are starting to mirror this behavior and I don’t want them thinking that being obnoxious is normal and okay; and I’m not seeing any organic behavioral issues in them so I’m pretty sure it’s just mirroring at this point for approval from dad; he encourages it just like he was encouraged I guess. Also doubting this is an ADHD trait but if anyone else experience this please let me know...sometimes he repeats short phrases or sounds several times until I redirect him. Earworms are a very real issue for him.   I feel like I need to say I love to laugh and not some cranky wet blanket. I’m naturally more serious than he is by my upbringing, but I am always laughing and joking with friends and colleagues when the jokes are on the same level. I have to be careful what I laugh at at home though, if I laugh at a movie for example, he’ll just recycle the same joke a million times not seeing I stopped laughing after the second or third time and that it ceases to be funny. I’m constantly trying to bring the tone of the household back to adulthood. Part of me wonders too if there is something asperger-y at play too, therapist surmises same.   So takeaway here is I see some things that look and sound a lot like ADHD; but minus the irresponsibility and big impulsive behaviors (spending/gambling) that are very common. I’m sure there are other behaviors I’m forgetting but just wondering if I’m barking up the ADHD tree when it’s a different issue. I probably sound  like a miserable human but honestly I am not; I’m just exhausted by the constant noise and jarring sounds, the frenetic energy in the house and the immaturity. I’m frustrated and sad, and looking to feel some validation. Maybe I’m the impatient, demanding asshole here? I have no idea what is reality anymore. So...do I belong here in this sub? Or is there more going on? Or am I way off the mark?
