4bcaacb58f961b548e12794dc4a09c3135fa3f3e76374350179c3f65b5a65c0e;;;Adhd partner refuses to engage.;;;Hi all, I posted asking for advice a few days ago, but it was more like a rant so I deleted it. So here is my question. Does anyone else's partner just refuse to engage? For example, I asked him to make himself a reminder for tomorrow to get a couple groceries for dinner because we are out and I have to work. He immediately got defensive and started arguing. I stopped the conversation because of it and asked him if he wanted to take a minute. He got more frustrated and started yelling at me about the list and the groceries and said some mean things.  So I walked away and did dishes. 10 minutes later he started talking to me like nothing happened. Making jokes about his coworkers and such. He does this all the time. Pretends nothing is wrong and he didn't just act like he did.  He also refuses to speak about issues I bring up. Things like "man I'm really stressed by work" end up with silence or a change of subject. Worse if I push it, looking for validation or support I get to hear why he has it worse. Or a guilt trip about why I shouldn't feel that way. The latter always culminates in setting off my ptsd and me shutting down.  Anyone else deal with this? I feel like I've tried a million different ways to explain how I feel, every trick that I've read about add, every marriage counseling guide I can get my hands on.  Everytime I get met with silence, or a joke.  Lately, I'm finding it hard to continue to be affectionate as I feel very much like I'm aline in this relationship, it's so hard to want to cuddle and have sex with my husband went I get no emotional support out of him. This is turn has set him off, and now every single time I try to point out where I'm at, I get told he'd be better if I would fuck him. End of conversation.  I'm at a loss over here. I don't want to lose my husband, but I can feel myself giving up. I don't know what to do. He has entertained the idea of therapy, but won't commit to it, like will not take the next steps.  My only silver lining is he got officially diagnosed a week ago abd the psychiatrist will help set up a treatment plan. I promised myself I would see this through with him, but I'm so afraid it won't change. I'd be happy to hear if anyone has dealt with this, or any ideas to get him to participate. I think I'd just be happy to know I'm not alone.   Sorry this turned into a novel. Thanks in advance.
4bcaacb58f961b548e12794dc4a09c3135fa3f3e76374350179c3f65b5a65c0e;;;Tips for talking to my diagnosed hubby about how I'm feeling.;;;My husband(38) was diagnosed young and then ignored it for the better part of 2 decades. His add recently came to the  fiery forefront after a death in the family, some abusive behavior, and the near destruction of our marriage.  The good news is, he sees the light and is getting help and trying his absolute best to do better. We've implemented some organizing skills, and he's really latched onto them. He's fighting really hard to communicate better, and be more aware of the effect of  his behavior.  This brings me to the problem. I have a really hard time articulating how his behavior made me feel in a way that's easily understandable for him. He genuinely doesn't understand how my feelings get from point a to b. Me trying to explain myself leaves him feeling bad a frustrated and me frustrated and hopeless. The thing is, the guy really wants to understand and I want to do better. Any good advice for communicating out there?  We already wait until we are both calm, and it's quiet to talk about it.  Tips, tricks, and reading materials are wholeheartedly welcome
