4d10ce817a2147c9f7e04294a5613b0f16668aa4c5a1d79764ca2c751fb09762;;;Feeling neglected by ADHD parnet LDR;;;So my partnert is not diagnosed yet as he wants to wait the 2 year long waiting list for the NHS. He's also in denial that he could have ADHD when it's obvious there's something not right about his behaviour. Even his parents pointed it out he could have it and I was the only one close to him honest enough to say he definitely had it (as I got close friends who do too). His prents have offered to treat him but he said "it's not affecting his life so why should he invest on it".   Anyways, we've been together for 8 month now. Like everyone here I felt the hyperfocused love at the beginning but when summer ended he stopped suddenly stopped. It was really hard to understand what was happening but then I started looking at reddit post saying that it was quite common to feel the adhd neglect from a partner and the "out of mind out of sight" played a big part on LDR. I started learning that a videogame will always be more important than me.   I told him several times that I was feeling neglected and he kept apologising but I honestly feel it's getting worse everyday it passes. I am starting to lose intrest and I find myself crying at times just by thinking about breaking up with him because I love him and I want the person I feel in love with back. But I am tired of not feeling like a priority anymore. In addition to this he doesn't want to start planning about closing the distance and when we talk about it he just says "we'll figure it out at some point".  But I'm starting to feel like that point will never come.  All of his girlfriends have broken up with him for the same reasons as they all felt unwanted.   I don't know what to do anymore. I feel like God is punishing me because I had a great boyfriend but I feel like he's slowly slipping away and there's nothing I can do. Mind you when we are together I don't feel neglected at all and he waits for me with a glass of chapain and dinner ready. But yeah we live 5 hours away from each other and we're in lockdown at the minute and it is really harming this relationship.  How can you I get him to focus on me again? Has anyone been through this? How did you make it work?
