4e4cb02a0db8a291a56592bc2dbd9de13ad61c8747c9d9e1f50b02d00c0400fb;;;My relationship has become the major stressor in my life.;;;I lurked for a good while before posting. I feel at a loss with my relationship. I (27F) have been with my partner (30M) for almost six years. He was recently diagnosed, and started taking medication last month.  Our courtship (22F/25M) was very quick, and within a few weeks, he started living with me. He was generous, supportive, smart, sexual, and adventurous. He was exciting, fun to talk to, and mysterious. He was incredibly intelligent. But there were also red flags -  he was defensive, quick to anger, quick to yell, highly sensitive, and seemed to have a wandering eye. He wasn’t comfortable communicating with me, had dropped out of college, and was unemployed. He was always on his phone. At first, I was shocked by some of his behaviors: I felt like he wasn’t the right long-term partner, but wasn’t too worried about that - he was exciting, I was having fun, and I would break up with him when I needed to. I didn’t realize how quickly the turbulence would become normalized.  After our first year together, I confronted my partner about his emotionally abusive behavior. He grudgingly acknowledged this and made some changes, but the conversations were like pulling teeth. He was still unemployed, depressed, “in his own world.” His parent was (and is) providing for him. He was very difficult to talk to - super sensitive, super defensive. Over the next few years, I discovered new behaviors: compulsive cheating and lying. He was on dating websites, texting “matches”, flirting. I pushed for couple’s counseling, which he attended with me for several months.  Things were going well, until I learned about an account of even more egregious cheating from his friends (that he had never disclosed to me). I was devastated, but he seemed extremely remorseful, so I encouraged him to go to individual counseling. We continued to attend couple’s counseling. I helped him seek mental health treatment (antidepressants).  This year, right before covid-19 hit, I found out that he had been lying to me about his whereabouts. I discovered that for a few weeks, while I was working my evening service industry job and he claimed to be working on his career, he was out drinking and partying with strangers at clubs/at their apartments. He almost got a DUI. He was back on dating websites. It devastated me. Again, he showed remorse.  This time, I was ready to break up. I began focusing on myself and detaching myself from the relationship (while quarantining with him). He began attending therapy even more frequently. For some reason, I came across information about ADHD, and encouraged him to take a look. He was quickly diagnosed. He is working with an ADHD specialist, and has a psychiatrist.  I don’t know what to do. I feel like after everything I’ve endured with his untreated ADHD, I should give this a chance and see if he can be the person he seems to be underneath it all: funny, supportive, generous, committed, caring. But I’m so exhausted. He’s still defensive, obsessed with his phone, avoidant, and unemployed. I can’t help but think of all the hurt he has caused me and, honestly, continues to cause me. I can’t understand why he can talk to his therapist respectfully for hours, but my most respectful expression of feelings elicits anger. He is impossible to talk to. I feel alone.  I feel paranoid, anxious, depressed. I don't feel like myself. I’m waiting for the other shoe to drop. When will he be able to bring in income? Will he cheat again? When? Will we ever have sex again? How long do I need to wait? Even when things are going well in my life, my relationship has a way of bringing me down. I love my partner and I want the best for him, but I don't feel happy. The only time he truly seems to listen is when I'm so worn down and exhausted, that I'm speaking through tears. And then we have the same conversation the next week. I'm so tired of crying - I have never cried as much in any other relationship. We have a life together, but I'm so tired.   Just posting this to hear that, hopefully, I’m not alone in my experience.
