4eb30c831fc78835804d6d6d168e6573adcfc1f3b1c3812d489b920e88fd9eda;;;How do I support my partner with getting education/training without pressuring him?;;;A little context: my partner has ADHD and dyslexia. He does not take any medication. He used to when he was first diagnosed as a teenager but found that the medication was making him feel numb and depressed. I only know him without medication.   He tried college twice and dropped out both times. It wasn’t a great time in his life as he was in a very unhappy relationship and felt quite lost, was drinking lots and smoking a lot of weed. After dropping out he started working in the hospitality industry and has worked as a cook for the past 6 years or so. He’s never had trouble finding work, but has also not been able to progress from a little more than minimum wage jobs. Cooking is also not what he wants to do for much longer.   For the past 3 years I have been trying to help him find what he wants to do with his career. He’s not career-driven but he wants to do something that he’s passionate about and that fulfills him. The only issue is: he’s interested in LOADS of things, yet has not made the effort to try many out.   I am trying to be supportive and to not pressure him but I am struggling. I am in my late 20s and I am seeking security for me, for us. We might want kids in 5 years and I want to be able to offer them a decent life.   Whenever I suggest to look into internships, apprenticeships, courses etc he gets immediately defensive and annoyed. Does not want to talk about it, look into it. He logically knows I am trying to help, but he cannot help but get defensive and feel pressured. He’s obviously not had the easiest time with school in the past. The problem is: unless I encourage him or do it with him, he won’t do any research or take any steps towards a career change.   At the moment we live in Canada, but we might move back to my home country, Germany, where without education or training you’re basically doomed to be stuck with minimum wage.   I am desperate for him to put some serious thought into what he wants to do, but he struggles to focus on this for obvious reasons.   Any advice?
