518494a64f06572c22dbc07635dbc316fb808b623e6ddb484a0e7b4e64b99eda;;;Need some more tips and trick, part 2!;;; Hey there guys! It's me again(NDX)  The cylinder head crisis and tooth extraction crisis are over! So we decided to try and work on things but I'm talking in circles again.  So a few things, in my last thread I was NDX. Since then I've been DX with Autism(level 1 foremly asperger's) Bipolar 2 and PTSD. So I have quite a bit of work to do on myself. Working on a proper med route and therapy.  We found out one of my biggest triggers is his unregulated ADHD symptoms. So I have some work to do on that as well.  But I digress, today after trying yet again we got in a fight. Yay me lol. The silver lining is that he figured out that only negative reinforcement works with his ADHD.  What I mean by negative re-inforfement is that when his mother told him to throw out the trash...and he did not do it in a timely manner....she basically threw it in his room.   Something similar happened, I admit I'm not proud of this moment either. I kept tripping on his shoes(supposed to be left out of the way in the shoe closet) Out of anger I threw the shoes outside. He couldn't find them untill I told them they were outside. Funny enough he has never done it again.   So, great a strategy works. I'm not ok with the pettiness or negativity involved. I consider this type of reinforcement very toxic and damaging to his mental state. I'm not a petty person and O was with a toxic man in my previous marrigae(emotionally/phys abused) I refuse to use this strategy with my partner.  He is in the process of signing up for therapy, which he obviously needs.  If positive reinforcement does not work and logic based reinforcement does not work....what else can I try in the meantime? Anyone else been in a similar situation?   Also for the record, I know MIL is abusive and has issues of her own. 2/3 of her children are o. Therapy and they are all messed up in some way. She spent most of their lives not showing them love but basically using them as pawns for whatever her will was. When she couldn't get her way with their father(during divorce) she attempted suicide. She tried to say it was "an accident" but there is now way a BSN doesn't know that swallowing a whole bottle of Ativan won't kill her. She is a very manipulative woman and also called CPS on us when she did not get her way(long story) Sorry for the TLDR but there's the context.  TLDR: Positive reinforcement and logic based reinforcement does not work on (DX) partner. Due to a bad childhood only Negative reincorcement works. This is toxic and I won't do this but need to do something.
518494a64f06572c22dbc07635dbc316fb808b623e6ddb484a0e7b4e64b99eda;;;DX Adhd spouse forgot to take antidepressants for a week and is now on a terrible spiral;;;First off, for refrnece My spouse is 31(DX) and I am 34, (DX) Ptsd and Autism.  So, a few weeks ago Hubs forgot to take his Effixor for about a week. What I think he experienced was antidepressant withdrawal.   He turned into a different person. A friend and I went to Disney(with his permission) and I forgot to let him know I was going to be late, I was waiting in line 2 hrs after park close for Rise of the Resistance.  He decided to take this as, the friend and I not only hooked up but decided to go to Disney springs without him. When we got back he threatened to take the car and leave us in Orlando. Gor drunk then berated me.   In the 7 years we've been together this has NEVER happened.   Now, as a couple of weeks have moved forward he has done nothing but have this obsessive need to pick fights with me. I asked a question, got berated. Asked another he tried to withhold the wifi password. I even tried to deescalate, once I failed and the second I was sucessful but he would not come down from his anger. It eventually lead to a fight.   It's like he's relentless and will not stop untill he has won. He will use any and all my triggers to goad me into screaming at him and hitting him. Then use that as an excuse why I am a terrible person.  After an hour of refusing to fight with him, he got in my face and egged me on to hit him for about 45 minutes. Using every name he could call me.  Let me preface this by saying I am not a violent person. In my previous marriage, I was beaten daily for basic things. I do not even hit my kids unless absolutely necessary and even then it's a pop on the butt. I think it's forcefully triggering my fight or flight. At that point I no longer see the present but am in the past.   I got an incorrect valentine's day card today. The sentences I could read but they didn't make sense together.  Ok, so long story short he was NEVER like this before the mess up with medication. He is a completely different person.   Is it possible that he is experiencing some kind of psychosis from this?   Leaving is not an option. I'm not willing to leave when I know, deep down in my heart and by the research I have done that this is not him.  He's got a new therapist who swears he's acting this way because of me and my new found friendships. The therapist apparently sees no issue and won't even bring the subject back to working on himself. She'd rather talk about how I've screwed up in the marriage and am making him this way.
