518a9dfcafaa2deee482a6a49d081a88d62fca37da7849895f1a096c1d985380;;;Regular but seemingly spontaneous weekly arguments with my partner;;;My partner (29) is diagnosed with ADHD and has anxiety and PTSD symptoms from multiple incidents during her childhood and adult life. I’m (35) not diagnosed as living with any mental health conditions, but do occasionally see a mental healthcare professional for workplace stress and relationship advice.  About once a week, my partner and I will have an argument, and I’m struggling to identify what is causing it. Most recently, I was sleeping during the day on a Sunday after a busy work week, building a new bed frame for us, and us staying up late the previous night watching a TV show we both enjoy.  I woke up with her looking for clothes in our bedroom, and said “hey hunny” or something similar. She stormed out of the room, so I went to find out what was wrong. She said I’d ruined her day by sleeping, that she wanted to go out and play Pokémon GO with me that day, and that I wasn’t listening to her and that I needed to say “sorry”. I asked what I wasn’t listening to her about, and what the issue was.  She left the house and came back a few hours later. I said that “it sucks that we can’t be nice to each other right now”. She responded by saying that she’s felt angry and had growing anxiety all the time that I was asleep, and was upset that I didn’t “put her to bed”. We had slept on the couch that previous evening, went to bed together in the early morning, and then she had gotten up and went back to the couch after she got frustrated with the pillow arrangement I made on the bed.  I never did manage to discover why she needed me to say “sorry”, and why she had become so upset, but I think it’s because I was sleeping rather than spending time with her. It’s possible that a lot of our conflict comes from when I choose rest rather than spending time with her. She’s a student, with a maximum of about 8 contact hours per week, and I’m a full-time worker in a high-impact office, management and tech role.  It sounds like small stuff, but we both feel devastated every single time it happens. Neither of us want to endure this every week, but we can’t seem to figure out what’s going wrong either – definitely would appreciate some help or a fresh perspective!  Let me know your thoughts, if we sound like we’re both trying as hard as we should, or if you think there’s something going on here that I’m completely missing. Thanks so much!
