51e79945144f1d43ec86fd1906a86a7c7a4cce3caea6d4b6db075b260fac76e0;;;Are there solutions or do you just have to accept the behaviors? (Long, Im sorry but I’m desperate);;;My gf and I have been together two years. Easily the two best years of my life. She is smart, funny, kind, and caring. She has been wonderful to my two young sons and they (and their birth mom and my family) adore her.   I think I am a very patient man, so her wandering off to a brook without telling anyone to check for arrowheads in the middle of my sons baseball game, or interrupting me talking about things, or getting hyperfocused on things and texting me for hours about them, and thousands of other things have never bothered me to the point of any frustration. To be honest I never realized it was the adhd until I found this sub (she is dx and medicated for adhd and ocd) and just thought she was quirky and well, I love her so I love her quirks too. The end.   Except not the end. I’ve been hurt many times by some of these behaviors, and in reading this sub I’ve realized shes sort of an “out of sight out of mind” partner. Its not a complete fit because for example when we started dating she was horrible with texting back, but after I said it was rough she started keeping her phone with her and she both texts and texts back frequently if she is at work, or at her parents.   The problem lies with when she is away from me and has a “real” distraction. The first time this happened she was on vacation with her family for xmas. Xmas is a very very hard time for me due to the death of a brother. Ive had ages of therapy for it etc but without fail xmas eve and the day before are days I will spend in bed with tears. I expressed this to her many times. She even saw it firsthand our first year. But when she was on vacation, she dropped contact during those times. I needed her, and she was wandering around day drunk, making videos of herself looking for shells. When I was upset, she simply told me that she was on vacation and couldnt be texting me all the time (but really she didnt text at all nor even remember how screwed up I was going to be). I said this was unacceptable, I need a partner who pays attention and thinks of me even if theyve got shit to do. I wasnt asking her to be glued to her phone. Just a little consideration. Anyway she said she would be on top of it.   Well, since then the same sort of issues have popped up a number of times over the past year. Anytime she has a non-work or family thing to do (friends etc). The pattern is this: 1. I make a request prior to the coming distraction because im always watching for them 2. She fails to come through 3. Im hurt 4. She hyperfocuses on me and the relationship for a week, maybe two 5. She stops hyperfocusing (usually because i tell her to stop because i dont want love to be a penance). We go back to square one and I bury my hurt by telling myself she does care and nobody has cared this much so this is as good as it gets and I should be grateful  The last straw was this weekend. She attended her cousins 21st bday boozefest in the city, 1.5hrs away. She said she was only going to have a couple drinks and then go home to her parents, maybe a half hr drive from where she would be, and then be home early in the am for my sons bday party. I encouraged her to go and made one request. Please check in once you are in for the night so I know you are safe. I asked the day before, and again when she was walking out the door.   I got rambling drunk texts at 9pm and at midnight she sent a misspelled awkward one essentially saying “i love you! Ive shut so many motherfuckers down tonight”. The kind where its obvious shes wasted and to me that means shes being hit on relentlessly etc. At this point I have no idea who she is with, where she is, and I certainly know she cant drive home. Im worried.   I never got the check in text. I stayed up til 430am worrying. I had to take drugs to sleep. Shes a tiny thing, and Ive lived the club life and I know how it goes. I was beyond stressed. I texted multiple times for updates and got nothing. Around 2am I called, and someone sent me to voicemail after 2 rings. I kept calling and they did it again and then finally let it ring through to vm.   The next morning I get texts at 9am saying oh i slept at my sisters, I told you I was going to (she didn’t, it was a plan change) and of course I was safe my sister was with me. Totally dismissed my feelings until it became clear I was unhappy enough to break up.   I’m at my wits end. The hurt and disrespect I feel from these thoughtless acts is building up and eating at the core of my dedication to her. I dont want to leave her over something she cannot control, but this is a “must have” need for me. I need a partner that cares equally and it doesn’t feel like she cares if I’m not there. She says she will try harder but I hear that after every incident. I dont know what to do.   Does it get better, or is this it? Do I just have to believe that its not personal somehow and learn to let it go? I do want to salvage this but I feel scared and very alone and I do not think I have much blind faith left. 2 years of the same feels like change is an impossibility and I do not want to shame her for what she cannot control. I am not perfect either. I just feel like this type of consideration is a core value for the relationship I want and I dont know that I can live without it.    Any thoughts or help is greatly appreciated. Im desperate.
