521f64baa652b2433a6629a68afbadca53df82a999cef92b4ba56dbba0d5f89f;;;Is it finally time?;;;Hey guys, I (25f) have been with my partner (25m, Dx) for almost 5 years and live together for just under 4 years. He has never really talked much about his struggles with ADHD and until recently I didn’t realize how much ADHD was affecting our relationship. I started researching the affects it has and different ways it can present, especially the issues that can arise in relationships. I stumbled upon this subreddit and it has given me a lot of comfort in realizing it’s not just me. He hyper focuses a lot and that often doesn’t leave a lot of room for me and he doesn’t express his emotions effectively so it can leave me feeling unloved and questioning where we stand more often than I’d like. When I try to have healthy conversations about these things he will often shut down and not say anything. I have had anxiety and depression for a number of years and have a fair amount of trauma so I would often just minimize my feelings so as not to cause one of his shutdowns. This obviously has shutdown a lot of our communication and when I approached him about whether or not he would be willing to go to therapy, he said “Nah, I understand that the way I deal with things is different than other people but it works fine for me.” As someone who is currently in therapy trying to improve myself, I see it as a really great thing for all people who struggle with mental disorders. Even times where I can talk about it and I tell him I need more affirmation and quality time, things get better for a few weeks and then go right back to where they were. I’m at a point now where I am growing very tired and all the effort I put in feels unmatched. I understand how hard this can be from his perspective but at some point I think he started wearing it as his personality and has made it inseparable from himself.   So where I’m at right now, I’m going to have one last conversation about whether or not he is willing to seek treatment in the form of medication or therapy, preferably both, and if he isn’t willing then I need to accept that and move on. My main issue is that we haven’t really talked much specifically about his ADHD and while he was diagnosed as a child, I don’t think interventions were taken. I’m going to try in this conversation to approach it from a standpoint of how the symptoms are affecting our relationship. We either grow together or grow apart. Any insight, advice, consolation, etc. you can offer would be appreciated.
