525c8089e638d331f341dafb34f1c2fe1eccfd33e921584c9326dfade830e4f1;;;How to talk to ADHD partner about behavior...am i being irrational?(long!);;;I (29/f) have been with my bf (26/dx) for 6 months now. Overall he is super amazing: very kind, supportive, smart, funny. I love being around him and I’m falling for him but a lot of his behavior (which I’m sure is ADHD induced) is starting to be off putting to me and I’m wondering how to go about addressing it with him so we can continue as a couple.  EMOTIONAL: He has irrationally lashed out a few times, to the point where I’m uncomfortable and honestly hurt.   The first time he ever did this was 4 mo. into our relationship. I was staying with him before he left for a family trip and he let me know that he didn’t clean his apartment and wanted some help. His apartment is often a mess, so i just come to expect it now and i also don’t really care—I’m overall non judgmental about people’s living spaces just because...it’s not mine so i can’t control what they do and i don’t mind helping clean up! So every time he’d bring it up I just tell him “this is your place, your rules” and I guess this night I said it one too many times because he goes “NO IM SICK OF YOU SAYING THAT! MY PLACE IS F*CKING GROSS AND YOU NEED TO SAY ITS GROSS”. Completely took me by surprise and  2 minutes later he was back to the sweet guy I fell for, loving on me and kissing me which made me confused. when I brought it up a short time later because he could see i was tense and wanted to leave he didn’t remember lashing out at all but felt so bad he was tearing up.   Now he lashes out at the smallest things (ex:me being comfortable in his bed—I’m fine but he thinks I’m not lol, unplugging a lamp when an outlet beside me was available and i didn’t know) and it makes me feel uncomfortable every time but also every time, he snaps right back to himself and seems to not recall being mean/snappy literal seconds ago.   CLEANING: like I said above his place is a MESS. Clothes and trash and other stuff piles up and he flip flops between freaking out and caring and straight up not caring. He’s in school, works, and has his hobbies that he is devoted to so I understand that he’s busy which is why I try to help out from time to time but I can never get it done because it’s a lot and gets overwhelming. He knows well enough to tell me his place is messy, but does nothing about it. Im not trying to mother him and beyond cleaning myself for him I do not know how else to go about it...  OVERALL COMMUNICATION/TIME: This bugged me more at the beginning. not as much now but I will go full days without hearing from him! Then I’ll tell him hey I have this day off, let’s hang out and will go a week without seeing him and when I ask what he had going on he says he does nothing but play his computer games all day or hung out with his friends—after I asked if we can hang out. I often feel like I’m not a priority to him but then he shows me other wise...  So what do I do? How do i tell him about these behaviors and how they affect me without making him feel bad? Im starting to think that he literally doesn’t realize it or maybe he does and doesn’t care—i don’t know. I am new to dating someone with ADHD and trying to navigate it without losing him or my mind in the process. If you read all of this, thanks! Lol
