52c3ecfaf7e79dfcbe26d1cf9eda264a302d0332a099a10564cd3423f7b4e8e4;;;Myself (25) and DX (30) First time posting;;;Hi all, thank you for all you share. I’ve been lurking and watching for a bit as my fiancé was diagnosed with ADHD a few months back, along with possible Bipolar Disorder. We have been formally together over a year and a half, but we’re best friends for a long time before this. A few months into our relationship, he began this vicious cycle:   -starting to do less self care, pull away, get snappy  -do something very hurtful to me  -have a talk that away lasts over 2 days because he needs time to process, and then comes back with some new big revelation about his actions  -gives me a laundry list of how he is going to work on it  -works for 2 weeks at tops, I start to lean in and trust (and as my therapist says ‘give him the reward cookie’.)  -we are neutral for another week or so before it begins again.   It has been 10 months of this constant cycle. Sometimes the things he does to hurt me are small, but most of the time they are very hurtful and prove to me he never actually listened from our talks before. There were no signs of this as friends, and the longer our relationship goes on the more resentment I have towards him/ our future together. I have had the break up talk with him a few times; not even me saying I think we may need to end this was enough for this cycle to slow down.   I’m in therapy, and it’s been helpful, but the resentment is bad as I know have medical conditions that allow me from doing a lot of things in life. I’m facing a possible brain surgery, and I’m on a lot of meds, bad procedure recovering, etc. This cycle has been on top of it, and I finally broke down after months of stress on Saturday. I was left alone sobbing in the bed, he didn’t help get me food, didn’t check in on my meds (which I ended up not taking which is DANGEROUS), and he admitted finally he didn’t help me because he was scared and lost. I asked him if he tried anything to comfort me, and he stated he didn’t. I asked why, and he couldn’t give me an answer, instead did the same cycle script, realization, and a half apology on how is going to fix it. I’m at the end of my rope, I’m 25 dealing with serious medical conditions and I can’t be my partners mother. He has shown again and again how co dependent he is on me, and I really am trying. We’ve tried schedules, he’s on meds, therapy for over a year, he has a planner, a check in list for bills, etc. But at what point do you have to realize there isn’t anything else you can do? Who else has been at this stage but turned it around? What has helped with resentment? I am desperate for help from this community, and I hope someone can get help from the comments as well, thank you all. 💙
