52e0a100c98b16b3449f00e5fadc97c89fc9b00217d249bbb9710ad3f473b7aa;;;ADHD and trauma VS Relationships;;;Hi! I'm cross-posting here and in r/adhdwomen cause I'm in need of several perspectives.   First of all I'm (F26) a partner with ADHD, so I hope it's allright to post here. Apologies if not.   I'd like to get a lil productive with you guys for a moment and ask for (every) advice (in the world if possible).   Since getting diagnosed last year I've basically been going through the 5 stages of grief. I'm at a point where I've come to terms with everything and I'm accepting the situation as it has become. I've realized that most of my (objectively imo) bad behaviors that make me hard to be around are mainly trauma-related reactions that I can, want and also need to work with. Some examples being:  -being extremely sensitive to critique -needing to always be in control -getting defensive when questioned -shutting down when facing small hardships  These are of course accentuated by my adhd but not inherently a part of it. Realizing this has been a major stepping stone on the path to becoming who I truly want to be, and I'm proud to say I've already come a long way.  I went to therapy for a while but can't do that atm. I practice what some might call mentalization, and try to do that as often as can. The meds helps me especially well in that sense, cause they give me the ability to think through things a bit first. I also try to do cognitive behavioral therapy with myself as best I can. Me and my partner (F26) talk a lot about my toxic behaviors and I work a lot on trying to understand how my behaviour can hurt others. I try to work through and understand the source of my trauma so that I can end the cycle of shame-based trauma and the reactions that follow.   Thing is, my wonderful partner of two years is at her wits end. She sees me and my progress, and she often expresses how proud she is of me, but she's human and understandably has times when she's losing her patience. I've not been a good partner for her at times, I can't take all that back, but having her in my life gives me an extra kick to do something about my behaviours so that I can be a better partner for her. I want this for myself, but I'd prefer to have it ASAP for her sake.   We have lists for stuff I need to work on (also getting a bullet journal today). We talk it out after every incident. If one strategy fails, we try another one instead. Tbh I'm convinced I couldn't have had a better partner for this, she gives me slack for ADHD-absentmindedness,  holds me accountable for my bad behaviour while at the same time shows understanding for the trauma it's rooted in.   But I Need To Make It Happen Faster. I love her, and I can't lose her. I especially refuse to lose her because I'm making her go crazy from all my shit. I'm not giving those who caused me all this pain the pleasure of seeing me lose what feels like the love of my life.   I'm desperate for all your advice. Every single thing you've felt has worked for you as a SO or as a SO with ADHD. What strategies do you felt worked? Have you achieved happiness in your relationship personally? Did  you give up/settle with less? Any books, articles, strategies etc.? Do you know of any support groups online for either party (or maybe combined?) that actually works on issues rather than just complains about them? I wanna hear every advice, suggestion and personal story of success and failure 😭  I'm probably eventually sending this post to my girlfriend at some point, so if there's anything specific you want to ask or want her to know please do tell. I'm sure she'd love some words of both advice and encouragement as much as I'd do.  Thank you so much in advance. If any of you have any questions or want me to elaborate more on some of our strategies that has actually worked, please let me know and I'll make and effort to get back to you as fast I can!
52e0a100c98b16b3449f00e5fadc97c89fc9b00217d249bbb9710ad3f473b7aa;;;Adhd and trauma VS Relationships;;;I'm cross-posting here and r/adhdwomen cause I want several perspectives. I also want to start off with letting you know that I'm a partner with ADHD. Hope it's alright that I post here despite that, apologies if not.    I'd (F26) like to get a lil productive with you guys for a moment and ask for (every) advice (in the world if possible).   Since getting diagnosed last year I've basically been going through the 5 stages of grief. I'm at a point where I've come to terms with everything and I'm accepting the situation as it has become. I've realized that most of my (objectively imo) bad behaviors that make me hard to be around are mainly trauma-related reactions that I can, want and also need to work with. Some examples being:  -being extremely sensitive to critique -needing to always be in control -getting defensive when questioned -shutting down when facing small hardships  These are of course accentuated by my adhd but not inherently a part of it. Realizing this has been a major stepping stone on the path to becoming who I truly want to be, and I'm proud to say I've already come a long way.  I went to therapy for a while but can't do that atm. I practice what some might call mentalization, and try to do that as often as can. The meds help a lot in that sense, as they give me the ability to think hold a thought for more than a minute lol. I also try to do cognitive behavioral therapy with myself as best I can. Me and my partner (F26) talk a lot about my toxic behaviors and I work a lot on trying to understand how my behaviour can hurt others. I try to work through and understand the source of my trauma so that I can end the cycle of shame-based trauma and the reactions that follow.   Thing is, my wonderful partner of two years is at her wits end. She sees me and my progress, and she often expresses how proud she is of me, but she's human and understandably has times when she's losing her patience. I've not been a good partner for her at times, I can't take all that back, but having her in my life gives me an extra kick to do something about my behaviours so that I can be a better partner for her. I want this for myself, but I'd prefer to have it ASAP for her sake.   We have lists for stuff I need to work on (also getting a bullet journal today). We talk it out after every incident. If one strategy fails, we try another one instead. Tbh I'm convinced I couldn't have had a better partner for this, she holds me accountable for my actions while at the same time shows understanding for my trauma. But I Need To Make It Happen Faster. I love her, and I can't lose her. I especially refuse to lose her because I'm making her go crazy from all my shit. I'm not giving those who caused me all this pain the pleasure of seeing me lose what feels like the love of my life.   I'm desperate for all your advice as partners of ADHD'ers. Every single thing you've felt has worked for you as a SO or as a SO with ADHD. What strategies do you felt worked? Have you achieved happiness in your relationship personally? Did you give up/settle with less? Any books, articles, strategies etc.? Do you know of any support groups online for either party (or maybe combined?) that actually works on issues rather than just complaining about them? I wanna hear every advice, suggestion and personal story of success and failure 😭  I'm probably eventually sending this post to my girlfriend at some point, so if there's anything specific you want to ask or want her to know please do tell. I'm sure she'd love some words of both advice and encouragement as much as I'd do.  Thank you so much in advance. If any of you have any questions or want me to elaborate more on some of our strategies that has actually worked, please let me know and I'll make an effort to get back to you as fast I can.
