53be3c2829fc76b03803bd0769b3c69f8aed63a170160701676a0aeb043cefe9;;;My ADHD bf shut down on me in a really crucial stage of our relationship... I don't know what to do or how to feel.;;;A lot has been happening recently and I've been heavily stressed lately which definitely isn't helping, but there's something I can't shake out of my mind and I just need somewhere to vent. I'm in my first ever proper (long-distance) relationship and we decided we really wanted to have our first time together. Birth control really doesn't agree with me but I was so ready and committed that I decided to do it anyway so we could have sex. We've never spent more than 4 days together, but this time I went for around 10 days where it was just the two of us, and somehow I pictured it as being way more romantic than it was. When we got around to doing the deed, it just wasn't working and my bf just got really frustrated and shut down on me, he kinda got annoyed about the whole thing, and went to take a bath straight afterwards. It was like one minute things were fine and he was super open and we were really happy, but after we tried to have sex and it failed he literally turned into a different person...  For the next couple of days, he barely spoke to me and just watched videos on his phone and made me feel like he didn't even want me around. I even considered leaving his city early because I was so bewildered by the whole thing, I didn't know what to do. He told me he "felt numb", which I tried in all the circumstances to be understanding about, but honestly I felt crushed. I was so ready for our first time, I'm so paranoid about getting accidentally pregnant that this was a \*\*HUGE\*\* deal for me, and it was like when it got difficult he just gave up and it made me feel like he just didn't even want me tbh. I don't even know how to get over that. People fail to have sex their first time probably all the time but this was just a different level, and now I feel like every time we try again, this is going to be in the back of my mind... like it's going to spark off him being super distant with me. Is it even normal that someone does this when attempting to be intimate? I know he has ADHD (possibly bipolar too) but it's really hurt me. I'm going of birth control now thank god, but I really feel so differently about having sex now, it's making me really sad :( I feel like it's going to take me months before I'm ready again. And the worst thing is that the day before I left, he switched back to his normal self... It felt like he was happy that I was leaving. I don't know what to do or say. I just feel weirded out by the whole thing, and that he isn't there for me in the way I need him to.
