53d1eb52c404c547c3fb125555d02575c8f527834bb099d5174696c8c69192f2;;;How important is a medication routine?;;;Hi guys, I (23F) have a bf (23M) who is prescribed ADHD medication. His ADHD was diagnosed in elementary school and up until high school, he took it every weekdays, breaking only on weekends. Now as an adult, he skips it OFTEN. It can be for any reason- he didn't wake up at 8am on the dot / he forgot / he doesnt have schoolwork, etc.   This bothers me a lot because he is struggled with his upper education, and it is really affecting our relationship. From being with him for so long, I can tell he's not being truthful to me about the impact of being inconsistent with his medication. At the same time, I don't have much exposure to ADHD irl and I feel it's not going to be a productive conversation to confront him with the generic medical guideline that recommends you must take it daily for good results.   Can some of you share your own experience with medication? And can partners share any similar stories and resolutions?  Thanks :)
53d1eb52c404c547c3fb125555d02575c8f527834bb099d5174696c8c69192f2;;;Want to break up with partner in 2021;;;It sounds bad, but it’s come to this point. He (23M) and I (23F) have had good and bad moments between us, but I feel as if I’ve mentally checked out on our relationship for 1+ year now.   Because of the on/off nature of our relationship, I want to make sure he knows this time is permanent. I am planning on bringing this up at our next couple’s therapy session. The problem is, our couple’s therapist is HIS usual therapist. I feel outmatched since they both seem to vibe off each other’s energy and lack commitment to talking about worthwhile topics. I know, incredibly passive aggressive of me to pass judgment on what’s worthwhile or not, but there’s clearly stuff that’s affecting our lives right now.... and then there’s what they talk about. Our last session in November should’ve been dedicated to helping him prepare for the stress of December school finals, but we ended up talking about an honestly unimportant argument where we had a fight over me not reading his cue about stepping into a puddle of trash water. In case you’re interested in know, I did not, in fact, step into the the trash water. But he is upset that I didn’t heed his non-verbal warning (the one that I didn’t understand in the first place) to not step into the trash water. Of course, when finals came around, he mentally checked out and left me doing the heavy lifting *cough cough*  I don’t hate him. I just don’t want to be with him. I don’t really feel the need to explain myself either, but I will do so if pressed and I’ve never been afraid to do so. The problem is, in the past I’ve I cave in to his requests to get back together after proposing a breakup. The reason is usually his promise to clean up his act and address his mental health. And while there’s improvements, it’s just too little and often too late.   It could be the fear of being alone since his my first boyfriend and we’ve been together for 6 years. What should I do to navigate it and make this breakup stick, especially when his poor handling of his ADHD is what led us to this point? I don’t want him to feel bad about his ADHD, but I was never truly mental health myself and I didn’t know the amount of emotional commitment I’d undertake at 17 when I agreed to date him. While I don’t resent him for it, because really, who can foresee the future and the course of mental illness and neurodivergent disorders. I did promise to love him through thick and thin, yet I have nothing left to give to him. And it sucks that he knows this and he feels guilt for it, so I forgive him and we get back together. How do I, for a lack of better word, not forgive him?
