53d461c28e10f133d3305024df846eda3d5357ec8c4b4be6e0c70243a8f41119;;;Both my SO (30 M) and I (27 F) have ADHD, yet the onus is on me to guide us through life.;;;I'm a lady.  Grew up in a household where it was only expected of me to clean and make sure everyone was okay. My brothers were spared this duty. This gave me a distaste for men who don't clean up after themselves or who make the women in their life take charge in getting things done \[Insert mandatory "not all men" statement here\].   The fun part is...I have ADHD! Navigating life is hard as shit for me, as well, so it can be exasperating to also clean up after him.   It's not only cleaning.  My partner doesn't take initiative in his life. It's hard to type this, as I've dealt with similar issues. I guess, the frustrating part is the unwillingness to keep trying.  I can't describe how hard it is for me to function. Not only do I have ADHD, I have C-PTSD that I'm still dealing with from familial trauma. Over the past 4 or so years, with all my might, I decided to TRY to strategize my way through my ADHD.  I keep a planner, a wall calendar, a phone calendar, and sticky notes are often used. If something doesn't work, I try something else.  When I have an important thought, I note it down before it's gone.  When I'm putting something off, I do it as soon as I can before it becomes a huge issue.  This took YEARS to hone. I went from being unable to function and being a third time college drop-out to working at the college I failed out of.  Basically, nothing has been easy. I've had to do research, persist when I kept forgetting and messing up, and learn that my ADHD is not an excuse to neglect my friends, family, and my life. It is indeed an obstacle but one that can be overcome with dedication to finding solutions.  My SO has had a video game addiction the entirety of our relationship. When he's not at work, he's basically only playing games. This is his hyperfocus. The only hyperfocus he has. I acknowledge how powerful hyperfocuses can be. I intimately understand fixating on things.  This video game addiction has led to years of neglect. 8 years, at this point. I'm not unreasonable. All I want is communication. I tell him repeatedly, "If you need days to JUST veg out and play video games, let me know." because what ends up happening is that he gets on and it is just assumed that he won't get off unless I ask him to. I don't want to ask anymore. I want a partner that acknowledges hardships but that still understands that it is our duty to show our loved ones consideration.  This has led to an indescribable loneliness. I've been through a lot. We live with my emotionally abusive parents. Saving money together has been a nightmare and we are no closer to moving out than when we moved in. I've BEGGED for us to plan together, to sit down and hash out anything that needs more strategizing so I can fully heal away from the people who caused me so much pain.   My main issue is not his ADHD. I  understand how difficult it is to have it. My issue is in the belief that because something is hard, it must be IMPOSSIBLE. Again, I can see how this thought can manifest; however, I can't keep fighting MY own battles to keep my life in order AND his, as well. As previously mentioned, I've hit rock bottom in the past. Every effort I've made since has been out of a literal last ditch to survive. I finally have a job that is leading me into a career I actually might thrive in. I want to focus on my own efforts without having to also pull his weight.  I KNOW this struggle is hard. It's not any easier for me. I cry often at how overwhelmed I am and have even gotten close to hospitalization this semester. I tell him repeatedly about how lonely I am. I tell him I understand it's hard to pay attention and to remember tasks, but that we can work on ways to remember to be thoughtful like phone reminders, notes in obvious places, or keeping a journal to reflect on important things. I try to facilitate things for him. I TRY to work with him, because I understand that communication and planning is crucial in an ADHD relationship, especially when both of us have it.   It has been so traumatizing to have to explain repeatedly why I deserve to be considered in his daily life, especially since so much of what I do is to make his life easier.  It always falls back on, "It's hard for me to communicate/I didn't remember."  Honestly, those are valid reasons. ADHD fucking sucks. What I have a problem with is that those statements are never followed with solutions. He doesn't seek ways to help himself. It's hard not to be resentful when I had to do so much work to build a system for myself while caring for him, my family, school, and work. I just wish I was given credit for how much unnecessary work our relationship has put on me.  This all intermingles with my C-PTSD so much. When I try to talk to him about his behaviors, he starts off denying my experiences. This led to years of gaslighting where I kept feeling overwhelming solitude in my struggle but then brushing it off because it was never his "intention". To that, I tell him it's usually never someone's intention to hurt others, unless they're like cartoon-villain evil. While the intentions aren't bad, I still think the way he reacts to hurting me is the more damning part.   I rarely ever get an apology, and when I do, it's done with such labor and in a way that feels resentful.  At this point, I just want him to acknowledge how much his gaslighting has warped my perception of myself, how I don't feel worthy of consistent love, and how I feel responsible for his success in life.   It's felt like waiting 8 years for someone to finally care and he's currently trying to convince me he'll change by sending me links he found about ADHD. Every time, he tells me this time will be different. I'm exhausted. I no longer want to do this but am having trouble with him trying to get into my head that things will change, when I've heard this more times than I can count.
