53f3806749f46bfe6fdf4aa3fbd776d557d4757ac170f39996c5596e442119a7;;;My (21F/dx) relationship (w/ 22M) is falling apart, and I don't know what to do anymore;;;i'm so distraught i don't know where to begin, and this is all going to sound like rambling without direction, so please bare with me. i have nowhere else to turn, and i figured that this is anonymous enough that i can receive some help or guidance without admitting my situation to my friends or family.  TL;DR: my (21F/dx) SO (22M) is draining our relationship and he somewhat acknowledges his behavior, but doesn't make the effort to change or work on anything to fix it.  so to give some context, my boyfriend and i got an apartment together about 3 months ago, after less than 6 months of being in a serious relationship. prior to living together, we had mild disagreements in our relationship but we almost always resolved things, and *never went to bed mad at each other,* so to speak.   i have DX adhd and he doesn't understand it, and really doesn't believe in mental illnesses; has the mindset that everything is "all in my head" and that i "just need to change what i don't like" etc etc etc  he has a very outgoing and excitable personality, which i adored when we first started talking and hooking up; but since living together, this excitable personality has started to manifest as uncompromising selfishness and explicit stubbornness which has started to affect me more intimately. he gets overtly frustrated and angry about seemingly unimportant things, and constantly demands getting his way in nearly every situation. i do my best to be accommodating and understanding of our personality differences (honestly catering to his needs more than mine, and giving in to avoid conflict whenever possible), but there are certain things i cannot waver on and it typically results in an issue.   we've been at odds with each other ever since we moved in together (seriously within weeks), and it is unrelenting. i'm getting more and more depressed over the state of our relationship, and i truly feel directionless. i don't know what to do anymore, i don't know where to begin repairing everything that has been ruined, and i don't know how to handle the impacts of this.  most recently, he was really aloof and acting offbeat for a couple of days and i finally pried a response out of him about what was going on. he expressed to me that he's unhappy (which we've both admitted to each other multiple times, and are in the process of trying to fix).  essentially what he communicated was that he wasn't sure about how to talk about the feelings he was experiencing, and said that he didn't want to talk about it because it would seem like he was about to end the relationship. he admitted to feeling guilty for not giving equal effort to the relationship because he knows i'm giving more effort, and looking back he wasn't happy when we moved in together because it made him think the relationship would be better if we lived separately. he explained that he still loves me and doesn't want to end the relationship, but he wants to live on his own and thinks things between us would be better if we didn't live together. following those remarks, he said that he's really just selfish and wants to be on his own, but feels bad and guilty about it because he thinks i'm "cool" and i give so much that he's unable to reciprocate. all in all, he says he feels like a piece of shit for the way he has been treating me, and that he has things to work on personally before our relationship is able to make him happy.  ***my rsd is screaming***  the conversation fell out of sight and we haven't talked about it since (about two days ago), but i'm scared to bring it up again. the entire situation made me think his excuses were the typical, *it's not you, its me* excuse, as well as, *you're a really cool person but i just need to focus/work on myself right now* excuse when trying to end things without taking responsibility or admitting the entirety of the issue. i guess i'm just frustrated that he admits the selfish behaviors and lack of consideration for my feelings, but hasn't made the effort to resolve anything or change his actions/behaviors.  i'm honestly beside myself about this, and i don't know what to make of the entire situation. there are countless factors that contribute to all of the things going on between us, but i just need guidance for moving forward in our relationship after he has expressed all of this to me. this keeps permeating into other areas of my life, and i've had the most difficult time trying to manage my schoolwork while coping with our relationship issues and his lack of consideration or compassion for the things i'm struggling with beyond our issues.   i have no desire to end our relationship, and we aren't in any position to separate because of our lease. however, i'm losing a lot of hope and i can't shake the feeling that we aren't meant for each other.  i need some advice on how to handle this and what to do. thank you for reading all of this, and feel free to ask any questions for more context or clarification. i appreciate any help or suggestions in advance!  (posted to other subs too)
