53fc9cd256d4d33aae20889aeb9e6c1ce662ea11a458ead575e51fb5c8ea9d4b;;;I think my ex had ADHD, he wanted to cut my throat.. why?;;;so I recently just broke up with my ex because I lost feelings, due to lack of attention, anger issues and unresolved arguments. He was never diagnosed and I only came to realise it might be ADHD because my friend suggested it.  We never had our issues resolved because whenever I open a discussion he would blame it on me, never understood the real point of the argument, and diverts to something else that’s completely irrelevant.   He always forgets things and we used to live together so I felt like I was always ‘momming’ him. He never listens to people, ever. Whenever we are talking he ends up talking about himself. And apparently not only I felt the same way, all our friends did too. He tends to repeat his stories over and over again too.   Also, he has major anger issues, and I only recently heard from my friend after the breakup that previously when he thought I had used tinder secretly (I never did, it was just an app I had but hadn’t deleted because I forgot it was there) he wanted to slap me.   And many more, like failure to read the room, making things all about him, cannot multitask, looked like he couldn’t be bothered whenever I talk to him, etc.  What I want to ask, is it normal for ADHD people to threaten people? Or is it because in addition to that he has anger issues?  I’m asking because when I broke up with him, he took it well initially, and then after I told him to come and take his stuffs from my house, he went insane, he said that he felt meaningless in my life and that ‘if I ended things friendly by telling one another what a good time we had with each other’ he will be ok with it. But what’s the point???? Then he accused me of cheating. With a friend I hadn’t texted or met in weeks, only recently together with a girl friend because quarantine was lifted. He said we all plotted against him, and he wants to cut our throats. I can understand everything but I can’t understand the threats, his way of thinking, etc. Breakup was between me and him but he always needs something or someone to blame.
