5405fbb43e0f169565aac36274d68e99f2c070c5bffd7a9b215af6c048c1aec8;;;I need relationship advice;;;Hello all. I am asking for some advice. I'll start off with the background. I met this girl at work last summer, and we kicked it off and started dating. She was sweet, pretty, and smart. About two months into the relationship, she explained to me about her ADHD and depression problems. Now, as a 20 yr old in college, I have had no previous experience with people with ADHD, and barely knew what it was. I love this girl, and I want to help her out, but she seems to not want to help herself out. I have read a lot about teenage girls with ADHD and their symptoms, and most sources say it would be best to obtain a therapist, but she always makes excuses. Let me explain how it first started.  About two months in the relationship, she explained to me how she had an episode in an uber, where she was cursing out the uber driver for no reason after a night out, at which he called the cops, and she called her friends. Her friends came and picked her up, and she proceeded to try to harm herself with a knife in a bathtub.  She eventually called her parents, and they helped her out. She got prescribed these anti depression meds after. At this point, my younger more naive me thought to myself, " This girl needs help/is crazy." But I still managed to have a good relationship with her. Over the months we have had our arguments and fights, but have been able to work it out at the end, although sometimes I worry. She would get very, very easily offended, and would be very defensive of any criticism, no matter how small. It could be telling her she put something in the wrong spot. She would get very moody when I would not give her attention all the time, but yet would text back very unengagingly, while I would try to be uppity and have a fun conversation with her. One time, out of anxiety, and after I told her that she should not say negative things about me when angry to one of my good friends who then used it against me in a group message, she got really mad, started yelling at me to leave her apartment, and literally screeched at the top of her lungs, for as long as it took me to leave. All the neighbors were wondering what happened. Another time I was really angry at her since she decided to take a minuscule thing ( I told her I was coming back Tuesday morning after having been gone for a week, but then told her I was coming back Tuesday night instead) out of proportion, and just bombard me with negativity the day before a very important interview for an internship. I was so mad that I decided to break up ( I let my emotions and anxiety get in the way) and left that night to retrieve my things, which she had left outside for me. I took them and as I was leaving, she opened the door and spat at me. ( kinda funny not gonna lie, but very disrespectful ) She did this because she said I should have broken up with her in person. We were later good that same night. It would literally feel like walking on eggshells when I talk to her, for anything I say can set her off. For Christmas I got her a picture of both of us as an early present. She looked at the gift before Christmas, but I did not know. All I knew instead was that she was mad at me. She was mad that I got her a lousy gift. ( I am bad at gift shopping ) We had a huge fight over the phone on Christmas Eve, when my family was in town, and she screamed at me on the phone and told me a lot of nasty things. We made up for it later, and I decided to get her a kitten that she had sent me pics of two months ago as a surprise gift since she did not like the picture. I drove two hours to adopt it, drove two hours back, and made it a surprise. She loved it, was very happy, but she did not get me anything. I was secretly taken back at the time, but let it pass. At least she was happy. ( I found it a tad bit hypocritical, but whatever ) I would sleep at her house during school, and as an engineering student with early classes, I needed my sleep to function well. She was a late sleeper, and never respected my requests for turning off the lights early for example, but whatever. It was her house. One time, we went to a bar with her cousin and his girlfriend. We were having a good time, until the other couple were taken a pic together, and then we took one together. She then got very upset at the fact that I did not have many pics of us on social media. I do have some, and am very inactive on social media. I am not that type of person. She threw a tantrum in front of her cousin and his girlfriend, which was embarrassing. That day, I was already dealing with a potential divorce from my parents, and my mom called me, crying, after we got home from the bar. I had already told my gf earlier that day that that was happening, yet that night after halving talked to my mom, she just threw a tantrum about the whole social media thing in complete disregard with what I was going through.  When we would get in fights, she would have no restrain from calling me nasty curse words. I have said somethings I should not have said, and I am no angel. But I do try to restrain myself have very rarely called her the b word in front of her. She would frequently get in depressive moods and find a way to take it out on me. From my observations, she has no routine, little discipline, a bad sleep schedule ( she would get up at 2pm and get mad at me for leaving early to go study ), and a lack of control of her emotions. I do love her very much and I try my best to understand her, but sometimes I have to set my boundaries. I need my alone time, and time to hang out with my friends even if she gets upset. I need to wake up early in the morning every day to be successful, yet she gets upset at me for not sleeping at her place, even though she knows we have issues with our conflicting sleep schedules. She would aggressively, verbally lash out at me for asking her a simple question that she gets annoyed at, at which I ignore most of the times, although I do set my foot down when my tolerance level is reached. She of course has issues with her body image, constantly expressing her low self esteem ( I think she looks fine ), says shes going to work out cause it makes her feel better, works out two/three times a week and then stops. She loves the stimulus effect of sugar, even though I advise her against it since her parents are prone to type-two diabetes, and she takes great offense to it. She smokes pot, and I have no problem with marijuana, except that she does that more than once every single day, and has been doing that for years now. I know that has to have negative effects in the long run with the consistent usage, and on top of that she also has a vape pen which she uses every day. I get it, she is more prone to substance abuse due to the stimulus effects. She gets easily overwhelmed and when she does, she has a mental breakdown. Also, one last thing, I got her a one year anniversary gift because I knew it would make her happy, but she did not even bother getting one. ( Again, imo, pretty hypocritical, but I let it pass ) Now, it may seem like I am being too harsh, and I probably am, but I do LOVE her, and we also have GREAT times together. It is as if the good times are better than awesome, but the bad times are way worse than they should be. Both effects are amplified. I have tried to understand her, giving her space when she is being too emotional, and trying to be really patient, while listening to her, and trying to lift her up. I would advise her to get a therapist, but she would make the excuse that she does not have 50$ to spend every two weeks ( although she has a 30k car note, buys miscellaneous, unnecessary things all the time, and has horrible fiscal responsibility ). It would be a very touchy subject on which she would get offended.  I am sorry for the rant, I just have not expressed this to anyone for this whole time, but am looking for advise.  I guess as an engineering student, I try to solve problems too logically and straightforward, although I know it is not always like that. For example, I think to myself, she can easily feel better, and reduce anxiety by working out often every week ( killing two birds with one stone, considering she had said this has helped her a lot in the past ), but she has no discipline or motivation to keep on doing it. She could pay 50$ every two weeks to help her mental health, yet she prioritizes material goods and eating out over being mentally healthy. But I do know that is not how her mind works, and that everyone's mind is different. I feel like her refusal to get help is both negatively affecting her in a major way, and causing a huge amount of stress on my end. I love her, and I want things to work out, but she does not want to seek help, even if I offer to pay for half of the therapist appointments. She has great parents, but they grew up in the era were ADHD was not even a thing, so she did not get the help she needed as a kid. Any advice would be greatly appreciated, and thanks  very much for taking the time to read this,and excuse my rant.
