55927ce81487e44549f285ed7e935ea0af896dbeca309d3430030745f593f334;;;I'm afraid of what our future will bring;;;My partner has medicated depression, anxiety, and diagnosed/medicated ADHD and it's just... so much.  He doesn't have a lot of friends nearby so when he is having a bad day, I  am the only one he can turn to. It's so difficult being the only one  maintaining the house, keeping our schedule, planning for stuff, thinking several steps ahead, and taking care of our bills. It's lonely and sometimes I  feel really sad and depressed about it but while I have a therapist, I  don't have a lot of space at home to feel it. He takes the sadness and  occasional anger personally, and I can't talk to him about it all easily because it somehow then becomes about him. We're not in a great place but we have some stressful life things coming in the next year or two, and I honestly sometimes don't know how we'll make it through in tact. But he has no idea I feel that way. I just needed to get it out... but I want things to get better, I just don't know how to make it happen.
55927ce81487e44549f285ed7e935ea0af896dbeca309d3430030745f593f334;;;ADHD spouse is out of work but... is that better than hating work?;;;My ADHD partner has been out of work for a few months (not virus-related, just a lay off due to business) and since I make the most between us and my job is stable, we're ok that he's not working. It's not great, we can't pay down our debts as much as I want to, but it's steady. He's getting unemployment but it's about a quarter of his paycheck was, per week. It helps, but no one could live on that.  The problem is that this can't go on forever. When things get back to normal he needs to get back to working, but I dread what will happen because I know how bored and antsy he gets going to work every day. As soon as he loses interest, the clock will start ticking until he'll want to quit and move on. I know this because he does this with everything else. He thinks he has to love what he does with all of the passion (when most of us just work a job). When we met, he had a job he liked and that was his job until recently so I've never seen him go through a search or go through a bunch of jobs, I just know that it will probably happen because of how many problems he finds with employers or offices or coworkers or routine.  I manage our money so I know that we're ok for now, but he's not pulling his weight around the house even with to do lists and a calendar. We talk about it but it doesn't happen. Whenever he tries to go grocery or supplies shopping while I'm working, he spends SO MUCH MORE than he has to (and knows it but can't stop). So basically, I can't rely on him to run errands or do stuff because of what comes along with that and since I'm busy working all day I can't really do it either.  So eventually he has to go back to work but his being out of work right now is the devil I know vs. the devil I don't (a new job). What to do?
