56019ba7ff6ddfafb86caffe7635f04103873dd117b04d53fca503b456767c0b;;;I'm the ADHD partner.;;;Just starting off by saying I'm undiagnosed (NDX). I don't expect much sympathy, because I feel a lot like I deserve the suffering, but I want to ask you all for some help. I hope also I don't come off as blaming my ex, because a lot of this is really my doing. This is going to be quite a long post, too - I have a confessing compulsion.  I started researching ADHD symptoms after me and my (NT) ex broke up in November. A lot clicked, that I'll go into later. Our relationship was tumultuous to say the least. But if I had to summarise it, I was outed and diagnosed with severe anxiety and OCD afterwards. I was unmedicated for both until this month. I also never thought I had ADHD either. I wasn't good at communicating - I was scared of bringing problems up to my ex because although I told them I can't communicate well because of familial trauma, but I *am* trying, and for them to be patient while I sorted out my words so I don't get caught up in the moment, they would still feel critical of me if that makes sense and they'd stonewall too (which I can understand - it mustn't have been easy dealing with me). Most of these problems came after I was pushed more than once into things I said I wasn't comfortable with only for my ex to repeat them again.  Over time my symptoms got worse for both my OCD and anxiety because I was at home with abusive parents, and I ended up depressed. There were times where I considered breaking up because I felt like I was at my wit's end but I stayed because I didn't want to break my promise to my ex. There was also a time they broke up with me because the thought of what could happen to me scared them, even though I reassured them that I would be careful, only for them to take me back in a day. I think from there everything worsened. They got a high paying job, which of course I was happy for them about, but as they worked more and had less time with their immediate family and friends, they spent less time with me. This is just a disclaimer; I would NEVER ask my ex or anyone to spend less time with people they love, but I felt as if I was less and less of a priority to them and it hurt a lot. I even asked them, if they wanted, to initiate calls with me because I'm on a much freer schedule. Nothing. It hurt more because where I am jobs were rare and it was impossible for me to get a good one because the minimum wage was bad. I began feeling lesser than and compared myself consistently to my partner - although I didn't voice it in such a way and said once in passing I was just sad at not being able to find a job so I could meet them. I felt distant for a while because of this and as the situation with my family got worse but I needed time to gather my thoughts before I said anything - but this definitely could have been handled better on my end. They obviously caught on and I apologised, and I promised I'd try harder. I also told them about my OCD concerns and sent a link that I believed would help them.  And while I genuinely thought I was trying - acting visibly happier, communicating when I feel overwhelmed and when I need time out, asking what more I could do to better the situation, staying up until late so I could send my partner to bed, being there for them - there was definitely a place where I was lacking on top of my communication skills. I hyperfixated on a lot of things, like bands. And these for the last week of our relationship were all I talked about. I physically couldn't control it. I just had to speak. Not that that is an excuse. I never read beyond the lines and I didn't know how to interpret their one worded replies, and while I invited my ex to speak, and cared about what they had to say, I believe they just didn't trust me as much after the events of the last week. I understand that. I think I sort of understand being chewed out by her friend for it too, because it was hurtful. And I think it is justified that they left. I really hope that they're happier now.  I just have an immense amount of guilt on my end. While there are some things I didn't cause, and some things I did cause, I feel like mostly the burden of the relationship failing is on me. I might have done all I could during the relationship with the resources that I had, but I feel shame for learning so late that there was something else I could have done. I often focused so hard on things like studying and online courses that I unintentionally ignored messages. I shut down if I was faced with conflict because I easily got overwhelmed and I didn't want to cause problems and I was scared of what my ex would say. I was an extremely shitty communicator, but I was gradually learning to speak up about things that made me uncomfortable and I really thought I was improving. I accept all of these wrongs.  And that's where I want to ask sincerely for advice: How can I move forward from this? Now I have access to therapy again, I have a new therapist and I am being prescribed Prozac for my OCD and seeking and ADHD assessment soon. I'm also working on communication and opening up to family and friends. But more than all of this I want to know how I can be better next time. I know having a partner with ADHD can be hard sometimes and even more so if in a situation like mine where I didn't even know anything was wrong until now. I want to be better for next time. That's all I want.  TLDR: I'm an ADHD partner who had an overwhelming relationship due to outside factors and hyperfixated on other things to fill the void. I want to be better for next time and stop beating myself up. How do I go about this?  Last thing: If I come across as JADE, please tell me. I don't want to do that and I just wanted to provide context to help people understand me. Also, if this isn't really the place for such a post I will delete right away.
