563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;How to get partner to actually listen to me? He also takes things that aren’t his and it’s really embarrassing;;;My SO (dx’d, rx’d) and I are having two different problems. The first one is that when I communicate things that I need or feel, he overwrites that’s with what *he* thinks I need. The second is that he inappropriately takes things that aren’t his and it has caused several very embarrassing situations.  I’ll try to keep things brief, but I’m trying to improve my diet because I noticed in gaining those dreaded “2lbs every year”. My SO eats nothing but junk food. I’ve told him, kindly, three separate times when he surprises me by grocery shopping “for us” that I’m improving my diet and don’t want to eat any of the foods that he brought home (Chips Ahoy, candy, plain bread, crackers, Fruit Rollups to give you a sense of how bad it is). I’ve explained my workout routine to him, my diet, and make sure to mention it regularly. But yet again yesterday he brought home nothing but junk food and then got upset when I didn’t want the “dinner” he got “for me”. In his mind, he’s doing me a service, but I’m getting really exasperated with how many times we’ve had this conversation about me eating healthy.  What can I do to just make him listen?  My second problem is that my SO takes things inappropriately. This is odd because he’s extremely territorial and gets very passive aggressive whenever someone uses something of his, even if it’s in a communal area like a cup in the kitchen.   The reverse is not true. Some examples include, we were visiting an old friend of mine out of town and he just invited himself to her last soda in the fridge without asking. She would have let him have it if he had asked, but his just walking to her fridge and taking it was...odd. We were at a party with friends (where we were welcome to the beer in the fridge) and he helped himself to a bottle of wine that he found in the kitchen while we were all in a different room. The host had to text everyone later asking who opened the bottle and if they could reimburse them for it. It was mortifying.   How do I even approach this behavior?
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;He doesn’t feel like I care about his hobbies, and honestly I don’t;;;Our house is a mess, I’m the only one in charge of making sure that the dishes don’t get moldy, that we have toilet paper, pet food, food for ourselves.  At my request (and with my help) he cleaned up our bedroom and it looks a lot better. But I’m still feeling overwhelmed, and alone and like the manager of a sullen teenager. I spiraled into a depression last night and started crying but I couldn’t put the weight on my shoulders to keep our life running into words and he got frustrated.  He said that I’m emotionally manipulative with my sadness (I don’t think this is true, sometimes I just get sad and overwhelmed even if he took time to clean up after himself), and he doesn’t understand why I’m upset if he cleaned earlier that morning. That no matter what he does I don’t appreciate it and it hurts his feelings when I’m sad even though he cleaned.  I want to scream. Will it ever get better? He’s angry and hurt because I don’t care about prioritizing his hobbies, and honestly I don’t. I can’t make things better because I can’t bring myself to care about all of the projects that he wants to start around the apartment when I have to walk through boxes of random stuff and trash just to get from the bed to the bathroom.   I don’t even know why I’m posting, I just need help. It’s overwhelming. I can’t handle it. I don’t know what to say to him anymore
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;I need help communicating that I can’t listen to my SO talk constantly;;;I hope I don’t come off as too much of an awful person here, but my SO who is diagnosed and medicated talks from the moment that he wakes up to the moment that he falls asleep.  He’s not talking to me but more at me, and it’s about a range of topics that he read about online and found interesting.  It’s getting to the point that it hurts to hear him talk. I can’t respond to emails, read cooking directions, or silently pay attention to anything while he is in the room without him talking at me.   The problem is that he finds it hypocritical when I ask for some “quiet time” at home but then start talking to him about things like cleaning, planning ahead for joint activities, reminders about things, etc.   How can I communicate the difference between him talking at me instead of to me (sometimes he’ll ask a question but then barrel on over me and thinks that it’s a conversation...), and explain that sometimes I don’t have the bandwidth to engage with his one-sided stream on consciousness but at the same time need to talk to him about adult things?   I dread him waking up or him coming home because regardless of what I’m doing he just starts talking at me.  If I ignore him and keep doing what I’m doing he gets upset and asks if I’m listening and then continues.  It’s starting to drive me crazy, and I’ve noticed myself subconsciously start to avoid him.
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;Need Guidance Setting My (NT) Expectations of Partner (ADHD, Dx, Rx);;;First off, I can’t even tell the wave of relief that o felt when I discovered this community.  I’ve felt so sad, angry, lonely, and very alone surrounded by trash and stress and disaster everywhere.   I’m having a hard time figuring out what’s reasonable to expect from my partner when it comes to keeping the household running and managing himself, and setting those expectations will help me manage my resentment.  I need help differentiating between what’s ADHD, and what’s him being lazy (he grew up with a SAHM who did all of the cleaning, and he has a history of trying to get away with doing the bare minimum).  We live together, and it’s really hard.    Does anybody have advice on differentiating between ADHD, laziness, and how to understand as the NT partner what’s reasonable to expect from him?  We have also developed an unhealthy dynamic where he’s codependent on me being his executive functioning failsafe and I’ve taken on the role of manager or parent. Can we break this dynamic?
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;Do the emotional parts of ADHD get better?;;;I’m sorry if this is a dumb question, but I’ve been my ADHD SO (diagnosed and medicated) for a few years. It’s my first serious relationship and I feel very overwhelmed.  He clearly cares about me a lot, and has put in 100% effort into getting better about chores and cleaning up after himself. He’s made incredible improvements since we first started dating and I literally couldn’t see the floor of his bedroom. We live together now and I’ve put a lot of effort into learning about ADHD, lowering my standards and being patient while we learn to live with each other.   However, I’m starting to wonder if I can’t do this anymore. He can be very immature and it makes sad, frustrated and less attracted to him when I end up being the adult. I feel so lonely because he just talks at me about nonsense and it’s hard to talk to him without him cutting me off or disengaging. He says really hurtful things to me about the “basic” things that I enjoy doing when decides to join my friends and at and then immediately gets bored. After he does his fair share of chores he acts like he just ran a marathon and becomes a complete spoiled brat about how hard he just worked.   He improved a lot on the doing-things problems that we’ve faced (like cleaning). Can he also improve on the emotional things like paying attention when I say things to him or being less of a pouty brat when he doesn’t get his way?   I thought that learning more about ADHD would help strengthen our relationship but it’s had the opposite effect. I feel so depressed and hopeless that I’ll be lonely and essentially his parent for as long as I stay with him.   Any advice, perspective or stories?   Thanks x
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;Feeling Guilty About Breaking Up;;;I’ve mostly decided that I’m going to break up with my SO (ADHD, medicated) in a few months when our lease is up. I’ve tried to encourage him to expand his support network, become more independent, and have serious discussions about my happiness and where we see our futures going to at least queue him in that I’m not happy.   However, I’m feeling really guilty when I think about breaking up with him. He takes rejection extremely poorly, he’s codependent on me in an unhealthy way, he doesn’t handle change well, and he loves me a lot and sees a future for us. We have very different priorities, but I think his fear of being alone stops him from seeing that we aren’t compatible anymore.   Does anybody have advice for breaking up with their ADHD SO? How can I make it easier on him leading up to the breakup and when the time comes?
563bbf4f574cf225e008b50b092debc25e557a3ec497194bfeabd11047751e45;;;SO Feeling Like I Don’t Prioritize Things That He Cares About. Needing Advice;;;My ADHD SO and I moved in together several months ago and the apartment still looks like we moved in last week because of the mess and my SO’s unpacked items everywhere.  My top priority is getting settled and I’ve told my SO countless times how upset I am that he seems perfectly fine living out of moving boxes which I have to rearrange to access the kitchen.  I recently got a promotion and have been very busy (therefore less able to do the “let’s both clean this together”) and things keep getting worse.  We’ve had several arguments about it.  Recently SO told me that I’m not appreciating all that he’s done already and that I’m ignoring his priorities and trying to make him focus completely on mine (him finally unpacking).   Here is why I’m frustrated.  “All of the things he’s done for me/apartment” are things like cooking me several spontaneous meals but then leaving the dishes for me to do and installing a new gaming system because there’s a game he really wants me to try playing because thought I’d like it (I rarely play video games...).   His “priorities” which he said he’s upset that I seem to not care about include repainting an porch chair to match the new apartment better, creating a gym and meal prep schedule for both of us (I’ve told him I don’t want to be a part of this endeavor but he won’t drop the idea of it being an “us” project), and putting in a speaker system so that we can listen to music continuously no matter what part of the apartment we’re in.  I really help.  He’s not listening to me, and I just want him to unpack his damn stuff and walk to the kitchen without having to maneuver through a maze of trash and random shit.  When I’ve tried to talk to him about this he gets hurt and says that I’m not valuing his priorities, and that his priorities are “mostly for me” (EVEN THOUGH I DO NOT WANT OR NEED ANY OF IT!!!!!).    Please help, I’m losing my mind.
