564f69acd7414380dd2c361c6386529674f70640ba4ef28d7feb0b126223d88e;;;How do I approach my ADHD husband and tell him what I've been feeling?;;;I don't how everyone here can go through so much with their ADHD spouses. I've been on this roller coaster for 3-4 years now, and it's not getting better. I constantly get screamed at, yelled at if something small goes wrong and becomes inconvenient for him (ADHD husband). A towel misplaced, he yelled. Couldn't find something in the fridge quickly, he yelled. Broke a coffee carafe, yelled. Stuck in traffic, screamed into my ears. His anger outbursts are out of control, and he has no desire work on them. He gets over them pretty quickly, but never apologizes or even acknowledges that he screams at me. In his head, I think, it's all justified. There's always a trigger for his anger, so he thinks it's justified and I should just move on when he moves on. I've done so much around the house for him, for both of us, yet if something is not the way he wants, instead of asking nicely, or even fixing it himself, he resorts to screaming at me.  On top of that, I feel so invisible and neglected. I spend so much time throughout the day waiting for him to get out of his "zone", to finish up random videos he's watching, so we could eat, or go for a walk, for do some chores that are way overdue. He can easily get mad and frustrated if he has to wait for me (or anyone) for a minute, yet it's common that he told me he would be done in "15 minutes", and it would take an hour. He picked up new projects, goals, research interests all the time because the ADHD mind gets bored. Now during the pandemic time he's decided to be learn and become fluent in spanish from scratch. He invests so much time into learning Spanish because his goal is be fluent in 3 months. He would do online lessons, look at flash cards on his phone all the time, talk to native speakers on hello talk, watch spanish shows and movies (all we watch now is spanish shows), schedule online tutoring lessons, etc. At first I was happy that he found something meaningful to focus on rather than watching endless youtube videos. But it's taken all his free time now. He doesn't manage time well, and other chores he's supposed to do around the house keep getting pushed back because of spanish. He barely plays with the cats. He doesn't do the dishes unless I really push him to. He bought a broken grill, wanted to fix it but left it in the middle of the kitchen for months without touching it. Some days I don't see him until late at night when he has long work hours, but the little free time he has at night, he is on his flash cards, or sending voice messages to his hello talk partners. If I dare ask him to spend some time with me, he goes into a rage at how I'm not being supportive of his goal, I'm needy and always want to spend more time together, even though "we are together in the house 24/7 already." If I work late and finish work at 8.30 or 9pm, and he is in a middle of a Spanish episode, I would have to wait for him to finish before we get to eat dinner, just because he has to finish it.  Our life together now is already in this situation where he randomly decides some days he's cold, shows no intimacy, doesn't even hug or kiss me when he sees me. He could go late into the night on his phone, and first thing in the morning on his phone or laptop. I try to have a routine of spending a few minutes before bed together, or a morning hug when we get up, but it only backfires. The more I try, even though just for a few minutes each day, the more distant he becomes. He does this so often that it feels like he's just a roommate now. Deep down I know he cares, and he says he does, but his reactions are just the opposite, and he's becoming more and more difficult. I couldn't talk to him about how I feel, he immediately dismisses me, becomes defensive and finds some reasons to blame me. He gets really angry whenever I try to tell him how I feel, and makes me feel like I imagine all of this, and I'm the crazy one while he's being this wonderful partner. In his world, I imagine, he's doing all the right things and I am just this constant nag that wouldn't leave him alone to focus on his things.  How do I break out of this? I guess I'm getting so tired now and I'm so sick of getting yelled at for any reason. How do you know if it's just ADHD behaviors, or a part of who they are and how they treat us is also their personalities. I always thought if I can get it to him that it's his ADHD behaviors doing this and that he would be more aware and could work on his behaviors. But I am afraid some of these aspects are his own personalities and for that, I feel hopeless. Some times I feel like I just want to run away from him and all of this. It's a terrible feeling either way.  Appreciate all the feedback.
