57b2372c903d14de3efaf742b139ccb099a5e9518ce7ca243e4987545d9dec62;;;How do I broach the topic?;;;My boyfriend is NDX, and has never considered a diagnosis -- I think. We've been dating for a few years and live together. I've noticed symptoms since before we dated, but we've been able to work through a lot of them... however, that has involved me taking on a lot of household responsibilities. Recently, things have been a little more difficult for me to manage because my own anxiety has been high. I want to talk to him about how he could potentially have ADHD -- and could therefore pursue treatment for it -- but how do I broach this subject without being an asshole?   I'm so frustrated by always seeming like the jerk for nagging and pointing out things he's done "wrong," but I feel like he doesn't see the invisible 90% of our household work I do -- when he does things, it's like they are worth more than the invisible things that I do, even the information I always have floating in my head that he does not -- things like directions to places that are two blocks away, or the layout of the stores we go to, or where every object is in our house. He is so hyperfocused on other things that it's like his brain doesn't have room for the daily information that I take care of. But I also am at fault for swooping in and dealing with information instead of giving him a chance, right? We have talked about this -- but it is just so much easier than dealing with the fallout, so I don't know how to deal with that.   The losing things and inability to keep track of information has been something I can deal with for the most part. But recently the hyperfocusing on one thing has been difficult -- when we're with family, he will talk right over me and my family members without noticing, and it makes me feel uncomfortable. If he is doing anything and I attempt to say something to him, it's as if I never spoke at all. I feel like my time is less valuable than his, and the things I do have turned into work to allow him to keep living and thriving despite his behavior.   Sorry this is somewhat of a vent -- this is the first time I've been able to talk about this, and I don't know what exactly I'm doing here. But I need help, and I know the first thing I need to do is talk to him, but this is going to be the trickiest conversation I've ever had and I don't want it to be an emotional catastrophe. Any advice would be appreciated.
