585a21d4e017c6f636f47d59382ce05018a57bf17e5c275f4aadbdf1d9b5f5db;;;25M DX dating 26M NT partner for nearly 2 years.;;;I'm in a monogamous relationship with my partner for nearly 2 years now. We live in the same city and before the pandemic were able to meet twice in the week. However, I haven't seen him for 4 months now. My grandmother is very old and I can't risk her catching the virus.  He is a beautiful person and I most definitely love him. I am very much attracted to him. He is supportive, caring and tries really hard to understand me.   But, this is where it gets tricky.  When the relationship began, I was clearly hyperfocused on him. For the good part of the first year, I thought he was the most beautiful man on the planet.  Cut to now, i am just questioning things. If there is something better out there?   In January, we had broken up for a brief period and i went on ONE date with this guy and I think about what it would have been like to pursue that? What would it be like to date him and have sex with him.  I find myself wanting to go on dates with other people. Talk to new people.   I didn't feel like this in the beginning of the relationship: I was ALL IN . I felt like this was THE ONE.  Recently, a stranger DMed me on Instagram; I didn't find him as attractive as I find my partner!! But, the thought of having sex with him crossed my mind. (Obviously i told the guy I am dating and turned him down) I feel so guilty that I have this need to seek novelty.   I feel that if I were to even break up and pursue other people, I would be in the same place after 2 years! It has happened in my past relationship also. I just suddenly lost interest.  The guilt about the guy i met in January bothers me too much. It is the personification of my need for novelty. But, i barely know him!! It's insane that I can imagine dating him without even knowing him.   I don't know what to do. Is this ADHD? Has anyone else experienced this? I want a future with my current partner. He is so good to me and for me but, I feel i will destroy this relationship to chase newness. What do I do?
