59219057cdaa3610bc44d7c4590913fbc0aff6776715b43da6f176cdb5ff3ea4;;;I am struggling to overcome feelings of resentment;;;My older sister has ADHD and whilst it has been really difficult for her over the years, it has also had a devestating impact on me and my self esteem. This is something we don't talk about.   Within my family, we talk about how hard it is for her, how we must be undetsanding of her ADHD. I have always tried to be empathetic and understanding of her. In periods when she has been in conflict with other family members, I have tried to help negotiate a solution.  I have always kept going back to my sister in attempt to “fix” our relationship, but there are only so many chances I can give her.   I have tried to have a relationship with her - at times, we have been incredibly close. Somehow this is never sustianable. Growing up there was always conflict, violence and aggression in my house. Shouting, swearing, breaking into my room, breaking things.These were things I just accepted. I thought it was normal. At times I'd feel emabrassed when her outbursts happened in front of my friends. I never really had anyone to talk to about it.   As I grow up I realise that things we have long accepted, really aren't acceptable. Primarily, the violence. As adults, we have had ups and downs and I consicously made the decision not to tolerate violence from her - which has led to periods of no contact. She slapped me with a doc marten a couple of summer's ago because I wouldn't lend her my clothes.  My parents don't like to get involved in these conflicts, which whilst I can understand puts them in an awkward position, it  also means that there is no accountability. No incentive for change. The recent conflict stemmed from a big argument a couple of months ago, where she shouted and abused me in front of my friends and then demanded I lent her my credit card which she then lost. It was all too much for me and I decided to take a step back.   The problem is that whenever she is conflict with someone, everybody is so intent on not causing further anger and confict that the issue is swept under the rug, for the sake of a happy christmas for example. As an adult now, my sister's behaviour is dangerous. I am scared of her temper, as are other family members and I witnessed how she treated her ex boyfrend. I don't know how we can move forward if there's not a unified front from my whole family saying enough is enough. I don't want it to feel like we're ganging up on her, really it is more from the perspective of we love you, but you need to sort this out. I lost my cool earlier after she shouted and swore at me and I told her that people were afraid of her temper. The issue is that she accepts no responsibility for her behaviour and there has never really been any consequence for it - as it has always been forgiven.   I really try to understand it from an empathetic viewpoint, I understand that she struggles to regualte her emotions and feels impulsive. I am trying to contextualise it, I really am but I am at my wit's end. I don't want to be at loggerheads with someone, but I can't have a relationship with her until she owns some responsibility for her actions and accepts she needs anger manamagement. I find it really hard to sweep things under the carpet this time, I have so much resentment.   &amp;#x200B;  I also understand that this post must seem very one-sided and attacking of her. I guess I am trying to work out where the line is to be drawn between ok, she is struggling and actually this is inexscuable.   &amp;#x200B;  :(
