59ffb00da0fc080794ab36c7278d6c7b4952c7a74566ebf666666574b9bd29f9;;;Abusive or ADHD?;;;Been with my boyfriend now fiance for 4 years. We took a year break in between from year one to year two because so many things did not make sense he did. He has been dependent on me both times to provide housing. I'm 48 and he is 42. I had financially stability where he had zero. He came to live with me and start a relationship again in 2017. He promised to help pay the mortgage and other Bill's. He promised to make a commitment to the relationship. He did neither and had to be repeatedly told to pay his half of the Bill's. He kept saying he was going to ask me to marry him, told his friends specific details that he was going to ask me to marry him, told me if I planned a vacation he would ask me to marry him on the vacation. Well, it never came. Eventually months later after an argument, he popped the question when I refused to talk to him. I was too stunned to be happy. Too emotionally wrought to positively accept the proposal. I just said, we need to work on stabilizing this relationship which is what I have done.  A year later, its still not stable. He has emotional outbursts on literally every vacation we go on unless I plan it from A to Z and take control of the whole thing, which isn't very relaxing. He repeatedly "drops" me for other people (family, work) and acts hostile towards me so he can spend time with other people. The worst is when I'm being nice and open and giving this man love and an excited to make life good, he finds a problem. This past valentines day, we were supposed to go on a trip, we got to the hotel and within minutes he got mad at me. I've come to realize he is best chasing after the relationship versus actually being in one. He doesnt like happiness and joy and seems to kill it when he can in order to stay miserable. Problem is, I'm not built like that, I'm built for happy positive connection. Do I love this man? Yes. But I have realized he cannot accept love other than when he is chasing it. Not when it legitimately is there in his arms. His family enables a childlike behavior versus treating him like a 42 year old man. He doesnt take meds and I respect his decision. He has been finally seeing a therapist and taking tai chi for mind body connection and regulation. Yet I'm not seeing any effects. The repeated cruelty of his mood episodes every few weeks has done me in. It feels abusive. Not in the traditional way but in a way that says, hurt for no reason, lose their shit even more then say I love you and spend the next few days making up for it. It's the pattern and its unhealthy because I have learned to continually modify and downgrade my happiness in order to keep in his zone. It sucks I am trained to withhold love. And firs time I ever wrote or posted about my relationship. I feel its safer to do this here versus breaking his trust and speaking to a friend about it.
59ffb00da0fc080794ab36c7278d6c7b4952c7a74566ebf666666574b9bd29f9;;;Anyone with ADHD and BiPolar male partner?;;;Hi, posted here before and read what's here frequently.   Partner of 4 plus years got diagnosed last year formally with ADHD and just recently with BP. It has been extremely difficult on me as his partner because his family does not deal with the issues and fall out of this, it has seemed to fall squarely on me. Ala why he finally went to see a counselor and get a diagnosis to start treatment. He is in his early 40s.   He is able to maintain his job. It is a high stress job so it works well for him. He thrives off the last minute preparations and tasks. And he is very good at what he does.   Problem is he seems to take every stressor out on me. No one else to carry the stress. He wouldn't dare to his family, friends or work. He maintains a cool calm persona with them and then it's a whole different story behind the scenes.  Every 3 weeks, he gets into his moods. It takes days for it to come back to neutral.  My question is does anyone else here have a partner with this same combo? We are supposed to get married and from what I can tell at this point is the deeper our relationship tries to go the worse his behaviors manifest.   We did couples therapy on Friday and by Sunday, his behavior had shifted in the negative yet again.   So I'm hesitant to plan a wedding only to be thrown curveballs of negative behavior.  Hope this makes sense!
