5a93eaf760a635fed82c71261a114ac0263e7bfd5bd988814cfb4c93db9a164c;;;Newly diagnosed SO and I'm the one doing the work to get him help!!;;;My husband (45) was diagnosed with ADHD last year but he brushed it off, it wasn't until our daughter was diagnosed that it hit me that he is ABSOLUTELY 100% adhd.   But this is just yet another task for him to do which requires more nagging from me.  All the barriers to getting help according to him: 1. He has no time to call: yes, his schedule at work is packed. But he goes in after dropping the kids off to school, I'm more than fine being late to my job to handle the kids so he can make the call in the morning before going to work.  2. He has no time for appointments: he works 70 miles away (yeah he's never home pretty much, always in traffic). I told him that if he can get a morning appointment before work, I'll take the kids. Alternatively my psychiatrist takes patients on weekends, it's out of his healthcare network but I will pay effing $325 just for this to get handled!!  3. He can't find any psychiatrists nearby in his health network: I googled. I found them. I sent them. Twice. Apparently I need to send by email or else he won't find them.   4. Medication doesn't work: he has taken meds to treat depression, not adhd. And he has to actually make an effort to find the right one, not just quit when he doesn't like one and throw his hands in the air.  In the end, it's all just more half assed attempts with me having to continuously mother him to do it.  There is zero chance he will do CBT therapy. The best I'll get is medication but for him to work with a psychiatrist to try something out, continuously work till the right drug is found...that's like a pipe dream that he will do this unless I'm REALLY on top of it.  I work full time. I have 2 small kids, one with autism and one with adhd. I barely do my own job because during the day I have to do administrative household stuff to keep everything afloat for the family.    My mental load has hit the max ages ago.  Is there hope? Am I an asshole if I give up? I want to tell him he has one year to get his crap together (or at least, be making serious efforts for more than just a week) or else this marriage is done. I'm only still here for the kids and because losing this house would devastate me.
5a93eaf760a635fed82c71261a114ac0263e7bfd5bd988814cfb4c93db9a164c;;;I just want a grownup relationship;;;Another evening where I'm trying to coordinate household stuff with my husband (because its 50/50 if I'll even see him when he gets home late if he passes out), he gets hypersensitive when I ask if he's looking up the date of something on his phone, tells me I'm pissing him off and storms out.  Knowing now that this is ADHD (untreated) makes it so much more emotional because it's NOT me. So I just sit in the room crying, a few minutes later he storms in to brush his teeth and accuse me of things I didnt say, I'm like "I'm asking for clarification, that's a valid thing to do" and he proceeds to berate me some more for simply asking (because I didnt pause long enough apparently between questions) and storms out.  Can I please have an adult relationship?!!! One where we can just discuss things, normal everyday things without him being in a "mood" that leads to a tantrum?  Whenever he cries, I immediately break down and apologize and try to make it better. But if I'm sitting here crying, he just storms in to bitch at me some more and then storm out. Like he's pissed that I'm crying, it just adds to the things that annoy him. Normally I hide it but tonight I didnt care.  I've been with him for 18 years, I have a jaded view that all relationships with me will be like this. Is it possible to just have a normal relationship that doesn't involve adult tantrums?!!
