5c0a6e97fa61e66035524094b0c2fdb5815e15260335f30c6c579c963ba538db;;;Seeking Validation online;;;Did anyone deal with their partners seeking validation with online talking to women / men ?!! My fiancé just got diagnosed with ADHD and after finding out he was talking to women over social media online for attention .. he Is Hysterical telling me  to was bc of his  low self-esteem and him feeling alone all the time.I don’t know if this is a bad habit that he would be able to grow out of  or an addiction all right he ever even be able to remain faithful staying in a committed relationship if that’s what you’re seeking for the last five years. :(  [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ikv34f)
5c0a6e97fa61e66035524094b0c2fdb5815e15260335f30c6c579c963ba538db;;;Adhd hyperactive;;;Hi!   I’ve my fiancé and I have been together for five years, (engaged for two) We we were supposed to be married this June but due to Covid we had to postpone. We bought a  house together in 2018 than... Boom!! It all changed. Our intimacy was slim to none (sex life) especially,  I never felt so disconnected from him. He’s very loving, and compassionate... but I knew something was off with him instantly.I’ve never felt so disconnected in my relationship and it was only getting worse. This last year I’ve been Begging him to communicate with me, I basically got nowhere. His demeanor towards me completely changed. I told him Our only hope is to go to couples counseling, to save this relationship. After seeing A psychiatrist within the last eight months. In March he had gotten diagnosed with ADHD-Hyper focused. before getting diagnosed he had used substance For a long time And then stopped and got into pornography. He was so ashamed of himself he distance himself from me. The more he had to lie the more he had to hide them or he had to hide them or he felt guilty. Gaslighting me, argumentative, It even started to became toxic. He was even Not being fully truthful when we went to therapy because of all the shame and guilt. That he never wanted to face.. (awful I know )Mind you I’m planning a wedding at the same time feeling like I’m being cheated on ? He was also going on social media and grabbing intention from other females so they can make him feel good about himself. Bc of His self-esteem was so low,He says he felt so lonely all the time. Because he didn’t feel it within himself. He knew this was so abnormal and he wanted it to go away even though he was engaging in it. If I knew the real him he felt like I wouldn’t let him so he lied to me. I feel so betrayed by him in so many ways. When I found out what he was doing on social media. The tables turned real fast. Now he’s willing to open up and express his emotions like never before. My problem is I have been so caring and loving... that I put my needs aside to help him always All I did was give give give and he takes takes takes. I had to go through his privacy to find out the real truth. Now that I removed myself I need some time away to heal.. from all of this chaotic Mess.When I needed him crying to talk to me he was unable too. But now finding the truth that I had to find for myself it wasn’t even comin from him  everything changed. Now he’s willing to completely open up to me, buying books looking into ADHD and really taking this seriously. I almost feel like if I go back to him is this just going to be a vicious cycle. Where he gets me back and then hyper focuses on something else? Because that’s always what I feel like...Having an emotional whatever on the Internet plus pornography and we’re supposed to be exchanging vows has completely broken my heart. I’m not even sure if he’s able to sustain this relationship... considering I feel like he’s hyper sexual end it was never with me. Now he wants to put in all the work when it’s too late. Any advice is much appreciated because I’m ready to walk out on him. I deserve to be in a loving committed relationship who is fully devoted to me, not someone who comes and goes
