5ce2a8d4c13fae00a229de0956074014aaaa1fd784036732dc5d4c8a3f586dc9;;;Need a different perspective;;;We’re both 23.   We’ve been together for 4 years, give or take a few months of separation.  First of all, I love my boyfriend. He makes me laugh, gives excellent advice, and we can talk all day about just about anything. Neither of us have run out of things to talk about. We can make jokes about anything.   But, for years, it seems that I’ve been struggling with his lack of emotional support when it comes to our relationship, and honestly, I don’t think I can take it anymore. I don’t want to end the relationship, but the initial “rewards” I mentioned just aren’t enough anymore.   It just feels like I’ve exercised an immense amount of patience for his issues, gave him the benefit of the doubt so many times, all to receive the cold shoulder, irritability, and complete lack of empathy when I confront him on how he makes me feel. I’m expected to work around his issues, which is expected with someone with ADHD, but when I ask for understanding and at least some patience for my own separate issues (and issues with him), he’s just so annoyed.  It’s like, on my end, I’m his biggest fan, but to him, I’m just someone he’s dating. I understand he may show his love differently, but at what point will I receive the same accommodations to how I feel?   Here’s an example:  Growing up, I had 3 other siblings and we shared one bathroom. I HATED when they accidentally used my towel or washcloth. It sounds trivial, but it’s just one of my “irrational things”.   Now of course, he has ADHD, so I pretty much let it go. For YEARS, I let this go. But he moved back in with me during quarantine, so my own space was gone again.   Most of the time, I let it go. But this time, I said “you did it again.”   His response is, “just accept that I’m gonna use your things.” Mind you, we share EVERYTHING else, so for me to only have this one quirk(?) I feel isn’t asking too much. And although it sounds petty, I realized that’s how he’s been treating me the entire relationship.  “Just accept this and deal with it.”  Idk I’m just venting and I don’t have anyone to talk to about it.   Of course he’s made accommodations and has gotten better and has apologized, but it took years so I’m left to deal with the psychological effects with vacillating empathy. Apologizing isn’t enough when some of those same habits are still there. And he says, “ I think the world of you, etc” but being emotionally selfish is the worst way to show it.  *sigh* I guess I’m asking if there’s still hope, or is there a different perspective?
