5ce79f4cffbf6415e6cf000a57da818fc275b632b8b9cb71e762aab5ba5e0668;;;Partner keeps forgetting my personal boundaries but wants to work on it - both feeling hopeless, need advice;;;I've (25F) been dating my partner (25M) for about seven months now. I have depression, anxiety, and a trauma background, and he has severe ADHD, a trauma background, and a history of depression. I'm on Zoloft for my symptoms, and he's on Adderall for his. We come from really different backgrounds (he's white and grew up outside Detroit with conservative Christian parents, and I'm Indian and grew up in a rich household in the suburbs).  I care about him deeply and think he's a wonderful person - caring, funny, and incredibly smart. He helps me to work through my trauma and helps me build self-confidence, encourages me to take care of myself and try new things (I tend to stick to what I know), and is willing to admit when he's wrong and puts in a tremendous amount of effort to understand me and my needs.  He's selfless and forgiving and thoughtful and kind, and helps me stay calm when my anxiety starts to take over.  We have a ton of differences too though, and they're putting an enormous strain on our relationship. From his side (short of him typing this): he grew up with parents who constantly made him feel like a disappointment, and physically and emotionally abused him; they also never got him help for his ADHD. From my side: I grew up with abusive parents and had abusive partners in the past, and therefore tend to be mistrustful of people as a default until I feel secure enough to trust them. I'm also very strict about my personal boundaries (physical, especially) and need them to be consistently respected to feel safe.   However, issues around those boundaries come up really often. As far as physical boundaries go, sex-wise - there have been times where I've said things like "I don't think I'm ready for x" or "I don't like it when you x", and he says he understands, but then he forgets and does the thing I asked him not to do. He apologizes, says he extremely sorry and/or truly misunderstood what I said (case by case) and wants to better respect my boundaries, and that he'll get better at it with time. I keep reminding myself that he's genuinely apologizing and trying to work on it, but when this keeps happening (especially when it's fine for a stretch and suddenly happens again), I feel really unsafe and start to spiral about whether I'm being taken advantage of or overreacting, and like I have to constantly be on guard to remind him before it can happen again.  This sort of thing also happens with the kinds of jokes that he makes (racial ones or ones at my expense) where I'll tell him that I'd rather he didn't crack jokes about Indian people around me, and he'll slip up and make one - apologizing after and saying that he didn't think the joke he made was that offensive/he finds it really hard to censor himself, and that he's super liberal and thought that I'd know that he wasn't being serious because of that, but that he understands that it's important to me and that he'll work on it. It seems like we have really different ideas of what makes an offensive joke offensive, and I'm struggling to find a way to compromise there.  Boundaries aside, I feel like often when I'm talking, he isn't paying attention - it's like he's looking off into space or doesn't say anything at all, and I have to repeat myself a few times. Or, if I'm sharing a story, he doesn't seem as engaged as I'd hope (doesn't ask questions, etc), or sometimes hears an opinion of mine and straight up tells me that it's wrong, when I feel like both of our opinions are valid. It's just a general sense of feeling like I'm not being heard/his instinct is to negate my opinion for some reason (small stuff - like for example, I'll make some theory about the X Files while we're watching, and he'll just shoot it down without really hearing it). I've talked to him about this and he says he definitely sees where I'm coming from, and wants to curb those behaviors, and that for him his brain's like a TV with the channels flipping back and forth constantly - so, he doesn't mean to ignore me or belittle me, he's just used to talking a certain way based on how he's grown up and because of his ADHD and he's actively trying to change.  He's also said that he sometimes wants to take a long time to think before he responds to me, because he knows we have different ideas of what an offensive joke is and doesn't want to say something that would hurt me. I don't want him to feel constantly self-censored and we've talked about that, but he says that he thinks I help him be more emotionally attuned and that it's a positive change.  But, it's been months, and I feel constantly on guard for the next time that he forgets a physical or emotional boundary. When I feel like he isn't paying attention while I'm talking or negates small things I say, I feel defeated and ignored, and at worst, overly sensitive/needy and burdensome. I feel bad for getting angry about something that he might not be able to fully control, and don't know how to balance that with my need for boundaries. I end up feeling numb or resentful, waiting for the next issue to crop up despite talking about it at length.  I should add that other issues that we've gone through have definitely improved (like, feeling like I have to do the brunt of the work to reconcile during fights - he does a lot to work through issues with me now, and I feel very secure in that). He also reaches out to me more now, and genuinely makes me feel very cared about in ways that I haven't felt in past relationships. It breaks my heart because I can tell that he's trying very hard to remember my boundaries, and feels very helpless when he forgets them. I don't know how to help him remember, and I also don't want to have to constantly be alert and in the position of having to remind him.  I don't know what to do, because the level of stress I'm feeling about this is not sustainable and I don't want both of us feeling miserable about this indefinitely. I also don't want to break up with him if this is something that can be fixed. I've read this [book](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007N2XMA8/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_d_asin_title_o01?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1) and it's helpful, but it hasn't helped me with finding a way to balance my need for boundaries with flexibility/understanding for his ADHD. Any (kind) advice would be appreciated.
