5f6e08ad614609b58c34badfeaa550836f57761ce9a3f8905b8713ef6638445e;;;Does he even hear me?;;;Is this an ADHD thing? Does this happen to anyone else? There are times when he's so fixated on doing something that he ignores me completely, ignores my needs, ignores what I'm saying, just plows ahead blindly as if I don't exist. It makes me feel invisible and unloved.  A couple extreme examples: on a big trip while I was 6 months pregnant, he planned a hectic itinerary that ended up involving TEN hours straight of walking. By hour 6, I was tired, and asked him if we could take a break so I could rest. He seemed to hear me but didn't act on it. As more hours ticked by, at first I thought I'd asked too nicely and he didn't understand the urgency. I got increasingly pleading and upset in begging him to let me rest. I didn't want to be left behind on a random street in a foreign country, so I kept toddling along. He never stopped. Finally, at 10 hours when he'd worn the rest of our group out too, one of his family members made him promise that this last place we were going to would be our final stop, and that we'd take a taxi back to the hotel. He promised. After we went to that site, he really pushed for us all to keep walking, and got very angry when we took a taxi. He insisted on walking back alone. The next day, I fainted at our first stop. I was beyond exhausted but he just couldn't register that. I ended up going back to the hotel alone and spending the day alone because his day 2 itinerary was more important to him that worrying about me.  Right now, we're having an issue with Christmas. We are supposed to travel out of state to spend it with his family this year. I will be 36 weeks pregnant, and we've known for months this might be iffy. He promised it would be my call. At my last doctor's appointment, she advised me against it. I told him I was so sorry, but I just wasn't up for the long drive. And... it's been like I haven't said anything. For the last week he's plowed ahead planning our trip. Nothing I say makes a difference. He's tried a million different tactics to force my hand or manipulate me into going, including telling me our drive will just be a test drive and we can turn around at any time. (Somehow I don't think he'd follow through on that...) It's driving me to craziness, because I tell him I can't go but it doesn't seem to register at all.  I'm hurt, I'm confused, I feel so ignored... I don't understand how he can just write me off like this. Is this just a part of ADHD? Is he hyperfocusing on the trip or something? I don't know what to think.
5f6e08ad614609b58c34badfeaa550836f57761ce9a3f8905b8713ef6638445e;;;How to survive the transition to parenthood;;;All the ADHD relationship books that I've read warned that things could get really, really hard when you have your first kid. I tried to prepare for that. But... man. Before baby, things were already so slanted and I had so much on my back. Add a baby to that, and my life has finally fallen to pieces. I have more on my plate than is humanly possible to do. I keep begging my husband for help, and bless him, he is trying to be better. But his efforts have lifted so little off me that it's made little difference to my life, and now he is so bitter than I am not more appreciative of what he does.  I have tried so hard to stagger on under my load, but it's taking a toll. This really came home earlier this week when I actually passed out--I'd pushed my body farther than it can go. But my husband refuses to believe it has any connection to that. He thinks I must have been dehydrated or maybe depressed, but that his demands on me are not unreasonable. All week I have been totally crashed and physically drained. I've spent most days at my parents' home where they take care of baby and try to help me rest. My boss agreed to let me take some unpaid time off since I used all my sick leave on maternity leave. Everyone has been really understanding, except my husband, who keeps urging me to get back to work or to come home to get dinner on the table.   My situation is a bit extreme, but I know transitioning to parenthood with an ADHD spouse is often hard because so much falls on you that you can't keep up anymore. Anyone out there have any encouraging words or tips on how we can get through this?
5f6e08ad614609b58c34badfeaa550836f57761ce9a3f8905b8713ef6638445e;;;How do we get help?;;;My husband was diagnosed as a child, and he had a really bad experience on his meds back in the early 2000's. In his early twenties, he suffered from depression, and had bad experiences seeing a counselor.  Here we are in 2019. Things have been particularly bad lately--bad with his ADHD and potentially OCD on top of it (assuming he inherited both things from his father and not just ADHD). Last weekend it got to the point where he was so frustrated with himself and wishing he could change. But he is absolutely not willing to consider medications or counseling. He doesn't want any kind of professional help. He just thinks he needs to be stricter with himself, and that I need to help him more.  But I can't manage his ADHD for him. I really think we need help. I know there isn't a magic bullet, but surely with some help, things could be better than they have been.  Has anyone else been in this position? How did you convince your significant other to get help? Are there baby steps we should start with?
5f6e08ad614609b58c34badfeaa550836f57761ce9a3f8905b8713ef6638445e;;;When your partner copes with ADHD by controlling everything--looking for resources;;; My husband was diagnosed in childhood, but after a terrible experience with meds in middle school has remained untreated. I've been trying to really read up on ADHD so I can better understand him and some of the challenges we are facing.  I stumbled across this article that describes him really well:  [https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-marriage-advice-husband-symptoms/](https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-marriage-advice-husband-symptoms/)  He tries to control his ADHD by staying very strictly organized, and by being extremely strict in how he spends money. Unfortunately... sometimes that results in him trying to control me, too, and that's something I really struggle with.   So far I haven't come across any other sources that really go into detail about this aspect of ADHD. Does anyone know of any? I think it would really help me if I could find more.
