624dc5fe0fbb9e0bf2e43f5321994ed428b5cb8dbddfb8b6255c39e152a90332;;;Working from home is making my partner's ADHD symptoms so much worse... Just need to vent;;;My partner (we're both women; been together 5 years) has been working from home since March because of covid. It seems unlikely that her company will have them come back to the office for at least a few more months. The lack of that structure from not physically going to the office is wreaking havoc on BOTH of our mental health. Her symptoms have been out of control. She's always messy and forgetful but it's worse than normal. And because she's trapped inside all day, she has all this energy with nowhere to go and she ends up not falling asleep until 2am or later. I'm sick of going to bed alone. I work 2 jobs for shit money, and one of them is so stressful right now that I cried in the break room the other day. It feels like whenever I'm not working, I'm at home doing all of the housework and cleaning up all her messes. I am so tired. Yesterday I worked from 6:30 am to 5 pm, then went to the grocery store to get things to make a nice Christmas Eve dinner, and I got drenched in the rain. Then I got home and threw together a quick dinner, and this morning, Christmas Eve, I spent the last hour cleaning up the kitchen and a bunch of her little messes. She's still asleep. I'm awake so early because her phone alarm kept going off and she kept hitting snooze instead of turning the alarm off, and got mad when I told her to give me the phone so I could turn it off myself. We have already had arguments before about the stupid phone alarms. She is already on the maximum dose of Vyvanse. I feel so unappreciated and disrespected for everything I do to try and maintain our household while working as much as she does but for about 60% of the income, which is so demoralizing, and then makes me feel like I SHOULD be the one taking on hours and hours of housework a week since she brings in so much more income. I actually would like to do couple's therapy, but I don't know how that would even be possible to try and make work with 3 job schedules, and we probably can't afford it anyway. I'm afraid I'm going to absolutely explode soon and I don't want to be screaming at my girlfriend for something I know she does actually try about.
