628422737288b1ff01b81ecaec7735f53f657ab34acbae2ccb443bf734986758;;;Is it the adhd or something else?;;;So I’ve been dating this person for a little while now who had adhd but not too too badly, and they regularly see a psychiatrist and take their meds and everything ao thats not an issue.  I also have mental health issues that cause me to have very turbulent moods and mis-react to things a lot. My problem is that it feels like they are really negative about everything, and don’t really care about my life and how i feel.  And I can’t tell if it’s me reacting poorly over the last 6ish months, or their brains fighting them in ways i dont understand, or just that my SO is a dick and theres nothing to be done about it.   For example, every time i want to do something, and they don’t, we don’t do it because “it’s [their] weekend and [theyre] so busy all the time, [they] just want the weekend to be a nice time for [them]” which i can understand of course.  I wouldn’t want to spend my weekends doing things with i dislike all the time either.  But if there is something they want to do, and I don’t, we have to do it anyways for exactly the same reason.   Or frequently they say its such a nice thing that I’m barely a person in their minds anymore because im not draining on them/they don’t have to have that public mask on, which again makes perfect sense to me.  I too categorise them in the same way because being with them os almost like being alone, but not lonely.  But, I’m really introverted, while they are very extroverted.  And while i can sometimes be okay with a party or a large crowd, they refuse to do things just us half the time, and say things like “I don’t want to be bored the entire time” when i say i want to do something just us.  I can’t tell if I’m overthinking things or reacting poorly, or if its just a product of the adhd talking that makes it sound so much like “being with you is boring, id rather do anything else” all the time, or if my SO is just actually someone who isn’t right to be with at this point in my life.
