67ec9e434c9e6675123f3ef6b188760e6c36e99160316c58b1151fd8961a0df0;;;My SO depressed and it’s amplifying her ADHD.;;;Hello everyone, I hope this is the right place for this.   My gf is depressed. I have MDD/ working on getting evaluated for bipolar (it’s been a hell of a year, y’all) and I’m in treatment and finally slowly getting better. In my own funks, I didn’t notice the severity of how  bad / pervasive my gf’s depression had gotten, because I was in no state to care for myself, never mind another person. Now that I’m in recovery, I’m noticing the gravity / severity of what my gf is going through.   And most pervasive and what alters her mood the most is how exacerbated her ADHD has gotten in recent months, how she can’t focus, can’t remember anything, at times can’t even finish a sentence without getting distracted. She loses track of time like you wouldn’t believe and all together these things are affecting her job. This is becoming more frequent. Then she gets frustrated and is really hard on herself, which cues the depressive self loathing spiral. I’ve suggested therapy or that she see a doctor, and she keeps putting it off, which I understand. I, myself, am just now coming around to working on my own shit, so I get that it can take a bit for someone to finally come around to getting treatment. That’s not the issue here at all.   In the interim, and if she changes her mind again, I’m looking for what I can do to support her through this. I’m comfortable with the types of support she wants/needs re: depression, informed largely because of my own experience with it, but I don’t know how to help with the ADHD symptoms. She gets overwhelmed with lists and life-organizing activities, so the things that help me get my life back together are too overwhelming and overstimulating for her. This weekend we were supposed to do a big deep spring cleaning but she was overwhelmed and ended up panicking about where to start and what to do, and worked herself up to migraine level stress. I let her know it was okay, and that she should relax and try to sleep it off after some ibuprofen. She did, took a lovely nap on the couch, while I did the day’s scheduled spring cleaning.   This doesn’t bother me in the slightest. She picked up the slack when I was in a deep deep episode, and I’m happy to do the same. The issue is, every time she wants to work on herself, she gets too overwhelmed and ends up just frozen. I want to encourage her, but don’t know what to do to support her while she deals with the amplified ADHD symptoms and how or where to begin. Any thoughts?   TL;DR the title says it all.
