682b3f210fc907628daad376c7c0a75da38f91ef1fb145ff28108e0ac918390e;;;A guy I had been talking to pushed me away;;;I met this guy through the language exchange website. We live in different countries but we clicked, enjoyed talking and decided to talk and see what will happen until we meet in real. He was planning to move to study in my country this year but he could not do it because of corona so I'm not sure when he will come here. We had been talking for 8 months.  A problem is that he was really busy because he had 2 jobs so he messaged and called me less and less. It made me insecure and I asked him if I annoyed him a lot even though he said I didn't.   Until last week, we enjoyed talking but I got insecure so I told him sorry if I did something wrong. He said that I didn't but it annoyed him when I asked him that. And he said that he didn't understand why I think he hated me when he's busy. I said I felt bad because I asked him too much if he can call me. Then he said maybe we should have some space if he kept causing these problems. I told him that he didn't cause problems but no replies from him so I messaged him again if he wanna talk about a problem we had two days later. He said that he wanted to have some space because he's really struggling. He started drinking more so he gotta make himself together. I asked him if he seriously sees a time in the future we can work. He said maybe but he's really struggling with what the future looks like so he's not sure. Then, I asked him if he wants to keep talking to me. He said that not for now but maybe in the future. It made me upset so I decided to block him to move on.   I still don't know if blocking him was the right choice (I didn't block him on the language website but he didn't message me so I'm sure he doesn't care anymore) but I had to do it to move on... I wanted to wait for him but he said that he didn't wanna talk to me anymore. I still don't know why this happened suddenly like he changed his attitude. Maybe he likes someone else...  Has anyone experienced something like this? What should I do now?
