6bc2ea3699982eb34eb89541b7952fb043e38f820bfea86dbccbbe9ced75d571;;;Reaching the end of my rope;;;Recently discovered this sub and oh my gosh, it makes my whole relationship make so much more sense. First time poster looking for a little advice.  As seems to be a common trend, my partner and I (both early 20s, me non-ADHD, they’re NDX) started off super fast and intense and as the newness wore off, so did the intensity of our relationship. At this point it’s dissolved into what feels like just roommates who sleep in the same bed at night. We’ve been together for about 1.5 years, and roughly around the 1 year mark, we just started having so many arguments over stupid things that were definitely stemming from other unresolved issues elsewhere.  At that point we started couples therapy and have been doing that for about 3 months now. Our communication in general has gotten better, but I’m realizing that some of the things I really want out of a relationship are things my partner claims they “just can’t do” though I think it could definitely be worked on.  For example, it gets really frustrating when I’m trying to talk about something seriously, and they start making jokes or poking at me to try and tickle me and it feels like they’re either ignoring me or trying to get out of the conversation. I also struggle to find ways to keep their attention in less serious conversation, as I get constantly interrupted before I can finish a thought, or the subject gets changed to something tangentially related. They tell me the interruptions are inevitable because it’s going to drive them nuts if they can’t get it out right then and there. All I want is to sit down and have a reasonable conversation where I can get a whole train of thought out before being interrupted, having the subject changed, or whatever else pops up in their head.  That’s just one of the few examples but this is getting long already. Any advice on how to handle situations like these? Or am I just wasting my time and life trying to help if they aren’t willing to change?
