6bc257df988574c3ac21eb9a43e8dc8aaf1db028ab45bfa2c2673d38be9f8488;;;Not sure how I should feel;;;Hello! I’m currently in a relatively new relationship with someone with ADHD (Dx/med), and this is my first time dating someone with ADHD (and first time really getting to know someone with ADHD). I’m not sure how I am supposed to be feeling about some of the things that happen because logically I know it’s because of my partner’s ADHD, but it’s hard to not let it get to me. I’m not sure what to do.   My partner has a tendency to say they will do something (like call to talk or watch something) and never follow through. We have a time set (ex: after work) too. So when that time comes, I am usually left waiting because they don’t tell me that plans changed and they can’t call. We, unfortunately, can’t really see each other because of COVID and also we don’t live in the same area. (We go to the same college so we saw each other a lot then.) So calling or video calling is basically the only way I can ever see them.   We do text.. but this brings up another thing that makes me feel sad. Our texting conversations are choppy at best with big gaps between each of their responses. In a way, I guess I feel forgotten or ignored. My partner does tell me that they love and miss me, but with the actions not really lining up, it makes me feel worse sometimes. With calling essentially non existent and texting twice a day if I’m lucky, I just feel sad and disconnected from them, but I’m not sure if I should be.   I read some articles about a relationship between someone and someone without ADHD, and it explained why things like this happen. I also talked to about this three times with my partner. So far, nothing has really changed. I don’t want to keep bringing it up either... Should I just grow thicker skin and adjust? I’m not sure what to do or how to feel. I feel sad and defeated, but I don’t think it’s my partners fault. So feeling that way makes me upset at myself. I can’t tell if I’m being too clingy and expecting too much or if how I’m feeling is justified.   I’m not sure if this paints my partner in a bad light, but they are a wonderful person. I really want this relationship to work, and I think they do too... I’m just not sure how to navigate anything.
6bc257df988574c3ac21eb9a43e8dc8aaf1db028ab45bfa2c2673d38be9f8488;;;Distance between between me and my partner (DX med) is only increasing;;;My partner and I are essentially in a long distance relationship. It has been about two months since we last saw each other in person. Recently, it seems as though my partner has completely forgotten about me. It takes them over 24 hours to respond to me and all the little things that they did (sending pictures of random things that reminded them of me, good morning texts, etc.) all stopped. It really came out nowhere. I feel so disconnected from my partner. It’s like they aren’t even a part of my life anymore.   We talked about it two days ago, but yet again the cycle continues. They say that they love me and seemed distraught that I thought they were trying to break the relationship without saying anything. They said they would talk to me if they actually wanted to end our relationship. We used to have problems with communication, but we navigated through it. But now it’s way worse. I can easily scroll to get to messages from two weeks ago, but before it would take awhile to simply get through one day of messages. I don’t know how to interpret this at all. I just feel so forgotten. 24 hours pass... am I really not thought about at all? Is this something that I should just accept that will happen? I feel so much doubt.. is it even a relationship if your partner is hardly in your life?
