6d59c959b720059cc3b08b503f0b51c7fa22f55685439e21032855db5ace5e28;;;Handling GF's Constant Phone Use?;;;My GF (DX 2x weeks ago) was diagnosed and prescribed Ritalin last week. We've been together 2 years+. She runs an online business and has been the bread winner thus far.  Since all her work revolves around finding new clients online and finding them on social media, she is always on her phone. Sometimes for work and sometimes not (talking to friends). She likes to argue a lot with people online, and it bothered me so I quit social media. She also got back into League of Legends (a video game).  I'm a law graduate taking an exam soon. When we have dinner, she's on her phone. When we talk, the phone is always around her. In bed, she looks at the phone. I feel like when I try to talk to her, her attention is on the 10+ other people communicating with her on the phone. I've learned that entrepreneurs don't really have "work hours" because their business is their life.   I try not to say anything because she is again, the bread winner. I know she is also leaving me alone because of my studying, but when we do have time together, it feels very empty.   I'm so deeply unhappy with our relationship because sometimes I just want her to hold me in silence but that's difficult for her to do. I want her to just listen to me when I want to tell her how I feel but I can tell it takes a lot of effort to keep that focus (always pacing back and forth/tapping).  I feel like there isn't a relationship anymore between the two of us. It feels like a relationship with me, her, and all the other people on social media because work, video games, random wiki articles, and internet arguments are so much more interesting to her than me. Sometimes I want to smash her phone.  I want to learn patience because she did just get diagnosed and did just get medication. She's done a lot to understand more about ADHD and I know expecting our relationship to improve after some 1.5 weeks on medicine is unrealistic.   Any tips?
