6d8e1823853b53692216c25eda72f792ccf8e6efa4fda4df58e978f8a0226265;;;Looking for closure;;;My ex is diagnosed with add and throughout the relationship trust came up as a big theme. I am NT and had no idea that memory issues were common with add with respect to forgetting conversations or misspeaking. For the first few months of the relationship I honestly thought he was gaslighting me and lying and changing stories. He would also get quite defensive when I called him on these inconsistencies. Sometimes, his reasons for why he said a certain things would change. He chalks this up to not remembering the conversation and trying to fill in the gaps. Sometimes he would bring up reasons for doing or saying something and I would tell him that the reason made no sense and he would agree and say that the reason actually did not apply and he was just trying to talk through his logic in real time.   There were some odd situations in the relationship where he insists he doesn't have a memory of the event, even a moment later (him rolling over and rolling me onto him when we were cuddling, then when I asked him why he did that since we had agreed not to have sex, he said he was in a super relaxed state and in the moment and must not have been aware of his movements when he rolled over and was actually confused about how I got on top of him). He said he had no memory of the actual rolling over because he must have been on autopilot so the movement never got committed to memory. He got incredibly upset when I accused him of lying about this. To me it seemed ridiculous that you would roll over while holding someone and be unaware of your movements but he said that these sorts of unconscious shifts in position were normal for him if he was tired and relaxed.  We have broken up due to these trust issues. I feel like I can't tell the difference between when he is telling a small lie due to being insecure vs what is actually add. He is a smart guy in general, not some bumbling fool but yet when these situations came up there was always some reasoning that I didn't understand how his brain works and that his intentions were not to lie or mislead me.
