71e529e3ac96de45692c0d78ebeac2b6d4e8df06556d997f6fe5bc54360129c0;;;help needed please!!!;;;I need advice about an ADHD relationship. The individual in question has lovely qualities such as being spontaneous, creative, interesting to talk to, non-judgemental but there are huge problems too. I want to stay in the relationship but need some help from this community.  Here are the following problems.  1. He can say really hurtful things from time to time that put me down. I let it pass for 24 hours then bring it up. He immediately backs down and is caring. I'm not even aware sometimes of why he has said such things - it's like at the time of saying he was trying to get a rise out of me. 2. If I see him every few weekends, which is normally the case because it's a long distance relationship then we have a great time. If we live with each other for weeks at a time during the holiday periods then his general sense of frustration and irritability really gets me down because he's like an energy vampire. I get that is ADHD makes being out and about really disorienting and overwhelming but he always wants to stay in and watch TV or listen to music. The pretty much constant low moods really gets to me. He talks about how he has really fun times with his mates but I'm not sure I believe this since I know what he's like with me. 3. When he's feeling ok then we speak fairly regularly on the phone. When he's going through periods of high stress then he doesn't reply to messages or ring me back. This really hurts. 4. He is quite reserved and doesn't want to depend on anyone. But the irony of this is that he constantly uses people to get what he needs e.g. work colleagues, friends, family etc. I wish he could be more open about his needs so that I could help him. 5. He plays down the ADHD saying it's not that bad but it is. The denial is killing me because he doesn't see what I see.  &amp;#x200B;  All in all I feel confused. He tells me he loves me etc but his actions and words don't show this a lot of the time, which is why I feel insecure in the relationship.  &amp;#x200B;  Partners of people with ADHD -- do you sometimes thing that you are the only person who gets treated that way, and that your partner treats other people much better? Or do you think that your ADHD partner cannot help himself/herself and treats everyone the same way?  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks
