721af996a73b77c82af5114c4f6e5e2dafabb7242d586613394544ad264918a7;;;How can I be a more supportive partner? All my efforts are seen as surface level, fake, or even selfish...;;;Alright, this is going to get long &amp; I'm sorry.  &amp;#x200B;  TLDR: Partner has ADHD &amp; doesn't acknowledge any of my efforts to support/help. Tells me I'm being selfish and shaming him, no matter what I say/do. Things will be fine for a while, then it all blows up &amp; he shifts blame to me/my problems. Seeking advice.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm just at a loss here... no matter what I do it's not good enough, it's not making an effort, it's not understanding. Apparently I'm only selfish and not a supportive partner.  &amp;#x200B;  He has ADHD (DX, not treated; he is on a wait list for counseling &amp; had done counseling years ago with some success); I do not (but I've got my own set of problems, which I do need to work through &amp; also get counseling).  &amp;#x200B;  I thought things have been going well between us for a while. The last few weeks he has been high stress/anxiety, which tends to manifest itself physically (the shakes). I have no idea how to help with that, how to fix it...I'm just here. Rubbing his legs, back, or neck used to help. Now they are kind of just "motions," but I don't know what else to do and neither does he. Or at least when I ask he says he doesn't know, and then tends to get irritated. Sexual release can help, but that's tricky for me because when he gets the shakes, his ADHD is spiraling and his ability to focus is minimal. We already have mismatched sex drives, and his lack of focus can make things take way longer than I am interested in (I'm talking like an hour of repetitive non-intercourse/focus on his release activities, which eventually becomes boring/unfun for me). That is another issue in itself &amp; I'm trying to be more attentive there.  &amp;#x200B;  However, I still think we've been managing his recent high-level of symptoms well. I think we are getting along well. Then tonight he comes at me with attitude for something (not getting into specifics, it was a small thing), and I'm a little overly sensitive at the current moment, so I take offense (I didn't "use my words" and left the room which led to us having a 1-2 hour text argument in the middle of the night). He doesn't think there was any attitude in his voice, and when I say he was "yelling" (which to me can be a tone, not just volume), he tells me I'm being crazy and overreacting. He then goes on to tell me how I'm a horrible partner &amp; am playing the victim; how I don't understand what he is going through or make any effort; how our relationship is a sham &amp; I make everything worse by relying on him/using him/forcing him to be the adult... all of this in overarching generalities or large scale points (like I need to be better with my money, our finances are split however; or how I'm not getting healthy/losing weight, but he literally only means working out at a gym and not any other efforts made towards being healthy like walking multiple miles per day, doing yoga &amp; aerobics at home, eating healthy, etc). Basically dredging up anything he can from our past (we've been together over a decade), although he likes to also claim there are recent things.  &amp;#x200B;   I finally get a recent example out of him, other than my "mood swing," and apparently my doing a chore in it's entirety in one session the previous day is not understanding his ADHD. I'm apparently not understanding that he needs to work in small doses, because I didn't let him. We function differently here. If something is bugging me, especially cleaning-wise, I like to just get it done. I turned down his help because I wanted something to get done right away, so that makes me not understanding? I wasn't complaining, I didn't nag him (I HATE to nag/remind him, part of why I'll do something myself if I can), but because I turned down his help &amp; said I'd rather just finish it I'm not understanding. I don't know how to react to this... It was a simple chore. Was I wrong saying I didn't need his help? Did I overstep by explaining why I was doing it myself?  &amp;#x200B;  It just seems like I'm constantly on trial to prove myself to him...prove I'm making an effort, prove I'm understanding of his ADHD and how it impacts him. I don't know how to help with or fix the shakes...he doesn't either. I mentioned I feel bad even asking him, and he got pissed at me for making his ADHD about me! What?! I just meant I think it's unfair to put that pressure on him, and I do feel bad doing it, but is that really me being selfish?  &amp;#x200B;  Sometimes he is incapable of making his own meal...usually due to the shakes, but sometimes whatever other aspect of ADHD might be impacting him. So I'll cook for him (I do that a lot regardless of his ADHD). The only time that really annoys me is when he can't decide what to eat. I realize the decision making aspect can be hard, but I can also only make so many suggestions that he says no to (and usually the more I ask, suggest, pester...however he sees it...the snappier his replies). Add to that, that he is very schedule-focused (helps him cope &amp; stay on task). As it gets later into the night we are approaching too late to eat without disrupting his schedule, and not eating dinner is also not good for him because it still is a schedule disrupt.  &amp;#x200B;  Admission: I am horrible at being on time. It's probably my worst offense &amp; biggest trigger for his ADHD. I do try, but I really could probably make a bigger effort here. I know this, I own this, and I need to do better. Our definition of on time differs (me: actual time, him: 15 minutes before actual time), but I know this and I need to be more conscientious.   &amp;#x200B;  I know he needs to do large scale tasks in small doses, but I work the opposite (almost to the point of obsession until something is complete). Sometimes that's not a problem &amp; he does a task at his own pace. Other times I do it myself. I don't take over, or blame him; it's more of a not asking for help situation. Maybe I shouldn't tell him why? But then he thinks I'm taking on too much. Seems lose-lose.  &amp;#x200B;  I know in general he needs to bounce around from thing to thing. If he is on the computer, he is probably juggling watching YouTube, playing a video game, and reading something. He'll come out and take over the TV (as in, I was watching something &amp; he turns it off) in small bursts to play a video game or watch something...sometimes annoying but I think I've gotten used to it &amp; don't mind as much (it still kind of sucks if we sit down to watch something &amp; stop after 15 minutes...although he is making the effort to finish an episode for me).  &amp;#x200B;  I follow these forums, and others, read ADHD magazines &amp; articles, whatever I can to figure out what else I can do to be a more supportive partner. My suggestions (much like my questions) are usually met with snappy replies. I've even been called stupid for my suggestions &amp; told to stop making stuff up or randomly suggesting things I know nothing about. I do the research here... I mean, how else do I approach new ideas or suggestions to help? How do I ask him what he wants or needs without making things worse?  &amp;#x200B;  If I try to talk to our friends (who all know, he doesn't hide his ADHD), I am being insensitive. Going back to the chore thing he brought up tonight, apparently I mentioned to a friend who was over during the "incident" that he takes too long, or I would rather do it myself...he didn't actually tell me what I said. I seriously don't remember this (although it happened yesterday), so it must not have been an issue to me.  It was an issue to him.  &amp;#x200B;  There's also a disconnect in our communication, especially when it comes to his ADHD. A lot of the time there is a tone or attitude from him that I hear, and he says isn't there. Same thing when I talk--there's a tone or attitude that I don't hear (he specifically says I make fun of him or belittle him to people, which I don't do with any intention... but even teasing him personally can go wrong; I've recently read that people with ADHD need more boosting, so my "innocent" teasing may have not been so fun &amp; innocent after all :/). The most frustrating part is that I am expected to know I'm using a tone &amp; acknowledge it when he tells me (versus deny it, if I think I wasn't), but the same doesn't apply to him. I am also supposed to acknowledge I'm being crazy or sensitive, and the he didn't have a tone, instead of him also making the realization that I heard one whether he intended it or not.  &amp;#x200B;  Throw on top of that, we are both dealing with our own issues, but I don't think he can distinguish the difference. All my behavior, attitude, and feelings he links back to my problems (which are vast...narcissistic mother, abusive childhood - in hindsight, gas lighting/brainwashing; financial hardship &amp; poor money management; health issues; job stress; family guilt...). He's not completely wrong, but a relationship is two ways. My problems stress him out, so I try to keep them to myself (and I'm sure we all know how well bottling things up works). If I express any sort of feeling,  he sees it 100% as my problems or my selfishness, not related to his ADHD. He doesn't seem to understand 1) how emotions play into everything, because he has a pretty good ability to disconnect from his, and 2) that I truly do care about him so his life is of a personal &amp; emotional interest, and I will take his hardships personally because I want to be there to support him.  I'm not saying my own issues don't play a role, and they totally need to be treated/handled better than they currently are. But, he doesn't seem to understand the problem isn't always me. His ADHD definitely is a stress point in our relationship, but bringing that up just angers him...it's me being selfish, refusing to care/understand, or making excuses (nothing can just be a reason or factor, it's always an excuse). Dude. I know I need to get help, but so do you. I know you can't control your ADHD, but I can't control everything either.   &amp;#x200B;  I can understand you can do a chore if given time to come back to it, but does that mean I can't just do it myself if I want it done right away? I am aware you can't control the shakes and they irritate you more than they irritate me, but that doesn't mean I can fix it. I know you don't like attention being drawn to you (in general, let alone if negative), so am I supposed to bring something up I can't fix? Just because I don't say something specifically, it doesn't man I am ignoring it (I just might not know what to say/do). Yes, sometimes you have a tone/attitude, it's not just me being sensitive/emotional. I do know how to be in a relationship, but you have to open up about the big stuff (like your ADHD).  &amp;#x200B;  Just... What do I do? What can I do? How do I express myself without "playing the victim" or "making everything about me"? How do I have productive conversations with him, ask what he wants/needs, or offer suggestions without navigating into a fight? How can we separate his issues from mine?
