733005bfa8c0cbb02ac9581449ef586ce9c834a7ba2f9e6229295d6e3bd0be6c;;;Navigating parenthood with ADHD partner?;;;My (DX as a child) husband has untreated ADHD. He constantly flips back and forth in how he views it. One day, he has it. The next day he isn't sure. Then he wants to 'get back on' his ADHD medication that he never told me he was ever on because according to him, he didn't think he had it! I have no doubt he has it as his parent told me so in private along with him confirming he had been on medication for it but "forgot". Outside of ADHD, he has maany narcissistic traits. Whether or not it is a personality disorder is yet to be diagnosed.   I had our newborn mid-July, completely out of the blue. My husband was not the most supportive or helpful during an insanely rough pregnancy. During delivery, I got sudden onset severe preeclampsia. Baby came out not crying and turned blue shortly after being put on my chest (later DX with respiratory distress syndrome, as he was born a month early). My husband went off to work not even 12 hours later, leaving me alone in my hospital room and my son alone in the NICU after we both nearly died. After that, I realized how low he truly prioritizes us.  Since then, I have had a lot of issues with him. I brought up divorce halfway into my pregnancy. Since having our child, I have become MUCH more serious about it. He has lied, gaslighted, and manipulated non-stop these past few months. 3 days after bringing home baby from the NICU, he totals our brand new (to us) $17k car. He says he 'didn't know what happened' and it must have been the heat - Which makes no sense as he has air conditioning?? In reality, he was too stubborn to listen when I said to stay home because he is tired. So he fell asleep and crashed (from what I know). He is also a very distracted driver in general, so now I can never trust him to drive with our child which is God awful as I do not drive. He has gotten back in contact with his very racist (I am black, making our son half black) and disrespectful family. Sent photos and information behind my back. Got "pressured" in to reaching out to his brothers by his grandmother. He is constantly hopping from new job to new job. I am home alone the majority of the time with the baby because now he has to skateboard and take public transportation to get to work which takes an extra four hours.   My actual issue here is that I do not want my son in this hostile and negative environment. He does not understand how toxic he is and every time I confront him about his behavior, he immediately launches into talk about how he promises he will change and he is going to improve and do better. Of course, that never happens. He has another major fuck up and the cycle repeats itself. I have considered leaving with the baby and just getting the divorce and fighting for full custody, but I know that I do not have the money as a stay at home mom. I feel completely trapped and he is not getting better. I think he is so comfortable in knowing there is little chance that I can leave and escape his behavior that he has learned he can be all talk and move on with his life. His family has always and still does enable his behavior. But he is a SHITTY dad, and is very aggressive with a hot temper. It honestly scares me to have him watch after the baby. Does anyone else have issues with your partner being a terrible parent??
