7438a6840937316647132d28399709d0ee9fd9335e6a5e32ee0b6566f4000f75;;;My ADHD boyfriend breaks up with me every four months;;;    My boyfriend (52, diagnosed, unmedicated) has ADHD caused by a chromosomal disorder called Klinefelter’s Syndrome. The disorder wasn’t diagnosed until he was in his early 30’s and having trouble conceiving with his ex-wife. I had no idea how ADHD could manifest in an adult when he told me about it the night we met. He is very neat, clean, and organized and is a partner in a successful business, so obvious signs were missing in the beginning. I don’t lift a finger to cook or clean when I’m at his apartment as he enjoys doing everything. He is never late and in fact is often early. His credit is impeccable.  His symptoms manifest as repeating stories 5 or 10 times, impatience, poor driving, overeating (he needs to lose 50 pounds), dermatophagia (eating the skin on his fingers), and phone and TV addiction. He can’t sit still during a conversation or focus on one subject for very long. He falls for every conspiracy theory he sees on Facebook. He did poorly in school as a child. He’s hypersexual but that’s fine because I am too.  We’re in this cycle that seems to repeat every four months. He’s attentive, involved, loving, and responsive for three months, starts to disengage and seem distracted, then we argue, and he breaks up with me around the four-month mark. He just broke up with me during an argument for the third time in a year. Dropped all my things off to my apt the next day and cried when I said goodbye. Literally by the time he was driving away he was texting me that he loved me and was very sad. By the next day (yesterday) he was texting that he needed to see me, is in love with me, and is miserable. This is exactly what happened last time, except this time I don’t believe that anything has changed. I fully expect that the cycle will repeat if I let it.   I can pinpoint the exact moment when the decline began this time. I walked into his apartment and he didn’t look up from his phone for half an hour except to give me a quick kiss. I knew then that he was back in full distracted ADHD mode and it was only a matter of time before I started feeling neglected and forgotten. And sure enough, two days ago the argument happened, and he ended it. It’s as if he has to break up with me periodically to remind his brain that he loves me and make me new again. To create a false honeymoon period. I’ve talked to him ad nauseum about getting medicated, but he took half an Adderall once and it kept him awake for two days and he couldn’t eat. He’s very resistant to trying it again.  This time I’m going to give him an ultimatum — see a doctor, get medicated, or I can’t continue. He’s vehemently opposed to therapy after being forced into it by an ex-girlfriend. I read conflicting things about medication. Some articles and studies say it can almost normalize executive functioning, but then I read subs like this that make it sound as if meds do little except to help improve focus at work. He doesn’t have that problem. He has problems focusing on relationships and remembering what I say and why we’re together. It’s difficult to go deeper emotionally when you can’t remember all the little intimacies and connections between you. It’s impossible to build on inconsistency and lack of reliability.  Is it even worth trying medication? Has anyone else experienced this kind of cyclical conflict in an ADHD relationship? I know he loves me and if I leave it would crush him. But the toll this is taking on my emotional health is too great. I can’t do it anymore. Thank you for any advice or experiences you can share.
