74a7d03d474314c30193bde7f19bad92278def9234a1b7028d70ce300c7a63cd;;;ADHD SO &amp; Emotional Labor Imbalance;;;Has any other ADHD partners successfully explained the toll emotional labor takes on them in regards to the everyday tasks that fall onto them as the non ADHD partner? I feel like my partner relies on me to be the “adult”.   While my (F30) partner (M32) has a incredible work ethic and works very hard, that is where the responsibility of his day starts and ends. He is in construction so many times says there is no comparison to my being at a desk all day to the manual labor he does all day. Which is probably true, however when he gets home his day is effectively done. Whereas, I still have emails and reports to deal with from work since the firm i work for is international.   I have tried to explain the stress I experience from having to balance work and home (he is extremely unorganized and can walk past the same pile of his clothes on the floor for a week without bothering to move them to the laundry).  I have tried holding back and not, for example, picking up after him, doing the dishes, laundry to show him how much things pile up if I mirror his day to day but it doesn’t effect him. He doesn’t mind the mess until he cannot find something he is looking for, then it becomes an issue. I feel like his ADHD does distract him from these daily tasks to a point but I don’t actually think he understands what it is like to have to be the one to take care of the house, the bills, the appointments, the holiday plans and gifts, home improvement items (he’s in construction but I had to learn how to do a lot bc when I ask him to do somethings the answer Is usually a big I’ll do it later and later never comes because he gets distracted with something else, like installing a home security system we didn’t need). Half the time he completely forgets anything I ask him to take care of. It becomes a job in itself having to remind him so I give up.  I am not a stay at home person, I work 50 hours a week and while my job is in no way manual labor it is still stressful and I get very minimal appreciation for being 1/2 of our financial security while also having to manage our lives and home. Emotional labor is real and it’s unbalanced in our lives but it seems like it goes in one ear and out the other when I try to discuss it. Any suggestions on how I can:  1. Successfully get him to see that being the manager at work and home is no fun and I don’t find joy in having to mother a grown up  2. Get him to recognize I need his help before I go nuclear (and yes I’ve said it flat out, doesn’t seem to take, he promises to help more, that lasts about two days if I’m lucky)
