75820b78f64f4fb624405dbdf46478714eca0ff53aa9da7df870d48cd16d8205;;;Breaking up over anger issues and household frustrations?;;;So me (24F) and my bf (23M) are now 7 years together and living together since february (yeah.. great relationship test with the pandemic). I was already aware of his (officially confirmed) ADHD and had my fair share of learning and listening to his needs. While we were still living apart we were doing quite good. Ofcourse we had some small issues, but always worked it out.  Now I feel like I’m about to lose it, because I now see how intense and regularly he gets angry about small things like: me putting oil instead of butter in a pan or if I remind him of cleaning something. He just gets aggressive and yells at me. I always get so stressed and sometimes even scared, that I had multiple panick attacks. I had a traumatizing youth with anger issues in the family and never really worked on it emotional myself. I understand I need to work out those issues to heal myself, but I also feel like I need effort on his anger management from him too. We have talked about this and I got a lot of trust out of that conversation, but he seems to be forgetting what we’ve talked about and why it’s so triggering to me.  Next to that, I do a lot in the household. We both work 32h a week, have our hobbies and friends, but I seem to put a lot more time in it. (Like the regular, dishes everyday, toilet/bathroom/kitchen every week but mostly tasks that are annoying to do like cleaning the oven, the trashbin, folding laundry) When I ask him create a better balance, he says that it’s my problem that I want it thát clean and I need to do it myself if I want the cleanness I’m looking for. I feel like a mom that always needs to tell him what needs to happen, tell him a week up front and remind him every few days to get him to do his part. I know I need to give him time and let him do it in his way (every day like 10min max.), but I just feel so unhappy with this that I don’t see him as my bf anymore. , more like a roommate that is fun to be with, but also very impulsive and all over the place.  I don’t know if I can put up with this.. and the conversations always lead to the conclusion that I just have to live with it and not complaining so much.  Any advise, please..? 😅
