770d25fd5bd1ed5d00dac3189a3c4fd655e98cb3cffca1ee66fc46271594d37f;;;My ADHD partner is claiming he's forgotten to plan a proposal twice now due to ADHD...legit?;;;\#crosspost from ADHD   I started dating my BF before he got diagnosed. He was self-medicating, without knowing it, with caffeine pills. Based on some things he told me I suggested he might want to get checked out by a doc. The doc had him to some tests, talked to him, and basically went "yep, classic ADHD".  He's been on Adderall since and loves being able to focus and get stuff done.  We talked about getting married. I said I'd be happy just choosing a simple ring together and calling it a proposal. He fervently preferred a big gesture, so I agreed thinking no big deal either way. We agreed he'd propose by the 2 year mark which was 6 months away. I made it very clear that the 2 year was pretty much the max at my age I was willing to wait around for a proposal once we both knew we were in it. 6 months passes. Nothing.  We had a huge conversation about it where I was crushed and felt like it was impossible to have forgotten such an important date unless it meant something and he was adamant it meant nothing, he remembered it, he just thought it was more "flexible" (despite me explicitly stating otherwise when we made the plans). He says he'd happily get married tomorrow but really want to plan the proposal and it'll take at least a month and a half, but let's say 3 months so it can be a surprise exactly when. I, seemingly a glut for punishment, agree.  About two weeks ago I checked in (thinking, let's not repeat the LAST horror show) to make sure we were still on the timeline. He assured me we were. Today I checked in again. He now claims he has completely forgotten the date and won't even have the ring (he had his mother's old ring a year ago but wanted to get it redone in some way) until the end of the month.  At this point, he's still claiming up and down he wants to get married (despite ample evidence to the contrary) but that he's "bad with dates". He claims this is ADHD related and thus not indicative of his feelings for me and shouldn't be held against him. But I'm looking at a nine month period where he said he would propose and thinking...it simply is not possible to be this forgetful and have it mean nothing.  This entire situation seems insane to me. Either he doesn't want to get married (consciously or subconsciously I haven't the slightest clue) OR he is literally unable to hear me say "it's VERY important to me that we do this thing we BOTH agreed to by &lt;x&gt;" and prioritize/follow through on it. I literally told him I'd leave him if it happened again...and yet here we are. He's distraught, telling me that he's just forgetful but loves me deeply and wants to have kids, etc.  I'm thinking of leaving him. I'm almost 32. I want to have kids. He has claimed since day one he wants marriage ands kids as well, he claims he'd happily marry me tomorrow...but I think these missed dates are red flags. It felt like this community might have some advice. Or at least be able to tell me if it's even possible for someone with ADHD to be THIS incapable of planning a proposal while still genuinely loving someone. Because I have some doubts.
