77b6845bab320bb876d1271d062998898cc5cde9c3d9c971d475d8129ba0d37e;;;How common is it for people with ADD to have meltdowns and get physical?;;;Bf has undiagnosed ADD, we're positive on this. I feel like I should add that he as a child was the victim of holding therapy, where the parent holds their child firmly until it settles.  I sometimes get extremely sad over things that are not right, like I feel so alone, so emotionally abandoned by his lack of focus, breaking of agreements etc, and sometimes I can't hold it together, and I cry really hard, and he wants to comfort me – until I tell him why I'm crying. He may try to talk about it for a little while, but then when he realizes how massive the problems are, he will first beat himself up, literally banging his hands against his head, or screaming and punching the walls. Then I cry harder, even scream to block out the sounds, because I feel unsafe, and he will grab my arms hard, sometimes try to hold a hand over my mouth to make me quiet. He says he can't control it, it's misophonia, he can't see the rational way out of it because he just can't (with a hint of blaming ADD), but I feel this is just plain violence, and it has left some marks before. It's totally because he can't cope, and sometimes he leaves the room and come back later – only for it to start over again. Sometimes he leaves the room before escalation, but it will 7/10 times escalate to that level. I'm so so tired of being grabbed like that. I say it can't be blamed on ADD or anything else, but am I wrong? Can it? Or should I just stop showing how sad I am (I really don't want that. I was never allowed to show emotions, so this is hard)? Is it trauma from holding therapy that he passes on? I feel he should know better, he should choose genuine comfort as it always works so much better, but he says it's not a choice he has, when it happens, he can't just not do it.
77b6845bab320bb876d1271d062998898cc5cde9c3d9c971d475d8129ba0d37e;;;Irritable partner ruins day again, what to do?;;;Recently Dx, but not yet medicated, partner is again irritable over something (there was something that irritated me for a millisec, and he heard it as if I snapped at him). He said sorry but continued being annoyed AF, then told me he wasn't annoyed at all, and me not wanting to deal with his irritable ass was unfair, because he absolutely spoke to me as he would always do. I can hear the difference between normal talk and what he did right there. It was NOT normal. The words were short, forced and through the teeth!  Then he ditched all the plans we had for today and is now moping at home while I'm trying to get something out of today (which is hard, because I had looked forward to doing these thing together and we can't just reschedule).  His family just lets him be irritable and just stops 'pressuring him', eventually everybody moves on and the cycle repeats. But I'm not convinced that this is the optimal way to handle this. I have tried talking him through the emotions, but how much can a person do that? I feel like a private 24/7 psychologist. I want to write him now, like "it's perfect where I am, come see it", but on the other hand, I'm just so fucking tired of this. I also want to wait it out and he can write or call me when he misses me (prob never) or when he needs something (I figure he'll get nervous around 5-8 hours from now, because he would want to know if I sleep at home or not, but it wouldn't be because he missed me).  I get now why everybody leaves him alone when he's irritable. I just can't live my life ALWAYS preparing for everything to go wrong at any moment. And no, I'm not creating the situations either by preparing, they will happen whether I prepared or not. So now I'm just preparing. I usually have a way out, but this is not sustainable. I need him to deal with this. Soooo, what approach will help him the most to see that all he gets out of continuing this way is an unhappy relationship? His family never showed him that this is not cool. I will not adopt a sense of normalcy towards this. Does that mean that I'm not fit to be a partner to a pwADD? or can I expect it to get better once he's medicated? or can I do anything to speed up the process? Should I leave him and ignore all the problems like his family does? Should I just leave him alone until he calls and says "ok, I'm done gaslighting you now, I was irritable, and I want to change that"? Should I go home and hug him and be understanding again until I have no soul left for myself? It's the last one, isn't it? Just show love and remember to do things for myself, right? And then just never ever agree to do stuff together or make a plan – or just always be understanding when he gets irritable and backs out every day or every other day till my life falls apart again?  Bonus info: I have NO support system what so ever.
77b6845bab320bb876d1271d062998898cc5cde9c3d9c971d475d8129ba0d37e;;;Does it get better?;;;I just (finally!) found this sub. Bf of three years has bipolar 2, which we first accredited the mood swings, forgetfulness, inability to plan and finish anything. Then treated with the right amount of lithium, it took away the hypomanias and the deep depressions (= bipolar medicine worked for bipolar symptoms!), but focus issues and the likes did not change one bit. Then he send me a list of ADD symptoms, and it hit me so hard in the gut, 8 out of 9 symptoms are severely present all of the time, and we are absolutely certain that he has ADD. He is waiting for the appointment at the doctor to give him a referral to the psychiatrist who will diagnose him and probably give him some drugs for it. Meanwhile he is talking to a psychologist and psychiatrist at the bipolar unit at the greatest hospital in the country while waiting for CBT/psychoeducation in autumn (but only related to bipolar). I have pulled myself a little from the responsebility and just set up boundaries: take your meds and communicate. Think about strategies, tell me about them and *ask for help if you can't do it alone*. I'm so tired, I'm stressed, I used to be able to empathize, but I feel like he executive and emotional age does not match the 30 year old adult I assumed to be in a relationship with. I feel like we're drifting apart because my baseline idea of a good relationship is a place where we are a team, communicating, planning, doing what we were planning and a place were we are thoughtful and attentive of eachother.   Can this ever be true with someone with ADD? Is it better to not drag this out till it becomes very ugly and we are both depleted and not trusting eachother?   My ex husband has ADD. His girlfriend is a saint and sweet and runs the house with their two small children and my kid (10 yo) part time, SHE checks the mail and handles anything regarding my kids' school or hobbies, like messages, payments, birthday parties, because he can't handle it, he forgets, is unstructured and gets angry at paper or computer applications. He's medicated now and I don't see a big change. They're still not equals at home, he takes care of the fun stuff and she does all the emotional labour. It's fine, because it works for them, but I don't want that in *my* relationship. My boyfriend doesn't want it either, and he has already worked hard to change some significant things. He's now in control of some huge things he was oblivious to before, but we're not nearly there yet. I still too often feel like I'm unequally in control and have to check up on things wayyy too often. Also I so often feel like I'm being a mom. I need him so desperately "to grow up" (I'm so sorry if this is offensive. He probably can't help it. I lack better words), will he ever be able to?
