79e45622dcbe68780b80799cec41a5ceddab8ffd6b202871b6d715c42051c325;;;I am getting really sick of this;;;My husband has aspergers, adult ADHD AND depression. I cannot say or do anything that will trigger him. I can’t disagree with him or tell him that he’s wrong. When I have a bad day, I just have to suck it up because his feelings are more important than mine. If I say something wrong or show him how I feel, he would get so angry and destroy the house (physically) or he would sit and cry. Sometimes I don’t even know what I did to trigger him, it’s all so random! And if I give in, he’ll stop and act like nothing have happened. Or if I lose control and started crying, he’d immediately stop and started being very chirpy.  I am slowly loosing myself. He blames me for everything, he takes his anger out on me, he keeps telling me how useless I am and how everything is my fault. He even told me that I need to take responsibility for his emotion because he has ADHD.  He started reading books about ADHD and learning about the symptoms. Then he started exhibit those symptoms is if he is copying what the book (he’s never done those before but he does it so much AFTER reading the book, even his coworker notices) I don’t know if he really does have the condition, or he’s ‘pretending’ to have it so he can blame everyone on the condition. I am struggling with anxiety and depression. I’m in med school and I am really stressed right now. He doesn’t make it easy for me. He add onto my stress.   He keep wanting me to change because ‘oh I have a mental condition and I can’t not hurt you’, or ‘oh this is my mental condition so you’ll have to deal with it’  I am suffocating here. I am afraid of him, I’m afraid that the next time he destroys the house and I happens to be in his line of sight that he will kill/ hurt me by accident.   He forgets that I, too, have a condition. I have ADD. I have anxiety, and I am depressed. But I am trying to not use those as excuse and to better myself,  but it seems to me like he is trying to victimize himself so he can say he’s like that because of the condition.   But when we have fun, we really have fun. When he wanted to be sweet, he can be really really sweet. But I just feel like I cannot go on like this any longer.   Am I missing something? I’m trying to be supportive and trying to ignore and forgive his behavior, but it feels like he just keeps taking and taking. I don’t want to leave him when he’s struggling with this, but I also don’t want to live like this anymore... do y’all have any advice?  Thanks in advance.
