7ab7bfd79e79ce297b676ec6bf3f9ae278f4b7a9c887a2669ade533e50f2ddc3;;;Had enough. Told him I wanted a divorce. Scared I made a mistake.;;;My undiagnosed but absolutely ADHD husband and i have been together 7 years. When we met he was in the military (great structure which I now realize), had an apartment, basically had his life pretty much together. He was very messy and didnt really cook, and had issues with things like paying his taxes, but otherwise was ok. We worked out together (bc he had PT tests) and had hobbies together.  I worked part time, went to school and managed to he entire household, cooking, cleaning, finances, etc. It worked and we were happy.  I managed to get my dream job and he got out of the military. I also left the house often for training. He went back to school and did ok. He had an issue with depression for a while. Had issues with follow-through but I still managed the entire household so it wasn't too bad. He worked for about 9 months after graduating college, and then we moved again.   Our new house required house projects. He started on them and finished halfway on most of them. Was supposed to go to grad school but dropped out because of more depression. Struggled with making appointments and then would forget and not go. Stopped getting haircuts. Wouldn't do much other than video games. I asked him to help around the house and told him I was parenting him. He did help cook and clean. He did not function well otherwise. I wanted to do things, go out,, work out, see our new state. He was frustrated I didn't want to game with him.  We went to marriage counseling. I went to counseling. I begged him to work harder. He said he was working as hard as he could, but still missed appointments and would forget important events.  We started to resent each other. In December, I asked him to get Christmas presents for his side of the family. He waited until Christmas eve after me begging him. He missed another appointment.   He has seen a psychiatrist who was very hesitant to prescribe adhd medicine. So we've been waiting for him to jump through her hoops. Eventually he made an appointment for a second opinion (still upcoming).  On Sunday I told him I wanted a divorce. He said ok and asked how the process went. He's since found motivation to look for jobs out of town where he wants to move, decided to join a gym out of town, cleaned out his car...all things I've been hoping for for years.  I still love him very much and it hurts to see him.  Basically, I was wondering if anyone has had experience with this and if ADHD medication coudl solve his problems.
