7b0bf5e6b31b121caf771118b28f6b7064cb2a9658cd755ccfc7660372765ad4;;;I just need to vent...;;;I know we have a weekly vent thread on the forum, and I'm sorry, but I'm (M/NT) just angry right now after the latest argument with my other half (27/M/DX/Medicated). I have found that writing helps me wrap my mind around things, so I'm writing and just letting it all pour out. I apologize if this isn't appropriate, I just needed somewhere to vent all of my frustrations.  I'm so forking sick of walking on eggshells and having to be the one that thinks about everything I say or do so I don't upset you, or make things worse or more difficult for you to manage.  I know that I can be sarcastic, and that you don't always understand that, but I'm not sarcastic 24/7. I don't always address you sarcastically or angrily, but I have to cop to that if you feel that I have, because, clearly, you perceived it that way, so it has to be so.   You misspoke and I answered the question you asked - and you got angry because it's not what you wanted to ask, and I should have just KNOWN what it was you were asking.   I'm sick of everything being my fault. I'm sick of being the one that gets the blame for every problem that exists in our relationship. Yes, you might come back later and say it was your fault and that you recognize that - but it doesn't take back the hours of arguing and telling me how I did it wrong and that's what's causing the argument.   I'm sick of having to apologize for things I didn't do.   I'm sick of being criticized for for not giving you enough praise when you do the littlest thing like taking out the garbage. Thanks for doing that isn't enough, I have to praise you like you solved world peace. Do you have any comprehension all of the balls I keep in the air on a daily basis to make our lives move forward?   I'm sick of YOU being the only one that can have a bad day.   I'm sick of listening to you for hours about one thing, but feeling rushed like I have to make a point in 5 minutes or less before something shiny and pretty catches your eye.   Burning every bridge is a strategy - it's not a successful one. But to hear you tell it, I don't know what I'm talking about and tact and professionalism will get me walked all over. We're in the same industry and I've been in it LONGER, so tell me again how I don't know what I'm doing and should be more aggressive.   I'm sick of fighting over money and how we need to be careful about what we spend and less than an hour later getting a notification from the bank of a $250 Amazon purchase. I'm sick of being the one questioned about why there's only so much in the account when you never look at it and then wonder where it all went.   I'm sick of the contradictions. You didn't like it when I swore if I got angry, and that upset you. So I stopped doing that (for the most part). Now you swear when you're angry and it's just something I have to get used to because it's a "cultural thing" for you.  I'm sick of having to be the responsible one, the adult. I'm sick of how you punish me because that's something I'm capable of and one of us has to do it.   You ask me something, like how I'm feeling about XXXX (a particular news story, how I'm actually feeling, dinner). I'll answer you and it's wrong. Was I even paying attention, because if I was, I wouldn't be answering that way. Just because you don't like the answer doesn't mean it isn't a valid answer. But I'm the one that needs to learn to be more open minded and compromise more.   I'm sick of being told if I want this to work, I have to learn to understand you and your ADHD more (and everything else that comes with that - RSD, Depression, etc.). I have. I have bent over backwards to try and change how I approach things, to be more forgiving of the things you can't control, to embrace the chaos. Everything I've read and learned is that this is a two person journey and both people have to adapt, so why am I the only one that is???  I'm sick of not feeling good enough.   I know a lot of you are in the same situation and some/all of these will strike a chord. I know I'll have more to vent about when next week's thread comes out. I'm just upset and angry and flailing now, so thanks for reading.   TL/DR: Sick of not feeling good enough, venting all the frustrations.
