7b14951d279a8cefbda1347ad15868eef92c1b56fb374068747dcb2a598dd94e;;;I've been with my DX partner for nearly a year and I'm trying to figure out how to navigate their behavior;;; Hi all! I'm pretty new to reddit so please bear with me.  I (23/enby) am in a long distance relationship with my partner (22/enby) who has ADHD (DX).   I’ve been having lots of thoughts and some trouble with navigating his ADHD over the past few months and I was hoping that you folks could provide some insight…  I have plenty of friends who have ADHD, so I’m fairly familiar with being around it- I’ve speculated in the past if I have it as well, but I’ve never pursued looking into it. But my partner has probably the most intense ADHD I’ve ever experienced. I’m trying to figure out how to go about navigating our relationship with his ADHD… I think things about it that I’m not sure are valid or insensitive, if that makes sense.  I worry about him being able to navigate through life as an adult when little things tend to cause issues or hold him back in one way or another- I worry about how it will affect his life and how it will affect our life together in the future if and when we live together.   I don’t want to parent him, and I know he doesn’t want that either, but sometimes I feel like I almost have to because it seems like he doesn’t take responsibility for himself.  It’s with little things, such as taking his phone with him to the bathroom when he goes to shower, therefore getting distracted by it and not actually showering, resulting in him being gone for anywhere from 30 minutes to 2 hours before he’s actually showered.   He stays up super late at night watching shows or reading, not even trying to sleep unless I tell him to (sometimes he physically cannot fall asleep which I understand, but sometimes when I tell him to he’ll fall asleep within a minute of his head hitting the pillow), and as a result of this he will wake up anywhere from 12pm-2pm, and sometimes he’s stayed in bed until 4pm. This is an issue because if he doesn’t get up early enough, he doesn’t get anything done during the day- he just can’t get anything done. He will also skip meals if he gets up too late, obviously, and this worries me a lot.  He gets distracted by his phone often, so it takes him a long time to get chores done (laundry, making his bed, etc.) Because we’re a long distance relationship, we video call often, so there have been times where I’ve been waiting for him to finish something so we can call and I end up waiting 2 or so hours, thinking he’ll be done soon and we can call. There have been times where I have somewhere to go or something to do and me waiting for him to call becomes an issue because I’ll run out of time because he either forgets about it or he takes too long doing whatever it is he’s doing because he gets distracted. We have had multiple discussions in the past about if/when we live together, I get extremely anxious about being late to things (Ive been diagnosed w/ anxiety), and he says that I’ll either have to accept that we’ll be late to things sometimes or that if I’m so anxious about being late to things that I’ll have to leave without him, because if I push him to get ready to leave to be on time too much it will irritate him, which honestly upset me a lot to hear. It upset me to hear that he would rather I leave him behind and be irritated than push himself a bit more to be on time.  He’s currently completing his master’s degree but he is not good at getting assignments done. There has been a repeating cycle of not doing the assignments up until the last second before it’s due, struggling to get it done, having the deadline extended, waiting til the last minute to do it again, and either cramming last minute, just not doing it, or extending the deadline again, etc etc… a repeating cycle. This stresses me out IMMENSELY, but I’ve always been one to get assignments done no matter what. I worry about whether or not he will actually be able to graduate with the way he does things. And it takes a toll on him too-I want him to be proud of himself but he beats himself up for the way things go.  There are just some examples of his behavior. He doesn’t really make excuses, none of that “I can’t help it” stuff, half the time he says he doesn’t believe he even has ADHD because of imposter syndrome… but he feels guilty all the time- he feels bad for getting distracted and not getting things done etc. I tell him it’s okay because I want to be supportive of him. I want to be a good partner to him and do my best to be there for him… but at the same time I feel like he doesn’t take responsibility for himself. He sits and feels guilty but doesn’t seem to ever make any move to change his behavior.  Is it presumptuous of me to assume/think that he can put in more effort to change his ways? I understand that a lot of this is not exactly in his control, but I think he could be trying harder to work on these things, especially when we’re in a relationship that’s already made 10x harder because of distance.   Am I being insensitive to what he’s going through? Do I not understand how complex and difficult ADHD is for him even though he barely understands it himself? Should I be more sympathetic of his circumstances? Or, alternatively, should I be pushing him more?   Any advice/insight is incredibly appreciated. Thank you so much for taking the time to read this.
