7bf695d4cb6c08f61bbe5c2ae4bf2ed78743c49cf9fdcbf9be1e80ec7c65ef86;;;I (24f) love my boyfriend (23m) with ADHD so so much and I think I should break up with him :(;;;Tl;Dr: we have been together for 8 months, love him very much and really want to support him, but he has ADHD and I don't think he cares about me and only thinks he loves me because I take care of him. I think I should breakup with him :(  Hey everyone. I don't really know what I'm looking for by posting this but this community has been so supportive and wholesome when I've posted here before and I can think of no one else to turn to.   My boyfriend and I have been together for 8 months now and I love him very very much. This I'm sure of because I know how much I care about someone when I put their needs before mine. He says he loves me too but I think he only feels that way because I take care of him and do things for him. He has ADHD and it's been a uphill climb learning to adjust to that which , even now I'm so ready to do. But sometimes I feel like he doesn't really care about me. He's a geologist and he LOVES minerals. Love is an understatement. He is probably obsessed with it. He keeps talking about it and I listen to him for hours and I actually adore this little quirk of his. But when I wanna talk about something, he looks so disinterested at times. He is so bad at texting. I've made my peace with that but sometimes I text him because I'm upset or something and he doesn't reply. I don't even know how much he wants to be with me because we're going to have to do LDR in a few months. His love language is touch and quality time and mine is words of affirmation. I dunno how this would work. I feel like he never puts my needs first ever. I dunno if this is an ADHD thing or he's just like that. He's so loving and caring and affectionate when we're together and very very loyal but we're not going to always be next to each other. I love him and maybe he does too but love is alone not enough. I know this was rambling and I didn't say so many things here.  I'm just confused and sad. Did any of you go through this with your partners? If so, how did you get over it?
7bf695d4cb6c08f61bbe5c2ae4bf2ed78743c49cf9fdcbf9be1e80ec7c65ef86;;;Boyfriend (24m) won't have sex because he's stressed;;;TL;DR: Boyfriend has ADHD and gets incredibly stressed out and our sex life is suffering because of that.   Hi guys. Throwaway account. My (24f) boyfriend (24m) and I are in grad school so life in general is pretty stressful. We met in grad school and have been dating for seven months. We love each other and are generally happy together. However in the past few months, we haven't been having sex as often and he says it's because he was stressed about his defense and I understand that.  However he got done with that and when I tried initiating last night he turned me down and said he still has a lot on his mind and he can't be in the moment. I just feel really rejected and unwanted. He is still just as affectionate to me in other ways though.  Is this common for people with ADHD...? Have you guys had similar situations where you're so overwhelmed that it affects your sex life? Any advice and insight would be helpful since I literally have no one I could talk to about this.
