7cd73ef3cb1fe187b07279e5781c6f03b83ab44e878ade9d39ebd3fbd330c2ac;;;The constant forgetfulness is starting to feel like blatant disrespect;;;My husband has untreated ADHD. He is finally seeing someone for it but he has to do multiple sessions with the therapist first before he will get the referral for the nurse practitioner who can prescribe. But our problem stretches back years.  He constantly - CONSTANTLY - agrees to things without talking to me about them first. Big things that affect our finances or household. He will forget bills and payments till we end up with fees. It’s always stuff with the kids too...that saying “your lack of planning doesn’t constitute my emergency” is 100% how I live. I feel like the house isn’t ours...it’s his. Because he will agree to let the kids do stuff and not tell me. Or invite people over last min on a whim and not tell me till an hour before.  He knows at this point that this shit makes me insane. As a matter of fact, it’s truly the only thing that pisses me off. But he can’t stop....will he stop when he’s on meds? What can I do to get him to understand? Because I really blew up on him tonight and I do not like blowing up.
7cd73ef3cb1fe187b07279e5781c6f03b83ab44e878ade9d39ebd3fbd330c2ac;;;He told me he wants a divorce last night;;;He (50M) is not officially diagnosed but is in the process and his son has it and he has all the symptoms and behaviors. I have been dealing with the endless roller coaster of mood swings, promises to do things, constant “forgetting” to tell me about super important decisions he made without me and the rage and depression.  We got into a fight over a big decision he made about the kids and I really laid into him. He told me to “shut the fuck up” ...a new one, he keeps pushing the bar lower and lower. This was Sunday. I didn’t really talk to him for Monday and Tuesday but when I got home yesterday I laid into him and told him, yeah I was still mad about being talked to that way and I told him he could never talk to me that way again. He said, “sometimes you need to be told to shut the fuck up” and went outside.   I followed - he hates that - and said he needs to stop disrespecting me and that our biggest issue is that he makes decisions without me. And he called me psycho, said that I am needy and want attention all the time...on and on. And then I asked him to leave. To go to his dads. He was like that’s a GREAT idea, I need to get away from you.  He left for 2 hours and drove around or whatever. When we talked later he said he didn’t want to go to couples counseling any more, he wanted a divorce. He said many more mean and terrible things ...kept accusing me of being drunk (I wasn’t) ...that I hate his kids, that I spend all our money (this one if you knew me is insanely laughable). A million other incredibly hurtful things.  This morning he said he wants to go to counseling again. I am certain that he thinks the counselor will just affirm his idea that I am crazy so he feels confident in going. He completely lied and gaslit me about the night before. I was the one who said I wanted a divorce. I was the drunk one (did I mention that he was drunk and he also self medicated with weed).   His lying and gaslighting is endless and insane. So, here’s the part I need advice on....will the therapist know this? If he’s going to sit there and lie and gaslight me I don’t want to go. He’s got the NPD too so he’s charming and dismissive. I’m scared to go, honestly. Thoughts?
