7cf7d13de78dfe7901b998b2c2ad80cf5c33696562705dd0e09c866a564e0b96;;;My Experience Dating an ADHD 18 y/o Male;;;Hi, I'm 16 and was dating someone with ADHD for about a year and a half. We are off and on every week, more like every day, and I am starting to really feel numb to it all.   I have read countless of articles about this and have realized how he sees my "nagging" and "yelling" but when he ignores me countless of times, puts me on the bottom of his list, lies about having to go do something else whenever I try to tell him what he is doing, it really gets me frustrated.  It feels like he is taking advantage of me, I would clean up his room because I heard it helps him to keep clutter down. He would give me one thank you and continue playing his game like nothing has change. After I spent hours doing this for you, you are just like "oh cool" and continued on with your life.  I feel so undervalued.  I buy him food, I wash his clothes, I spend my money that I earn to make him happy and he does nothing for me. AT ALL. He gives me a half-hearted thanks and leaves me to go fishing with his friends.   I was crying to him about how I feel pushed away and used and he told me to shut up because he has been doing stuff all day and was tired. It just hurt me more and I started saying how I'm not happy with you, how I don't want to stay in this relationship and all he said was "goodnight, I love you, talk to you later" and hung up, turned off his phone.   I'm starting to think that this is not his ADHD, it's just him.  He picks and choose whenever he wants to treat me nice. I liked him because of how similar taste we had, but it's just buried in all the crap he was done to me.   He always say, "I want to treat you like royalty and take you out on dates and dinner, all of it" Well, he was been saying this for months. He puts no effort into getting a job. His mom has to sign him up for everything and force him to better himself, which he doesn't.   I have given his hundreds of chances. It's starting to effect my health, I have an IBD. I keep telling him, being on medicine isn't a bad thing. I am on medicine too. It helps, it doesn't make you seem weak.  I'm starting to wish I never met him and I wish he would forget me like everything else that's "important" to him. Sorry, if this is bashing anyone with ADHD. I just don't know what's him and what's his ADHD.  This was a rant, oops, but help me!
