7d457097c1d6c70af9db238efd7b7de5cdd73762daa1dac39dd8997c7ce8f6fc;;;I don't know how to talk about my ADHD with my partner;;;So I've (22F, dx) been with my partner (22F) for 6 months now and things are going good so far. In terms of our personalities, we are pretty polar opposites – she's super outgoing, organised and outspoken whereas I'm more reserved, sensitive and indecisive.  Most days, our differences are what we love about each other, and are how we balance each other out. But sometimes, they become the source of conflict.   Lately, whenever we get into fights (about minor, non-issues –think everyday bickering) she will make comments about why I always get upset so quickly. I admit, I am quick to cry and feel upset about things, but I try to combat my initial emotional reactions by being level headed. For example, I'll say things like "I know that its not a big deal, I'm sorry I'm so upset but I feel this because...", or "I understand where youre coming from and I'm not upset at you, just at the situation cause I don't want things to be weird."   On the one hand, she tells me not to apologise for who I am and how I feel things. She always used to tell me that one thing she loved about me was how deeply and honestly I feel emotions. But now, she's been saying things like "Why do I have to deal with you when you get emotional like that?", or "Why does that even get you upset? Why do you think like that?". Especially when it comes to things that arise from my own anxiety/low self esteem.  I mean, there are other ways that my ADHD symptoms create little conflicts in our relationship, but I dont really want to unpack everything here causes its longggg.  Honestly at this point I'm not sure what to do. I really want to be less like this but I've always found emotional regulation to be difficult. I'm also not sure how to bring it up as a possible symptom of my ADHD because I hate making excuses/blaming my diagnosis for my own shortcomings.   Idk what I'm really asking for but any advice or stories from people that relate would be greatt.
