7e796ea4bffeebf77ef1013cd32eee4e8d8e45e07a94062f533982f736594ce3;;;Its my partners birthday, i won't make today about me but I have questions/thoughts;;;I'm 26m she's 24w today! 2.5 years together my dx ADHD partner told me about her adhd about 11 mos ago. She's also a survivors of CSA (so I'm also on the Secondary survivors subR) has Anxiety and Depression. Anywho.  2 weeks ago i told my partner that I'll bring her birthday present on Oct 4th since i know she has class for her Masters program on Mondays. Yesterday rolls around i ask her when i can drop it off she said she had plans so I could drop it off "tomorrow" (today). I agreed but it dredged up all these feelings about all the times we've made plans just for me to go out of my way to check in and find out that she has other plans or that she forgot. There's almost never an apology. And it feels like my time with her is less of a priority than time with anyone else. I have to be flexible but no one else has to be. Her family has priority--which is understandable--so do her friends.   Additional information:  I don't know which ADHD type she has or her specific 8ssues.  She doesn't take meds for her ADHD (she said it sucks) but she does take meds for her Depression.  She works FT and has a masters program  She overpromises her time (poor boundaries related to her abuse trauma and maybe her adhd too) I haven't seen her in 2 months and she only lives 7 miles away (we already talked about that recently)
7e796ea4bffeebf77ef1013cd32eee4e8d8e45e07a94062f533982f736594ce3;;;Is there a relationship between ADHD and how romantic your partner is?;;;Hello again, my second post. I'm 26m, ADHD Partner is 23f. Dating 2 years. Partner also suffers from a few mental health issues including traumas, so I understand that in addition to typical human variance, there are more things complicating my experience.  So, my partner is amazing. She's really smart, kind, funny, a beautiful soul through and through. For most of our relationship, but especially within the last year my partner has been increasingly less proactive in our relationship. When she's suffering or busy, it makes total sense, but even when she's well (or seemingly "well enough") she's still pretty reactive. I initiate the majority of our conversation, the majority of our dates/time together and i express affection more frequently. We don't live together and she both works and has her masters program online so I try to cut her some extra slack whenever i can but the cumulative effect is that our relationship feels imbalanced. I give more, i give small and I give large. She often reciprocates in the ways that she can. She likes to do big plans, dates where she pays and plans the day and I'm not supposed bring anything to the table which are rare events. I do always enjoy them but these days sometimes seem like they are more for her, so that she can prove to me or to herself that she can do these things for me, rather than them feeling like it's by the both of us and for the both of us (don't take this sentence too much into account though, I may just be trying to poke holes). I want her to be more proactive more often in little ways like inviting me to come over, or coming by my house. Starting a conversation or expressing a desire to see me without me expressing it first. If it weren't for her rare but deep declarations of love and value of me, I wouldn't think she was very interested in me (though, I don't doubt that she loves me if that makes sense).  Her set of personal circumstances make her very good at working and doing school related things. I've been thinking for some time that she focuses on those things because they are emotionally and logically safe investments where relationships are riskier and frightening.
7e796ea4bffeebf77ef1013cd32eee4e8d8e45e07a94062f533982f736594ce3;;;New to ADHDP, looking for a bit of advice/the capacity to understand;;;I'm 26m, Partner is 23f (2 years dating) She is a wonderful person who is also battling traumas, experiences Anxiety, Depression, as well as has ADHD. So, there is a specific scenario that occurs often, lets say once or twice every one to three months where we agree to plans, I wait for show time, I check in and then she reveals that things won't be going according to plans. In this exact order. The reason i find this problematic is that I initiate the communication that provides me information that I expect her to give of her own accord. If I'm running late or have to cancel I should tell the other person, at least that's my thinking. I have done some reading so i know that relaying information in this way may be much less simple a task for her than it is for me, but knowing this has yet to make it completely benign.
