7f40b23dd7c812661d2c5590e72b1ed0152df9ac22dd2f24471ba86c1e015867;;;It hurts;;;First time poster here. I’ve been lurking on this subreddit since my partner’s therapist suspect that my partner has adhd (no official diagnosis yet, they are still doing tests, but his symptoms tick almost all boxes so far.) I’m sorry for venting and sorry if my English is bad. I don’t know who else I could talk to about this.     I’ve been with my partner for 5 years, recently it came to light that he could have ADHD. Things started to make sense why he is the way he is now, from small things like forgetting to put dirty clothes into the laundry basket to his tactlessness in our relationship. I know he doesn’t mean the things he say or do, I know he can’t comprehend why or how certain behavior of his impacts others. But somehow knowing that didn’t take away the pain and the frustration that build up all these years.     It has been an incredibly stressful month for me. My partner’s mood swings got worst since he began his therapy. He makes cruel remarks when he’s in a terrible mood and gets defensive when I told him that it hurts me. Maybe I wasn’t communicating to him correctly and maybe he felt criticized. I am to blame in this as well. No matter what the trigger is, I would take the brunt of his frustrations. He believes that it is my fault and that I made him feel bad.      I was having suicidal thoughts since a month ago. The dynamics in our relationship isn’t the main cause, but it attributed to my depression. I was struggling with my studies, our small business and my parents, all while needing to take care of household and deal with his mood swings. It felt like I had to parent a child who’s extremely temperamental. Either he is constantly distracted when we talk or hyper focused onto his screen. He could carry out plans with his friends, but not the plans with me. I’ve tried initiating dates but it never worked out because of him. It’s like he has a facade with his friends but with me he allows his symptoms to run free. I felt jealous and that I constantly had to battle for his attention. He was not like this when we got together, the change was gradual over the course of 5 years and i slowly felt like i don’t know him. Still, we have good times as well.   It’s like playing roulette, he can appear to be cold, harsh and uncaring towards me, but once in a while I get a attentive and supportive teammate. I believe the latter is the real him and I try my best to see his symptoms separate from his person. Yet somehow I am still feeling very much the aftermath of his tantrums.     I was neglected as a child, and I’m terrified that I’m putting myself in the same situation again. I feel unloved, unwanted and incredibly lonely while being in a relationship with him. My depression got worst and I’m having severe suicidal thoughts right now. I managed to contact my therapist who is currently on vacation and she managed to give me a slot on Monday. I don’t know if I could pull through this weekend alone. I told my partner about it and that I really, really need him right now.  &amp;#x200B;  My MIL’s boyfriend (A) is having party today where all of his childhood friends would be there. They all live in a different state, about 4 hours from here by train. We were at my MIL and A’s place two weeks ago for A’s birthday and spent time with his family and friends.     My partner insisted on traveling alone despite my condition. He told me this trip is very important to him and is a major part of his therapy:   \- He always felt bad because A has done so much for us and his mother, but we never really know him or his friends.   \- talking to his mother face to face about his current condition. They both have a tensed relationship as he believes she caused him to be the way he is now   \-buying a pair of dress shoes for our friends’ wedding in September    \- meeting up with his best friend   \- visiting his niece who is still a toddler, he wants to be there for her as much as he can     He told me going on this trip is finally his chance of getting better. I’m not to sure how to explain this here because I can’t understand his reasonings myself. To put it short, he is very behind his studies because of his illness, the university is threatening to kick him out of the program. Before I met him, he was in the hospital for suicidal thoughts and was misdiagnosed as something else. He finally got a therapy spot last year after spending years on the waiting list. To him, this trip will help him and that he will finally be able to finish his studies. (I’m sorry if this is confusing, I still don’t quite understand what he means, but it seems that his success of his studies and his future is depended on this specific trip)     Last night I asked if he could go a couple days later, just after I get help from my therapist on Monday about my suicidal intentions. He said no. I asked if he could shorten the stay (instead of spending for 4 nights there), he said no to that too. I wasn’t able to talk with him afterwards because my stupid ass decided to have a mental breakdown.      The trip is today, and he would go directly after his lunch break from work. He says he doesn’t want to discuss with me about the trip again because he is going to be late for work. We had a huge fight because of that just now. He yelled at me and ask me to leave him alone, that he is not a nurse or a therapy dog, that I’m an adult and that I should take care of myself. He told me he sees himself as important as me, that’s why he’s doing this trip no matter what. He says he resents me, and that I’m blackmailing him to stay.      It wasn’t my intention at all, all I wanted right now was to not be alone. I apologized to him repeatedly and that I’m terribly sorry for inconveniencing him. He’s my only family in this foreign country. I’m terrified and I feel alone. I told him that I don’t see him as my therapist, I don’t need him to solve my problems, I just need him to be there. He then told me my breakdowns are too much for him, that I’m selfish and that he cannot deal with that.   I’ve always put him first and am always there for him whenever he needs me no matter what. I wished he could at least be there for me, not just when it’s convenient for him.     He doesn’t understand how important he is to me. It just hurts so much that after 5 years of being together, he doesn’t love me as much as I love him. I always felt like a second choice to my family, and now to the man I thought I would spend the rest of my life with. The first time I had suicidal thoughts, I confided my parents about that. My parents got very angry at me instead and yelled how could I hurt them like that.     Maybe I am not a good person, since I’m the common denominator in all situations. Both my family and my partner says I’m hypersensitive and overly emotional. Maybe I am too much for them. Maybe I’m a burden and I’m causing people inconvenience. I thought I got better after all the hospital stays and intensive therapy, maybe I was just lying to myself. I’m feel so lost and alone, I think everyone would be better off without me.      If you made it this far, thank you for reading. I’m sorry for the word salad, I am am unable to think straight now. I hope I wasn’t wasting your time, and if I am, I’m truly sorry.
