7f965b384f14fba99aff903023a49ad633c9768cc5134b0f56090f3e042cbc50;;;ADHD and Cheating;;;So. I’ve been dealing with this for over a year now. My SO (33m) and I (35f) have been dating for almost 4 years now. When we met he was caring for his disabled adoptive parents and I was just coming out of a 12 year relationship (divorce).  Ultimately I didn’t have a lot of hope in any relationship that I would have at that point and was dating around to see what it all was like.  I met my SO and was pleasantly surprised about the connection we had. So since the beginning we had somewhat of a barrier between us living together and getting closer on another level. At the beginning I was fine with this arrangement because I didn’t believe that this was going to go anywhere. Suffice it to say I did end up falling in love and wanting more. This created issues of course because he had sworn to dedicate the rest of his life to caring for his adoptive mother because she had basically rescued him as a teenager. Which I found incredibly amazing and I love him for it. It’s actually one of the things that made me fall in love with him in the first place. (His dedication to family.) Any way to make a long story short. The tension between us grew over time. I wanted him to be with me more but feeling guilty at taking him away from his parents and he felt guilty about disappointing everyone he loves by not being able to be there for everyone. He did at one time choose to move in with me for a while but it ultimately fell apart because his parents needed him again to assist them at their new living facility. They had downgraded and wanted to get assistance but were waiting on approval from the state.  So after all of that. He ended up cheating on me. But once he did it the first time he said (his words) fuck it and went all out. He started sleeping with 3 women continuously over a month and a half before I found out. Once I did I tried to move past it with him because I still love him and understood why it happened in the first place. And it was difficult to say the least. My ex-husband left me for another woman and he had cheated on me early on in our relationship too. The pain that I felt when he left me was like nothing I had ever felt before. I never wanted to be in another relationship where someone cheated on me but I love my SO and feel like this was all my fault.  I tried for months to get over it. To try to move past it and understand why it happened. Finally in December he moved back in with me all of a sudden and I found it pretty odd because as I understood it, his parents still needed his assistance.  It turns out one of the women he had been sleeping with went to the place his parents were staying and raised hell when he told her to leave. But the thing is that as many times as she had texted him he had responded with insults to try to “drive her away”. He wanted to handle things in his own way. I told him before that she was probably just trying to get his attention by contacting him and getting a reaction out of him. And the it ended up resulting in that. He ended up confessing all of this well after he had moved back in with me.  I had become paranoid at this point and eventually broke down and looked in his phone.  Apparently there was a 4th woman after I had forgiven him. Which. After everything. Is even more devastating.  His excuse was. He was still within the same mindset as the time he was with the other three.  I told him that he had completely devastated me and that I would never be the same again.  I tried breaking up with him and it only lasted a week.  It’s a lot. So much. And I get everyone is going to say WTF why are you still with him!? Since this has all happened. I have been dealing with trust issues. Especially the amount of times he’s lied about all of this to me. And he freely divulges everything that I want to “know” about the infidelities. Which so far has more scarred my psyche than healed anything. (His explanation for this is that if it was him he would be able to understand it if he had all of the details.) He’s been dealing with me being off and on emotional and paranoid. Saying that I’m over it all and want to move on and then a few weeks later something triggers me to be upset again.  Currently. I’ve been wanting him to find a job and help with the bills. He had dedicated his life to taking care of his parents before so had no need to find full time employment. But I can’t keep supporting us both on my pay for long. We had purchased a car for him last year and now the payments are past due because he doesn’t have a job and I can’t afford to pay for that on top of everything else.  I know I shouldn’t be with him - everyone tells me so.  I just want to know if there’s anyone out there that has dealt with cheating with an ADHD SO? How did you deal with the aftermath? How do you motivate an adhd to get a job!?? I feel like I’ve alienated myself from everyone I love trying to make this work. This is my last hope of finding any type of understanding if there is such a thing through all of this. Please someone help? I really am at a loss at this point.
