80bf8c7ba681bb91a1b1d51f36d87f7eebf018d2022252f5892b912e91fc49c0;;;A few things I've found helpful as a non adhd wife reading Melissa Orlov's books "The adhd effect on marriage" &amp; "The couple's guide to thriving with adhd";;;1. **Your happiness is *your* responsibility. Not your partners.**  2. Anger is the result of taking too much responsibility for our spouse’s feelings and reactions and not enough responsibility for our own life. You can address the root causes of anger in your relationship by giving back the responsibility for fixing ADHD to the partner who has it, while at the same time taking charge of your own happiness again.   3. Poor comprehension or memory is *not* personal *(this has been a hard pill to swallow as I've always had the mindset if you forget, it's not important to you)*  4. Adults don’t have the same growth momentum that children do to help enable and amplify progress. In adults, change comes from hard work, not getting a year older. This means that an ADHD spouse seems more prone to get “stuck” than a child does, and do things over and over again, which is just the opposite of what you would expect: you expect the adult to be able to progress, and the child to get stuck.   5.Applaud all forward progress. Research shows that encouragement, support, and recognition of success are far more effective than offering “help” when your goal is to inspire continued success.  *it's taken me a long time to accept my husband doesn't learn from mistakes/negativity, he needs to see the positive side. I'm still practicing this*   6. Always needing to be on alert, combined with being responsible for the majority of all of the chores and scutwork, results in exhaustion. Find a way that works for both of you.  *My husband responds well to routine and lists with reminders - we use the simple app "Codo")*  7. Don’t try harder, try *differently*.  Respect your individual needs and differences   Take responsibility for yourself, and only yourself   Find your own voice—that is, behaving in a way that is consistent with being the person you aspire to be and who is uniquely “you”   Create interactions and making choices that are “ADHD sensitive”  8. Don’t Let Triggers Send You Back to the Bad Old Days  *This one is by far the hardest, I'm trying every single day to follow this*  9. Treatment of ADHD is the sole responsibility of the ADHD spouse. If you are “invited” to participate by that spouse, that’s great, but assess whether that invitation somehow puts you in “control.” If it does, then back away and think of ways to support without controlling.  10. Understand that ADHD in your relationship does not in any way doom you to a bleak existence or hopeless situation. Both of you have within you the ability to live joyous, loving, companionable lives filled with happiness.
