81e0df486d5409dcfdb4c8ac3deeface54134e8a3e15c0c00e200cca6008d911;;;Please Help, I Feel Stuck and I Don't Know What to Do;;;I can't believe this sub exists. I'm so happy to have found you all because I don't know what to do and I'm hoping you all can help.   I've been with my now husband 9 years. We found out in the middle of dating he has ADHD. I didn't think much of it the time. It wasn't until we moved in together and subsequently married that I realized how difficult this all is.  I love him so very much, but I'm at my wit's end with all the ADHD symptoms.   First and foremost, the chore situation. We both have full time jobs so I feel like we both need to put 50% into chores. Getting him to do them is like pulling teeth. He WANTS to pull his weight and do his chores, but he has this internal battle where the choice he makes is typically playing video games or sleeping all the time.   Second, he doesn't know how to clean up after himself. Just last night we got home and instead of putting his shoes in the shoe sorter he puts them right in front of the door where I almost trip over them.  In social situations he'd rather sit on his phone in a room all by himself and scroll through Tumblr than have a conversation with people that have been in his life and accepted him, meaning they love him and want him to participate. These aren't strangers.  We did a bucket list trip last month and he complained the entire time. He claimed to be having a good time, which would have fooled me considering how miserable he acted.   He's so kind and smart I don't WANT to leave him, but I feel like a nagging mother and that I have a child instead of a partner. Any tips? Next steps? Books? Has couple's therapy helped? What do I do to stop this fighting and unhappiness? I'm so depressed and don't know what to do. Any help would be appreciated.
81e0df486d5409dcfdb4c8ac3deeface54134e8a3e15c0c00e200cca6008d911;;;Marriage About to Fail;;;I'm not really sure what I'm looking for by posting here. Perhaps just support/love/just someone to listen. Idk. My husband and I have been married for 3 years today. A few days ago he asked me if I wanted to do something for our anniversary.   I kind of blinked surprised that after 3 years of marriage and 9 years of being together and every single year I plan something and get him a gift and he forgets or does nothing every year just for us to fight and me tell him how I want him to just show that he cares he's only now just asking. I tried to keep my chin up, hope for something. Anything. That this year would be different. I mean, he asked right?  Today, my mother in law asked if we needed to reschedule our lunch date for tomorrow given that it's our anniversary. I was a bit confused given that our anniversary is today, not tomorrow. To which I replied that tomorrow would be fine. It occurred to me she had lunch with him today so he probably told her. I Alex her, "You're texting him telling him, aren't you?"   "Yeah..."  In the grand scheme of things it's little, but it's that tiny sprinkle on the ever-growing horde of cake. The chores that never get done, his inability to complete any task I ask of him, his lack of initiative, how he feels like a child, not a partner... I could go on...  I feel defeated. I feel hurt. I love this kind, gentle, smart person so very much, but I'm not in love anymore and I don't know what to do. The constant disappointment is really starting to wear on me.
