820c5da5b88440a62959072c67f844963f4d05392d01e9ee8e7cb247740e0917;;;I'm going insane and I don't know what to do - please help;;;Boyfriend is NDX - partly because his parents won't let him see a doctor without their permission (despite the fact that he's 22) and partly because I don't think he wants a diagnosis. I love him to death but I can't take it anymore.   Background: because of quarantine, I'm watching his cousin's 3 kids while the parents work. Boyfriend isn't working and didn't accept a job offer to go back to the restaurant he was working at because he's trying to pursue his film &amp; photography career. I don't know how much effort he's put into creating projects or finding a job, but nothing has happened with that yet. He's also getting about $700/week in unemployment, I'm making $360 a week for 4 days a week. I'm also a student and I'm taking 5 online summer classes this semester.   Today, I asked if he could come over and help me watch the kids. He'll come to hang out with all of us once or twice a week, and it also gives me the opportunity to get some work done. He is not forced into this in any way and comes to work with by choice.  Last night, we talked about him coming to help today as well as staying until the end because I have to leave early for a doctor's appointment today. He agreed and we went to sleep. This morning, we woke up together and got ready. I left for work, he said all he had to do was get dressed, walk the dog, and do the dishes (we alternate chore and it was his turn). I'm at work by 8, he told me he would be there by 9.   I'm tired. I didn't sleep well. When I got to work, the 3 year old was crabby because she didn't sleep well either, so she's insanely needy and grumpy which takes all of my attention.   At 8:30, he says he'll be there by 10. When 10 rolls around and he isn't there, I text him. He tells me he can be there at 11. I'm trying to understand what's making him so late. Sometimes he just gets "stuck" so I'll try to help him make a list of things he has to do to get out the door. He isn't answer texts or calls. 11 rolls around, he isn't here, no contact. At 11:30, he still isn't here, he still needs to get dressed and walk the dog, and the dishes aren't done. He can't tell me what he's been doing all morning, he says he doesn't know.  He finally arrives at noon. I don't yell, I don't chastise, I just give him the run down on what's happening with the kids, what needs to happen, etc. I go into the office because I know I'm upset and I need to calm down, as well as get some work done (when BF is here I'll work for 2-3 hours, again this arrangement has been agreed upon by both of us as well as the parents).   This situation happens so often, but every time I need him to be somewhere at a certain time, I believe that he'll be there on time. And every single time, he's late. Every single time, there's no communication that he's having a hard time. Every. Single. Time.   Typing this all out, I guess it doesn't sound that upsetting, but the issue is that this happens almost every time he says he's coming over, and I can't take it anymore. I need him to do something, anything to attempt to manage his symptoms.   I know it's hard. I understand that. I know his brain doesn't work the way mine does. But he doesn't communicate, he puts no effort into symptom management, he doesn't reach out for any kind of help. I be there for him in every way that I can. I give him every ounce of patience that I have. I love him deeply for who he truly is, even on days like today.   Obviously I'm not a perfect person, but there's definitely an imbalance in our relationship. I have a lot of trauma from childhood and when we started dating 3 years ago, I was really angry at everything. He told me that if I didn't get my anger under control, we'd have to break up. Since then I've done self help workbooks and gone to therapy and faced my trauma and done some really hard things, and I'm not nearly as angry as I used to be. But he's been like this since day 1, and hasn't done any work.   I'm not asking him to change overnight. I'm not asking him to become perfect. I don't want to "cure" him - there's nothing to cure. But I can't keep living like this. Lately, our relationship has felt like we're just friends with benefits, not a partnership. Lately I've been living my life like I'm alone. If he offers to do a chore I accept, but I really don't ask him to do things for us anymore. It's just easier this way.   I've tried so many things. I've tried directly helping him - buying him books, apps, setting timers and reminders for him, setting up our apartment to help him get through his day, posting routines on mirrors so he knows what he has to do, doing tasks for him, etc. When I do this, he says I'm being overbearing or treating him like a child and asks me to stop. I've tried leaving him alone to let him deal with things in his own way. When I do this, he says I'm not there for him and he feels alone.   I've tried just about everything I can think of, every tip I could find - I've tried it all. Nothing has worked so far. He tells me he cares and wants to manage his symptoms, but it's dawned on me that he's probably just telling me what I want to hear. I know I can't make him care, but I don't know how much longer I can sit around and wait for him to start caring.   I'm asking for anyone to help, because I'm losing my mind. Has anyone else ever had to deal with this? Has anything worked? I don't want to break up with him. I want a life with him; I just don't want this to be our life.
820c5da5b88440a62959072c67f844963f4d05392d01e9ee8e7cb247740e0917;;;How do you deal with the mornings?;;;Boyfriend of 4 years acknowledges that he might have ADHD and is in the process of getting a diagnosis. We’ve worked through a lot of hard things but sleep is really killing us. He refuses to follow any sleep hygiene advice, consistently claiming “nothing works” for him. In the mornings I’m up first, he snoozes for anywhere from 30 minutes to 2 hours. Some days he’s asleep the entire time. Some days he’s talking to me but an hour later he can’t remember the conversation. Am I the problem? Do I need to just let this go? I try to encourage him to do the bare basics - waking up and falling asleep at the same time each day, not playing video games in bed, etc, but it seems like I’m fighting a losing battle and I don’t know what to do anymore.
