83571c8ef292637dbc2f2c13ab5b813e2839d1af0c1b33f05c33f4c31db6861e;;;Does my husband have ADHD or did he just want an Adderall RX?;;;Hello,   I am new here, I just started to read up on ADHD and this whole new world is opening up...  Anyway, so my husband was recently "diagnosed" with ADHD. He says the psychiatrists who examined him (for 45 minutes only) were not 100% sure, they think "there is a chance he has ADHD". Even though the diagnose was not 100%, they still gave him a prescription of 20mg Adderall per day immediately after the examination. He has taken it every day since the diagnose and only takes a break over the weekend. I haven't noticed a difference in him at home yet.  Now, as you can imagine I am in quite the shock. I had not the slightest idea that he would go and get evaluated. He has complained about the amount and stress at work over the past couple of months. I assumed it's just a phase, that's how he described it to me. He wants to progress in his career to make "more money for us".  I am going back and forth between our two options a) he just wanted to get Adderall or b) he has ADHD. Both options are making me extremely sad, I cry for hours.   I am very confused and worried, I even started to think that I might have ADHD myself. Like I took one of these online tests with 9 questions and I can easily answer 5-6 questions with a "yes". Yes, I have a short attention span (I blame it on smart phone and social media), I forget things that I had to do, I sometimes have a hard time listening to people at work, but all of that I still think is normal.  I would like to get your thoughts on 1. his "potential diagnose" that immediately led to a prescription after 45 minutes of evaluation 2. Do you think he just wanted a prescription and gave the appropriate answers? ( I know he took Adderall in college from friends and he loved it back then) 3. Is it possible I have it myself?  Sorry, my thoughts are all over the place, but I would appreciate any responses!  xoxo
