846d6ee0d7d60cb0995d431218b510e6bd3b0978843597b82ff04af5c230e32e;;;ADHD boyfriend broke up with me;;;Around a week ago my boyfriend of 2.5 years (I’m 17, he’s 18) broke up with me out of the blue. Literal minutes before this point, I thought we were in the committed relationship we had always had been in. We had a big fight and he seemed to just shut down and end it. This is a bit of a long story but here we go. Around a month ago, he made a silly mistake. I forgave him for it almost instantaneously. However, he simply could not forgive himself. He was fine at first, but his guilt ended up eating him up inside. He went into a depression. Due to his ADHD, he also lost access to his emotions numerous times. It got to the point where just being with me was too painful to him and made him more depressed each time.   I knew about all of this, however; I never imagined he would leave. He hadn’t even gotten professional help in months. It seems like he just gave up without trying. He was on a family trip at the time and seemed to not care about what was happening. Every time I tried to text him about how hurt I was, he would say “it breaks my heart when you say these things.” He then simply turned his phone off. He left home so abruptly and I have no idea how he was so callous with it.  I met up with him the night after he got back. He wasn’t the same person to me, he didn’t have a light in his eyes; he looked damaged.after 2 hours of talking we agreed to take a break and not break up. This means we would leave our hearts open to each other, however, I was allowed to move on when I decided I was ready. We also agreed to absolutely zero contact and he said we would be strangers if we were to see each other again which really hurt.   I honestly don’t think this is the same person I’ve known For 4 years. The worst part is that he told my sister he didn’t think he could ever get better. My mere presence apparently sent him deeper into depression and sometimes numbness. I feel so hopeless.    Do you think this has anything to do with his ADHD coupled with depression? What should I do?  Thanks
