85fb826120e8f2ac9286f2e0b1cd79118df4a6c9abb28f84bbb62960847a2ffd;;;I feel so hopeless and defeated;;;Apologies for this mess of a post. I just need to get this off my chest.  My (dx, medicated) husband and I are starting with a new couple's therapist. She came highly recommended by my therapist for her experience with ADHD as well as sexual education and trauma. We've an initial appointment, then each had an individual meeting with her, and last night had another joint meeting.  I felt so seen during our individual appointment. I have CPTSD and had experienced sexual trauma in my past and I felt as though she saw me and validated the issues we'd been having. My husband doesn't "get" a lot of my background and has blown past my boundaries many times to the point where we're living like roommates because I don't feel safe anymore and can't trust that he'll remain mindful of my boundaries. But I finally felt a bit of hope after my individual appointment because she just got it and with her background in sexual education I thought she'd be able to help my husband get it.  But then the session last night felt so pointless. My husband brought up a realization he had around double standards and that his needs aren't my needs and it's ok for me to do something that he's ok with but I can ask him to not do the same to me. Something we've talked about a half dozen times and isn't new at all. I just felt my heart sink because *that's* where we're starting? At the very beginning, the fundamentals of being in a relationship and realizing that you and your partner aren't the same person?  Then we moved on to discussing communication styles and what we're hoping to change with how we communicate. The therapist sent over some articles from Dr. Gottman, including "The Aftermath of a Fight." I read it in the bathroom before bed while sobbing because it (to me, anyway), assumes a normal fight or disagreement between NT partners. There's no framework in there for when you've made your needs and boundaries and expectations clear over and over again and your partner just doesn't get it.  I just feel hopeless. Both my individual therapist and our couple's therapist are out of the office for two weeks. All of my friends adore my husband so I have no one to talk to. The only thing I've got right now is a solo booking at an AirBNB nearby for a glorious 4 nights next week that we're calling a "retreat" even though it's a trial run to see how much I miss being by myself.
