86671616c5503f219178f082bcefc44261d445b6f3a7637e770c1400e4e61011;;;Childishness is getting to be too much;;;Dude i am so sick and fucking tired of this. I’ve been with my dx non med boyfriend for 4 years. Its been a struggle but i stay and help because i really love him. His mom never cared to help him when he was dx at 7 or 8, and now hes 21. It’s so hard because he’s a dickhead and is so rude to me for no reason. I dont want to correlate it to his adhd, but at this point i think he’s just a douche. We had to go to my friend’s to drop off something and my friend doesnt like him for the fact that my boyfriend hadnt treated me right in the past. But i assumed my boyfriend would be good and be civil to at least say hello. My friend called me the next day and felt insulted because he straight up ignored my friend. I told my boyfriend about this, and man. He just got so angry and said, “i told you i’d ignore him”, ??? What! I was like dude put your feelings aside and be civil... that’s so childish and embarrassing and he starts going off about why the dude doesn’t like him etc etc. Had i known my boyfriend would act this way, I would have never asked for the favor! He always has this demeanor that no one can disrespext him, etc etc. it’s freaking ridiculous because his anger clouds his judgement and i’m really sick of this.
86671616c5503f219178f082bcefc44261d445b6f3a7637e770c1400e4e61011;;;Just found out my boyfriend of 3 years has ADHD;;;Where do I begin? I’m 21, NDX and my boyfriend is 20 DX. When we began dating, he was 17 and I was 18 - just graduating high school. We were similar in our mindsets at the time as we were both high school kids. He was held back a year, so he was instead two grades below me at the time. I always felt like something about him was off, but I attributed his anger issues to the fact that his father was distant and had been deported when he was young, and his mother was fairly absent. He spent most of his teenage life alone, or outdoors all night with friends. His mother called the police on him a few times, became a “born again Christian” and forced him to only follow the path of religion to he would repel against. He grew up in a harsh neighborhood full of poverty and violence, all of which was the opposite for me. In my mind, he suffered a lot of traumas beyond what I had listed; he always said that my presence had been his light, and that I was his savior. The relationship took a turn when I started to get used to the love and affection, and I would be harsh to him when he did not always give it to me. He would often be confused, forget many things, get angry quite quickly but because he loved me so much - he would make it up any way he could. Near our two years, he ended up falling off and not wanting to be with me any longer. I admit, I had become vindictive. I did not care about his constant cries for help, begging me to understand that he was trying his best to be a better man for himself and us; I had become accustomed to the lifestyle that was having the ground beneath me be worshipped almost. There had been a rough patch where certain things transpired, breaking our relationship because he gave up altogether. And as did I. But whatever we had left, was strong enough to bring us back together. Still, as our relationship continued to get better, I noticed the same patterns of confusion, disorganization, the relentlessness to be active and have a consistent job. He was always the type to get bored of a job and quit within the first 2-5 months. I, however, obtained a hotel job two months after high school and began college right after I graduated. I am the opposite. He yearns to be the same, or at least, be on a better track. However, something within him was limiting himself from getting to such a point where he was able to be cognizant enough to get it together. I grew very frustrated, and quite frankly - began to see myself growing tired of him. These feelings emerged just a month ago.   Three nights ago, he blurted out that he has ADHD during one of our FaceTimes; myself, prior to his announcement, appearing disinterested as usual.   He began to cry. I asked him what he meant. “I was diagnosed around 7 or 8 years old. My mother did not want to give me medication. After a year of dealing with me, she finally told me I didn’t actually have ADHD”. I see it when I’m in their home and she berates him. She belittles him, says he is not a man, makes fun of him, tells him that I (me) deserve a better boyfriend than he. I always comfort him, despite how I felt. Now it was clear. Every suspicion I had, all of the questions I had pertaining to his “odd” behavior... it all makes sense.  Where do I go from here? He is not opposed to seeking more help. He tearfully said to me that he was happy someone finally wanted to understand him. I want to punch his mother in the face. He could have been helped much sooner than this. I have no idea what direction to go in, but I do know that this discovery has rekindled the love I have for him once again. I realize that the entire time he had been trying his absolute hardest, he was being the most honest, he loved me as much as he said he did. I know that I must be there for him, to combat this and accept it and love himself for he has never done so.   Thank you for letting me vent.
