87f4fb7085afeb08689503f1a14f3262bcc27ac25ecaa550d5946aa0f14e8841;;;Am I being unreasonable?;;;This has been an ongoing issue that I am continuing to struggle with with my ADHD partner (23 DX, medicated). It’s a consistent thing that he’s always playing video games or games on his phone or scrolling through whatever app on his phone while we have company visiting. His sister and brother in law come to visit every couple months, they live a three hour drive away, and we’ll all be watching a movie or TV show together and he’ll be playing his switch on the couch next to us. We’ll be outside sitting on the patio chatting and he’s on his phone. It absolutely infuriates me, I feel like it’s exceptionally disrespectful and rude to the people visiting. None of the visiting folks have ever mentioned it but I feel absolutely mortified over the rude behavior, and angry that despite the fact this I’ve expressed to him that it bothers me a LOT, he still continues to do it.   Am I being unreasonable about this? I was raised in a pretty strict household, and if I were to have my phone out while visitors were around I would have gotten in enormous trouble. Even now as an adult my family would be very upset if I showed up to a family gathering and just sat on my phone or a gaming system. Is this just a result of my upbringing, or am I justified in being frustrated and upset?
87f4fb7085afeb08689503f1a14f3262bcc27ac25ecaa550d5946aa0f14e8841;;;Do you ever just have to laugh at the situations we end up in?;;;My lovely ADHD partner had me cracking up this morning at a classic ADHD moment. I was planning on making this homemade ham and bean soup that I love to make after we’ve had a bone-in ham, since I can make my own broth and all that’s in it is ham, broth, beans, and onion. I realized I didn’t have any onion and was dreading having to run out to get one. My sweet partner offered to go to the store to get it, and I was so happy and touched that he would go out of his way. He was on his way out the door, asked me if I needed him to grab anything else. I asked him to pick up litter trays from the pet store as well, and he was like “okay! Let me know if there’s anything else!”  He left. A while later he returned, litter trays in hand, a bag with coffee creamer... and no onion. He felt so bad for forgetting but I couldn’t help but laugh. He came back without the one thing he went out for specifically. I told him it wasn’t a big deal and we had a giggle over it, no harm done. But it just felt like such a classic ADHD moment.   What little mishaps have you and your partner encountered?
87f4fb7085afeb08689503f1a14f3262bcc27ac25ecaa550d5946aa0f14e8841;;;Personal hygiene and time awareness issues?;;;These things aren’t TOO bad but I am curious if they may be linked to ADHD. My partner (DX, medicated) often just doesn’t brush his teeth for days. His breath will be bad and I can see the buildup on his teeth when he talks. It’s definitely gotten worse since quarantine started, I think having work to go to helped him have a morning routine that involved personal hygiene but honestly the tooth brushing has been an ongoing issue whether he has to leave the house or not. Besides just being gross, it’s also a bit embarrassing if we’re out somewhere and I know that if I can smell his rank three-day-old breath then anyone else were with can smell it too. He’s had to have cavities filled a fair amount and I think the only thing that keeps it from really doing lasting damage is that he goes for a cleaning every six months like clockwork. Does anyone think that this is something ADHD related, and have advice on how to address it? I’m afraid of triggering some RSD symptoms but I really think it needs to be addressed.   Also, usually we don’t have a huge issue with this but lately it’s started to show up a little: timing skills. For example, we’ll go to the mall and we’ll only have maybe 45 minutes before we need to leave to be somewhere else. He says he wants to go to one store and I want to go to another. I’m happy to go to both but let him know we don’t have a lot of time so in order to do both we need to be brief. We go where he wants to go first but he takes so much time that by the time that he’s finally done and ready to leave, we really don’t have much time at all. He still wants to try to go to the place I wanted to go, but I’d only have maybe five minutes to look around before we’d have to leave so it feels pointless. I was a bit disappointed, and he apologized and promised we’d come back another day so I could spend as much time as I wanted looking around wherever I wanted. But I did have to talk myself off a bit of resentful disappointment that he insisted we go where he wanted to go first and spent over 30 minutes in there despite me pointing out that we only had a little bit of time.
87f4fb7085afeb08689503f1a14f3262bcc27ac25ecaa550d5946aa0f14e8841;;;Some books I’ve come across recently that are helping my ADHD partner and I;;;My partner (23M) was diagnosed with ADHD about a year ago and is currently working on finding medication that works for him. The diagnosis has explained a lot about his ‘quirks’, but we’re struggling a fair bit with navigating the difficulties that ADHD symptoms can bring to a relationship. I recently found The Couples Guide to Thriving with ADHD by Melissa Orlov and Nancie Kohlenberger. Melissa’s husband has ADHD, and Nancie and her husband both have ADHD, and they talk a lot about what it’s like to be part of an ADHD effected relationship. They offer so much insight and a lot of different tactics for tackling ‘hot spots’.   I’ve felt SO seen and since I started reading this book and have started reading it aloud to my partner, pausing for discussions about how the subject matter relates to what we’re going through. It’s given me a lot of perspective and understanding I didn’t have previously and has  me realize what actions I have adopted to try to help things, that are actually harmful overall, like ‘parenting behavior’.   I really highly recommend it, it’s a fantastic resource.
