89343ad902663105f6da5745e34a1231b393f53f6c59487c7dc6e207a6055dbb;;;Partner’s inattention = physically/emotionally unsafe situations?;;;I’ve (F33) been with my partner (M31) for nine years and we’ve only just discovered he’s got generalized anxiety disorder and inattentive ADD about six months ago. It certainly made a lot of things fall into place in both our minds (i.e. his fairly-regular absent-mindedness, forgetfulness, struggles with structure and planning, inability to initiate a variety of tasks, etc.). He’s seeing a psychologist and psychiatrist and is also on meds. I try to involve myself as much as I can as well by reading up on the condition, watchings vids and going with him to couple’s therapy at least once a month; it’s not always easy but I have learned a lot and we try to take it day by day.   Lately, though, I’ve become really worried that his occasional lapses in attention may become somewhat dangerous for me. I’m suddenly consumed with fear that he’ll lose focus at the wrong time and it’ll be during a critical moment in which something bad can happen to me OR perhaps a third party might malign me in some way and while my SO is present physically, his focus would have been non-existent to the point that he doesn’t even step in to intervene or help defend me. Some recent real-life examples include:  •when we were both at the gym and I was at the squat rack with him as my spotter. I was doing a rep and lost my balance and almost fell completely backwards with an additional 60lbs on me. I was able to catch myself on my back foot but was still pretty unstable and it was only then when I was a second from  falling that my SO woke up and ran up behind me to catch me. I was angry and scared at the fact that he wasn’t paying attention at such a critical moment (and also blamed myself for having had him spot me in the first place);  •a friend of mine who was passing through town came over and spent two nights with us but on the second night, for some reason, she became really bitchy and passive aggressive with me and it hit me hard because I’d only ever known her to be nice and caring. I was really depressed and cried about it after she left and my SO did...nothing. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not some damsel in distress, but damn, he couldn’t have taken her aside to talk to her or written her a message as a concerned partner? He did notice I was affected by her behavior and, honestly, an outsider came in and made your gf feel like shit; as a SO, wouldn’t that merit some sort of defensive action on your part at a minimum?  There are other examples over the course of our nine years, I’m sure, but you get the idea. Am I alone in this? Is it an exaggeration on my part to feel scared at the fact that, at some point, his inattention could come to affect me in an even more serious emotionally or physically dangerous way down the line?   I did actually talk to him about this last night and he came to me tonight very remorseful and apologetic, promising me that he’ll lean in more in regards to therapy, taking his meds on time, doing more research on techniques outside of therapy to help improve his attention, etc. He also asked me to please be patient with him as this whole thing is brand new to him, too, and it’ll take time for his attention to improve. While I understand his point, I also feel as though waiting and being patient puts me at risk for another incident; how long will it take for his attention to improve and will I suffer for waiting? I’m feeling angry and scared, and not very hopeful for the future. Have any of you also gone through this?  Thanks in advance. ❤️
