898762baedec7b65e0f90b5cfd5db8435c0fa5338d34af495ed0aa07e278df8f;;;ADHD Rambeling Behavior and Hobbies;;;I was going to comment this story but thought merrited it's own post. This post was discussing an ADHD spouse rambeling to and stealing the hobbies of the non-ADHD spouse. Which I can relate...  My favorite was a few months ago my boyfriend decided he loved interior design for like a day. It's been a lifelong interest of mine and I am decorating our new home. He talks and talks about all of his ideas, which were not realistic for our budget and time. He then announces he wants to decorate the house. My boyfriend has excellent taste, but he's never followed through on projects. When we first started dating he claimed he was handy, because his dad was a repair man. When we moved into our first apartment I found out he was afraid to hang things up on the wall for fear he would electrocute himself. So, yeah.  I respond to my spouse, "I love your taste, this will be a great help, I need something to go there, there, and there. Do you want to go with me to the flea market to pick out some pieces? Do you want to go with me to the frame shop to frame this print? I would really love your input." He never went to the frame shop or the flea market.  Months later we were doing a Gottman exercise where we said a few things that we love about eachother. My boyfriend said, "I love the way YOU decorate the house."
898762baedec7b65e0f90b5cfd5db8435c0fa5338d34af495ed0aa07e278df8f;;;Feeling like I'm always messing up/walking on eggshells;;;I'm just venting in this post.   My boyfriend is hard to be around on the weekends. I had plans to go to the beach today with a friend, partly to avoid him, but also because I have more social needs than my boyfriend can provide. My friend canceled the beach trip I was really looking forward to. And my boyfriend and I had a rough day (no surprises there). My boyfriend was angry at himself throughout the day, because he couldn't relax. When I wasn't feeling completely ignored, I felt like I was being picked on. I told my boyfriend I was leaving, and that I really needed some social interaction today. When I came back home I was still feeling bad and was tearful. My boyfriend realized and said he was going to stay with me and give me attention. I was so relieved he was able to figure this out. I know I said it in plain English, but even that does not work sometimes. He comforted me for a bit, but it was not long before he began crying and saying he's been feeling depressed lately. So I comforted him, and my feelings were second to his again (and again and again). Later we went out to eat, and we came back home. My boyfriend was breathing very shallow, I asked if he felt okay and that he was breathing shallow. He immediately took it as a criticism, and said I was making him self conscious. Now he's having an RSD reaction to a mild concern I voiced. I'm feeling like I'm at the end of my rope. I cannot do and say everything right. I'm so tired of having to be the voice of optimism and positive affirmation all the time, while my boyfriend is critical, angry, and grumpy.
