8990cded7d283a49bd2465e3ce9d08f59fa617f3d2e7d32c9353344526602940;;;How to Support My Partner in Figuring His ADHD Out;;;I (25F) have been with my partner (25M) for 4 years but he only found out over the summer that he has ADHD. He had previously been in therapy and gotten a psych exam done because his therapist thought he might have depression. Instead, it came back that he had ADHD which we has talked about being a possibility since we had looked at symptoms before and thought a lot of them fit. Anyway, since then, I was able to help him sit down and make an appointment with a doctor to look into medication (something my partner wanted) and I showed him some helpful articles I had found. His doctor recommended a prescription and to come back in a month. My partner's insurance has a high deductible so he pays a lot out of pocket up front, but paying for the medication is still cheaper than what I pay per month for my premium that covers pretty much everything for me. Anyway, he's having trouble getting his prescription switched and I feel that he has pretty much halted any progress on working on himself. We recently were talking again about how I don't feel him being present, he commits to spending time with me at a specific time but then doesn't uphold that time, etc. We're supposed to get married next year and when he was diagnosed with ADHD and I realized how it impacts out relationship, I cried because I felt like I was making up all of our relationship issues. Now, I feel like if nothing changes as a result of this diagnosis, I'm going to be miserable. He hasn't really looked into strategies or anything that could help him on his own, and we work on communication in our relationship together but if he doesn't openly communicate with the people he's playing video games with on his end (ex: hey, I have to be off at X time) or set reminders on his phone to be done at a certain time I'm not sure what I can do. He felt horrible last night when he realized he hurt me, yet again, by promising to be off of his video games at a certain time after we had just discussed how I need more quality time in our relationship. I wanted to problem solve but he seems sure that he's just like this and there's nothing he can do.   What can I do to support him without feeling like I'm the only one leading the effort and doing everything for him?
