8a2896f52599143a8595a40c6cd563691b75e0d893d6e945b1f02b067986e65d;;;Just so tired;;;I love my husband like nothing else. He’s my best friend. He’s an incredible person who is the only person who’s ever really understood me, connected with me, been on the same plane of existence as me. He’s my life. I know that I’m his too, and that he loves me more than anything.  But I’m not getting the emotional support from this relationship that I need.  He is going through the diagnosis process, and if it’s not ADHD there is absolutely something else going on. Hopefully docs can help him get to the bottom of it.  He struggles to truly empathise. If he doesn’t agree with the way I feel about a situation, he’ll over ride me until I drop it. If I’m sad or mad about something and he doesn’t want me to be, he’ll say that I’m “not allowed” to be. This is particularly bad when it sounds like I’m blaming him or mad at him for something. Even when I’m not. This is a daily issue, to the point that I don’t know if I bring up something about my day if I’ll get a sounding board to talk through things or be shut down. Because sometimes he is capable of listening empathetically, but maybe like 25% of the time. It entirely depends on what’s going on with him, more stress for him equals less care for me. But he’ll be incredibly empathetic and caring - basically the opposite of how he is with me - with other people. He could complain about his day for an hour straight, but if I bring up one mildly negative thing then to him I’m “constantly complaining”  He is incredibly vain about how other people see him and will put me down to make himself look better in their eyes, and will honestly not realise that it’s hurtful. I’ve also been told I’m “not allowed” to talk to my girlfriends about things between us because they might think less of him. It’s his emotions #1 all the time.  If we disagree on something and we argue about it, if I don’t back down he’ll eventually turn the conversation into character attacks on me. Like that the reason I said a particular thing is because I don’t respect him or some other malicious or mean intent. It’s like he actually thinks the only reason I’d do something different to what he’d do is because I’m being an asshole in some way. He regularly tells me how he thinks I feel and when I disagree he just gets more annoyed. Once he said that I must be autistic because I was able to immediately explain what I wanted out of a particular scenario.. because he isn’t able to organise his thoughts in some way there must be something “wrong” with me.  His memory is atrocious and getting worse. He’s currently also on pain meds for a separate issue which compounds it. I’ve seen him entirely forget conversations from hours before. I’ve seen him totally misremember things and then get angry when I try to correct him. He is also a either habitual liar, or his memory is so shot that the version of a story he’s telling now will be different from what he told you an hour ago and he’ll not realise the difference.   The section in [this](https://www.helpguide.org/articles/add-adhd/adult-adhd-attention-deficit-disorder-and-relationships.htm) about “how non adhd partners feel” is 110% me every day. I’ve shown him this article, multiple times, he says he’s read it but he either hasn’t or doesn’t remember. He certainly won’t have a constructive conversation with me about it.  I honestly think that he does not see and/or remember the mean things that he’s saying. I don’t believe he’d intentionally hurt me and I don’t believe he knows the pain he’s causing me. This is all legitimately a reflection of how his brain interprets the world and he doesn’t see the impacts this has on me. It’s like he’s living in a bubble of delusion.  But.. if you took adhd out of this as a context these would be abusive behaviours and any sensible person would leave.  But I don’t want to leave, I want us to buy a house and have babies and sit on our porch at 90 watching the sunset. I want to explore and experience the world with him. I want to keep building the wonderful friendship group we have.   I shouldn’t have to choose between that and being emotionally cared for. I don’t know how to get that from him or even to get him to understand how I feel.  How do I make this work without sacrificing my own needs? If he is diagnosed and medicated and things don’t change, what then?  He wants me to see a psychologist because he believes that me being upset at him when these things happen is a me problem. He also refers to this when I tell him that I need emotional support, he wants to outsource it. He doesn’t see that that’s hurtful to me because to me that’s acknowledging he isn’t intending to, or capable of, providing me the emotional support that I should expect from my husband and so I should spend my time and money to get it from someone else for an hour a fortnight. Yes I’ve tried to explain this, but it turns into him gaslighting me, using me being upset at this as “proof” that I have “all the hallmarks of depression”. I don’t, I know what I’m looking for, I am not depressed, I just want to feel supported and loved and cared for unconditionally every day by my husband.  I will go see someone, at least to talk this stuff through. But I’m so scared that their recommendation will just be that the best thing for me is to go. I honestly am struggling to know what the right thing to do is.
