8a6deb16b716658b13464be1ce84bd1795e40dd19c34264308a66a82e15ed96f;;;ADHD Boyfriend Moved Out to Work on Mental Health;;;My (30F) boyfriend (27M) and I have been together for 4 and a half years.  I have asked him to go to a therapist for 3 years for some coping skills but he was resistant to the idea because he hates talking to strangers.  He was diagnosed to have ADHD about 2 years ago, experimented with a few medications and ultimately stopped.  He was diagnosed with Anxiety a year ago, and just yesterday, he picked up meds for that (hooray!)   &amp;#x200B;  When I woke up a week ago, he told me he was moving out with a friend, and he had already moved some stuff over.  I was hurt and confused because I felt he should have discussed that with me before doing anything, and he has done this once before.  He stated he would have non-stop anxiety when he was living with me and he didn't have any time to himself to unwind.  He agrees he hasn't communicated that very well with me, and if he had told me he needed time to himself, I wouldn't have bothered him.  &amp;#x200B;  I'm really supportive of him focusing on his mental health, and I think it's important he prioritizes finding a therapist (which he said he planned on doing by the end of next week) over our relationship; however, I let him know I don't know how the relationship will be better if he couldn't communicate with me right beside him supporting him, how is he going to communicate when we don't see each other or he forgets to call me.  &amp;#x200B;  I guess I'm tired.  And while I'm happy he's searching for therapy for his own improvement, I'm hurt he's doing this after he moved out.  I'm not sure where to go from here.  He said he'd only come over once a week until his mental state improves, and then he'd increase it.  I guess I feel it's unfair to me because with this arrangement, I feel like I don't have a supportive boyfriend.  He doesn't always answer the phone, text me, or call me when he says he will.   Is it unfair to ask him to choose to be here with me so we can work on these issues together as a couple or choose to stay away and not contact me until he's ready?
