8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Anger;;;I'm still a newlywed, 10 months in.   While we were dating I had no idea. It was the classic ADHD whirlwind and we eloped after 7 months of long distance dating.   The INSTANT we married, everything changed. The hyperfocus dropped and within the first DAY, the ADHD took over our lives.   (He couldn't even ask for his wedding day off of work, so he took a lunch break, got hitched, then of course made it home later because he got caught up in work).   He's improved in some ways, but my life is a tornado of confusion. He refuses to consider anything is wrong or amiss.   He is:  \-chronically late to every single event in his life, ever.   \-will not clean anything in the house,ever.   \-cannot stay on task. at all.   \-impulsive to a scary degree. impulse buying, spending entire paychecks, and then blowing the rent money, bill money, food money, etc. jumping from jobs impulsively, etc.  \-inattentive. He's sometimes better, sometimes terrible. If I didnt grab his arm, look him in the eye and spell out what I need, he would happily live in his own world with his own needs not even being met.   We both work full time, and I come home to the very giant load of things to take care of, while he comes home and cant even imagine what I could possibly have on my plate.   There's no confronting him. Any sort of tone that's less than gleeful is seen as rage and an attack. There's no talking calmly about what's not working.   I'm in therapy, we saw 2 couples counselors and BOTH were so charmed by him, I was the bad guy.  I am angry. I wake up angry. I go to sleep angry. I run, I have friends, I take supplements, I am spiritual, I have a dog, but I am seething with anger most of the time.   I cannot move past it, but I need to, because anger is ruining my life.
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Lifestyle Approaches--NT Breadwinner?;;;So, NDX partner is still in denial, but is coming around slowly.   I went part-time at my job, so I could manage the house and home-life responsibilities. It lasted one week, and then husband started fighting me on it.   So, I'm back to full-time. He's back to jumping around for jobs and meaning . He's employed but threatens to quit daily.   So, while we're playing around with "How on earth do we live our life", I'm wracking my brain for options.  Does it seem to go well if the NT partner is the breadwinner? I really wanted my NDX partner to be, because he's brilliant, capable, and it would deal a blow to his ego if he wasn't.   BUT I don't think he believes in his own ability to keep a job. He throws enough tantrums about having to stay at a job, that I'm nearly ready to throw my hands up and let him work whatever nonsense job he wants for 2 months until he finds he new fix.   YET, that drives me insane. Because I will be the dumping ground for his emotions in every transition.   I'm having heart pains now, because of his nonsense. I'm 31 and physically fit, and I thought I was having a legit heart attack last night, because my anxiety about his job stability is being thrown through the roof.   I just don't understand how he can possibly live his life in such a state of cortisol and stress AT ALL TIMES. like dude....CALM THE F DOWN.   I'm just at a loss, and was wondering if anyone has found a great balance.   Is it easier to be the breadwinner and let your non-NT partner work whatever job they want, or do you make them stay solid, nomatter what? Do you work part time?   I  am so lost, and not a person understands or can help. My therapist doesn't even believe in ADHD, and no one else I talk to does either.
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Creating Healthy Habits for ADHD Fam;;;So, I read the recent post about how many people have ADHD children as well.   My mother has it, my father might, and possibly my younger brother. MY husband and his parents as probably a good 3/7 of his siblings have it.   We have  STRONG chance of it in our kids.   It sounds so daunting. But I wonder if there are ways we can create and build healthy coaching and habits into our children, so that they are equipped for success in adulthood? My husband has struggled with adult life so much, and both sets of our parents struggle horridly too.   There's got to be ways to break the cycle and at least teach ways to handle life better!  Any success, mom/partners of ADHD?
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Not Who I Am;;;Does anyone else feel that since being with your ADHD partner, you haven't been able to show how you really, truly are?   I have never been an angry person, or a person that cares about details. I personally, am not good at the details of daily life, and prefer to live in a rosy world of beauty. I am sweet and kind and gentle, with a passionate flair.  BUT, living with a partner with undiagnosed and untreated ADHD has turned me into this monster that I have never known.   Because I also hate domestic things, but have no choice but to take over all responsibilities, I am now overwhelmed with spite because I have to spend my free time doing all the terribly unfun parts of life. Cooking, cleaning, bill paying, errand running, scheduling.....all stuff I did before, but just for me. But now I do it for both of us, and theres a whole new pressure.  I was never one to fight with partners, but since marrying someone who disregards every form of normal partnership (mutual responsibility, time management, financial responsibility, scheduled things) I feel like he cant even get to see the real me.  When he complains that I am not who I said I was, I feel so awful. He's right, I CANT find my way back to myself because I'm bogged down with all of these life things, and feelings I never had to deal with before.   Even my friends have commented on how I'm not the happy person I used to be.   I'm afraid the woman my husband sees will never be who I really am, or who I want to be, because I have to strain so hard to uphold our life on my own.
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Ways Forwards;;;Obviously, both of us working full time, and then me coming home to maintain the household responsibilities and social obligations, and my own personal growth and hobbies and taking care of physical health and fitness and a dog just cannot happen. I am grumpy and waaayyy overly stressed.  I ask for help around the  house and he goes to do the gardening and doesnt touch the chaos inside the house.  We've tried many different things but because he's not medicated, he just cannot and will not take care of his shit.  So, to make life less stresssful, this means I will  have to work part time. I am so very grateful and proud that he works hard, that he's successful in his job. So if he wants to be the main breadwinner, more power to him.  But I cannot live a life of chaos. So if I work part time, and then have a couple of days a week to manage the rest of life, I think that will work best. Then the simple chores of dinner dishes after work can be his thing, and the deep cleaning will be mine.  Has anyone else found a system like this to be helpful? I would 100% hire cleaning ladies and cooks, if I could afford it. But I cannot, so I have to make it work by not working full time.  I figure if the big things of life are out of the way, he can take care of little things.  Also, we are going to try for kids next month.   \*\*I DONT want to hear about how thats a bad idea. I was a nanny for 11 years. Children are my heart and soul and give me more joy and fulfillment than anything else in the entire world. The only thing holding me back was the fear of "how to handle ALL RESPONSIBILITY"  but I think working part time and have 2 days a week being my  "home work" days, makes it 100% doable and what will work for our family.
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Defeat;;;I felt a small, weary ounce of defeat yesterday.  After an entire marriage of having my plans cast aside for his ADHD projects, I give up.  We were supposed to go on this adventure yesterday. After spending most of the day in bed, on the way out of the door, he starts 3 NEW PROJECTS. I get in the car, and he's like "well, we cant do that now because I have SOOO much work to do."  and I was like " [we.are.going.NOW](https://we.are.going.NOW). Get in the car. NOW. We do not have TIME for you to do this. You realize that will take hours? We do not have hours. "   I bit back my tongue about how he could have started HOURS earlier, gotten out of bed and been productive.   He was pissy the rest of the night, saying I was hindering him from doing what he wanted.   I felt so utterly defeated, I actually laughed. I laugh cried. Because this is my life.
8aafc46c922ded9869ef23894031179776b96a712e174e8494cc4dc507fb9d10;;;Alternative Lifestyles, Better Fit?;;;Heyo,    So as my ndx partner and I have been trying to problem solve.   I think think he could really, REALLY thrive in a people-first, networking role that allows him to jump from person to person, topic to topic. He's I  sales, but we both are actuallt educated and trained for the non-profit, relief aid sectors. Within the past year of him not working in that sector, I see how much he genuinely struggles with the day to day grind of a 9-5.   We're coming up with a plan to lead a non-cpnvetional life abroad, in developing countries for our skillset, but for now helping him stay focused when he's bored at work is soo hard.  I believe the best way to success is letting him live to his potential in his out-of-the-box roles that are people and idea focused.   Does anyone else's spouse thrive in non-traditional work and roles?   My brother is severely dyslexic and schizophrenic, an did spent my whole life angry at a society that is just not built for him.  I feel the same.about my husband. He is just not wired to fit in a pretty neat box that society wants, so we're choosing to throw the box away and build our own.   It also helps that the countries will be working in are 1. NOT time oriented 2. Focused more on relational living instead of westernized success.  After we figured this out, I feel so much better.   The western world is made for the NT brain only, and it sucks.
