8b7e3b4619b3b395130dfdfdb6a6ae8456b3ea8d7a3711bfcc5c0697f8464302;;;Really, really struggling with ADHD bf- and not in a place to change things either;;;Don't know where to start with this as there is just so much to rant on about, but I will try to summarize:     My ADHD spouse is a (successful - but I don't know how?)general contractor, who currently is dead in the water for work right now. I am a medical admin/ dog breeder, with the latter being my current gig. We rent a 10 acre property which houses myself, boyfriend, my daughter (8 yoa), 7 adult dogs, 3 puppies, 2 horses and one cat.      Now that the preface is covered.. would like to get to the present. I do everything; literally everything. Including the thinking for my SO. He constantly leaves wrappers, crumbs, clothes everywhere, shoes wherever he pleases, dishes, power tools, etc. Anything he touches, he leaves a job for me to clean up after. One "man-associated task of garbage":  Cannot empty a garbage bin if his life depended on it, and in fact our garbage on one side of the deck it is currently stacked up to the eavestroughs (another pile on the other side of large deck is also starting to climb to the eavestroughs)- as it has been over 4 weeks that he has been saying he will take it and dispose of it, after a prompting of my reminders. There might be an area (or several areas) of the home that need help or attention but he will just walk past, for days or weeks, not caring about the need to keep things in order. He is more than capable of cooking a breakfast, but he would rather starve than start a breakfast for the family if I am tending to other urgent matters....  Last week, it was to the point where I had to remind him to shower- as our sex life is garbage. That's a whole other rant where I get zero attention or compliments or anything at all. He simply cannot do any single task without about 400 reminders and constant pushing, usually to the point where I blow up as I cannot handle having to ask nicely so many times. He does put his dinner dishes in the sink sometimes though.      I run my own business with dog breeding(Alaskan Malamute ), which is extremely busy and on it's way to extreme success and prosperity with the continuance of this 4000+ year old breed. I plan on re-populating Canada with health-tested,genetic cleared dogs that were nearly wiped out in both the world wars. This is an extremely busy endeavour, but on top of this I am the only one who cooks, cleans, does laundry, manages household affairs, and 99% of the time takes care of our.... 14 dependants.  I am absolutely losing my sh\*t.      We moved in June of 2020, and ever since, I had been wondering why my life was so terrible. I unpacked every single box from our two homes combined. Didn't hit me during our honeymoon move in... Couldn't figure out why I was exhausted, why I just could never ever keep up. I blamed it on having 2 litters within about 4 months for quite some time... it was to the point where I had no sleep for about a week or two, or no sleep constantly, and still trying to cook dinner and make sure every one was okay and fed(sometimes can barely manage basic needs for all doing everything on my own), then the breakdowns began. Crying constantly, major anxiety to the point where sleep was the devil, and my angel at the same time. I worried that if I slept, no one would get food or water, worried that my life as I knew it would be even more chaotic if I tried to sleep, as my SO was "lazy" and a pothead, he called it.  I continued to have severe breakdowns for months and months on an almost daily basis, meanwhile, my relationship with my SO was getting worse and worse, as he would only jump to help within the home (or anything) if I was severely upset and had left the home.      We are 8 months into moving in with each other, and last week, I was sitting down having beer with a neighbour, and said neighbour brought up the topic of his brother being autistic. He described some characteristics that I thought were similar to what I was experiencing, and for about 2 days wondered if possibly my SO was on the spectrum but was undiagnosed. Then it hit me.... He alwyas blew off his ADHD as resolved and self-treated (With cannabis-heavy use). He is not autistic at all, but merely has a severe case of ADHD. All of a sudden - so many things clicked. We could be in the middle of one topic, and he'd blurt something out, I'd say what? And he was already talking out loud about the next topic he is going over in his mind, but I didn't know that and was confused. Simple math equations that can be done by a non-add person, he'd always whip out his phone to calculate. Every single item/job/task that fell prey to his procrastination, was suddenly accounted for. It explained why he was just talking to whoever would answer his calls, or whoever he wanted to talk to all day long. Explained why the 10 loads of his clothes laundry from his old house (that I washed for him), were never put away. So many things all started to click....      For ya'll that are still reading and hearing me out - thanks. This is a huge post as I am new here and as mentioned earlier - just absolutely losing my sh\*t.....      I spoke with him on Valentine's Day. I had received no flowers, no hugs, no kisses, not even a verbal "Happy Valentine's Day". I might mention here that he scrambled at Christmas and said the gift that his parents got me was from him, as he had gotten me a chair massager/warmer for $80. Not that I am materialistic - a card and heartfelt notions are the best gifts. Just the scramble of taking someone else's hard gift got me at xmas, then the zero scramble of nothing at V-day threw me right off again too. I work my ass off for this person. Try my very best to make sure he has a hot meal every night, and that the house is clean, try to be loving and tender and affectionate - despite almost zero help from him. I let him know this on Valentine's day, and we talked.. Talked of his ADHD, and he did give me his attention for about an hour - promised to seek help and get on the ball.I promised that I would be right there behind him to help him, but in order for me to be there, he must initiate goals/action plans that will help us as a couple. I explained that I feel he is ignoring my health, as I am going down. Drinking alot, cannot sleep, doctor is prescribing pills and sleep studies etc., but does know I am coping with so much. My SO barely acknowledged my efforts within this talk and infact could barely control a laugh/grin as I remarked on the seriousness of it, but made a promise to research and find the tools to help us(ADHD doc, whiteboard, etc.).  Was not very optimistic about this first chat at all.     Today when in passing, as that is how terrible our relationship has gotten due to this, he laughed at the idea of more ADHD research. Shirked me off again, walked away again. Has no desire to help himself. And I am exhausted. I have no time to enjoy anything myself and am just in a downward spiral. Was near suicidal last month, and only now realize that I was very foolish to have even thought about it given these new updates.      My intricate problem here is that..... my credit is absolute shit (funny enough due to another person that had an ADHD diagnosis as well that I didn't succeed with- didn't realize many things until recently). My family can not really help me that much either, seeing as I own 5 adult dogs, and 3 puppies. It is too much for most people. I do not have much cash to get away, nor would the proper place be affordable.  I really really want to get away from this but I do still love him at the same time. Just do not know how to possibly continue on as we are . As many days I am quite ready to pack my dogs in the truck and just drive.... Does anyone have tips on how to train/help an ADHD person? I have tried encouragement, have tried threats, have tried every possible thing under the sun. He is very much so like a child that depends on someone, and he knows that he can depend on me- for everything... but... He is not the willing type and I fear I will be going down, alongside my business as well.  Any advice at all would be greatly appreciated.....
