8bae50e0875425dc5030a3bc5d3dff82a8c3ceb1d5eb54eaaf9151612d7fd299;;;He's getting angrier and needier the longer we're together.;;;Me and my boyfriend (30M) have been together for 3 years. When we first got together, before I knew about his diagnosis and all that comes with it, I was completely smitten. We were obsessed with eachother and fell madly in love. He was excited about life and me and our future. Moved in together and we've been living together for a little over 2 years.  Needless to say things have taken a turn for the worse. He hates his job so he's always grumpy. He stays up late playing video games at night so he's always tired. His medication makes him nauseous so he frequently goes all day without eating. I don't start work until a couple hours after him so I stay in bed and he's becoming super resentful of me in the morning. Sometimes I get sass about it which is a pretty shitty way to start the day. Up until last week i would get up and iron his work clothes for him. I'm currently working a full time job, a part time job, I'm taking 2 online classes (I'll be starting full time school in the fall), I cook all of our meals, I usually clean up after those meals, as well as most of the laundry and a good chunk of the house cleaning. So while I am trying to be sympathetic to the level of stress his job brings, I'm wearing myself out. Which is why I asked for him to iron his own work clothes from now on. It takes 5 minutes. It's not hard to do and I get to stay in bed for another 45 minites. It's now been a full week that he's been pouting and throwing in my face that I'm "pulling away from him" because of this. "Why don't you sleep in the other room to make sure I don't wake you up." He has moments of clarity from time to time where he realises that it's not a ridiculous request and he should take on some responsibility for himself and his appearance as a 30 year old professional. But then sometimes when he gets in his moods he doesn't want to be around me. I am the most scornful bitch to ever exist because I won't do his chores for him while he does nothing in particular.  He doesn't look at me lovingly anymore. At most I'll get a fake smile and some crude comment about my boobs. I've suggested therapy because in my unprofessional opinion, he seems to be depressed. He sets goals for himself and then promptly decides he doesn't care anymore and makes no attempt to follow through. When I suggested therapy he laughs in my face, so he's probably not going to be on board for trying that anytime soon. He's a great man in many ways. But those moments are getting fewer and farther between the longer we're together. I'm not sure if this is a rant or if I want advice but I need to feel like things might get better. Thanks for listening.
