8be11673d1bd39070d99078a5ac1cef343f2de5019b41182957cfe6247db963c;;;Am I unsupportive, or is the relationship just overdrawn on his end?;;;I posted 5 days ago about being on the verge of divorce. My husband (ADHD pi, later in life dx with minimal support or empathy growing up) pointed out that I had a few years there where I was dealing with attachment issues, and he stuck by me and loved me through it and he was disappointed that I was not willing to give him more time to work on himself. That was fair I thought so I said we can set aside the separation talk and I would give him more time but I absolutely had to see him work on being dismissive and invalidating. We had a nice Thanksgiving. Then he worked a double Friday. Then Saturday he was grumpy and emotionally unavailable because of the double Vyvanse dose. Then yesterday there were more practical lapses, and rather than try to be receptive to my complaints and my feeling of having less trust, he got all legalistic about it and tried to disprove the things I was upset about.   So, I was factually wrong about 2 of 5 items, and that means my feelings are invalid. I told him you said you'd work on this validation stuff, and here we are like 2 days later and you have an opportunity to practice and you're not doing your work, and you have until I go to bed to show some effort at receptive listening or I cannot delay the separation.   He didn't really do that work, and he's basically saying that I'm being unreasonable because Saturday he told me he's fighting off depression.   I am so tired of his mental health issues taking up all the bandwidth in the relationship.  I am so tired of him using them as an excuse all the time. I have attachment issues and the very next day we had after making up from the fight he was kind of crappy to be around all day, and then minimized my issue with that.   So, I feel like it's very hard to be supportive about his depression if that implies I am also supposed to just let go of my very important emotional needs. I feel like he is being self absorbed because I already accommodate his ADHD all the time, and now I say this is super important, and he's like but I'm depressed.   I feel like you can be depressed and still make an effort to understand your partner's perspective instead of trying to disprove it. I feel like he shouldn't expect all this caretaking and tiptoeing around his feelings and catering to his incredibly avoidant coping and then also be like well I can't be expected to do what you want because I feel bad. He's implying there's a lack of empathy on my end, but I mean, he's perpetually overdrawn on the emotional bank account here.   Am I wrong? Am I supposed to to set aside my needs perpetually? Is it not reasonable to want him to make more of an effort than that so soon after a fight that almost ended the marriage?   Is this normal for people with ADHD to be like this, myopic and stubborn and incapable of putting in effort to create a sustainable stable positive connection, or is this specific to those that have crappy coping skills?
8be11673d1bd39070d99078a5ac1cef343f2de5019b41182957cfe6247db963c;;;I think we are headed for a divorce and I do not know what to do;;;I do not know what else to do. My parter is ADHD-PI, medicated for work but not for home time, and the doctor won't adjust the meds. Husband not currently in therapy despite my sleeping in another room for NINE MONTHS as a visual reminder to him that I needed him to get some help for his defensiveness. Well, the therapist went on vacation, a month ago, and he's not reestablished care and now of course another delay tactic - says he needs someone different, but guess who has to actually find that person? My husband won't do it.   Some of the problem is the ADHD, the executive functioning issues, the underemployment. Some of it is the extreme defensiveness that makes him dismissive or legalistic and invalidating when I'm upset with him. I use "i messages" and talk about feelings and needs, and none of it works to actually get my own emotional needs met or have a productive conflict resolution experience. He wants to disprove me, or minimize my concerns, instead of just doing some relationship emotion repair to restore broken trust (a common theme).   We are on day 4 of an argument, and it seems that we are nowhere close to resolution, and he has the irritating habit of just forgetting the way he left things. So he leaves things shitty, then another issue happens and I respond with hostility and he's all confused... because he has the pleasure of not holding the entire marital context in his head like I have to.   He doesn't remember the marital counseling advice he is supposed to follow. He doesn't practice new skills without being reminded. I'm so tired. If he could handle conflicts better, if he could be accountable for broken trust, and try to repair things, instead of just defending himself, maybe I could stay. But I don't know how to stay if this is the best it gets?   He also has some legal issues related to some poor decision making (EF issues again, bad ones), and he's minimizing the impact that they have on the family.   He's got a collection of things that he isn't using, that he won't sell to help pay for his child support to his first wife.   His way of coping when we have problems is to run away and he doesn't come back and say ok I'm calm now, let's try to talk about this. He just disappears, ignores my messages, and then acts like nothing happened. It is infuriating.   &amp;#x200B;  I guess I am here wondering do these kinds of things get better? I'm sick of feeling like the parent of a teenager yes, but I'm much more upset with the communication problems, the invalidation, how he has to see me as stupid or crazy when I'm upset instead of try to take my perspective.   Does it get better? We have gone through 3 marriage counselors. The last one actually fired us. The first one saw me raging at him for being unemployed and not even trying to find work and decided I had a personality disorder rather than a rigid expectation that a partner actually adult if they are an adult in body.   &amp;#x200B;  Clearly I'm in a negative place here. I don't know where else to turn. WHenever I go somewhere and try to talk about what is going on with us people just say I should leave him. But I wonder could it get better? I hate to take our shared bio child away from dad unless it's clear that this is all truly intractible. Are these communication problems part of the ADHD or part of some subconscious sexism or what? Help :(
