8c9dc48b6777d09b3010eddb084f004f55ea7e6489bb8a4db048ed9545051229;;;Boyfriends ADHD is clashing w my anxiety.;;; We’re both 27 and have been dating about a year. I feel like my boyfriend has pent up energy from quarantine and it's driving me up the wall. Or his ADHD is acting up and he isn't taking his medicine not sure which. We recently moved in together so that's an obvious stress factor, along with being with each other 24/7. I've tried to bring stuff up as it happens but I feel like he's not understanding that I feel overwhelmed. Some stuff that's happened lately:  * Too much energy / aggressive with stuff - he's super rough with stuff for no reason. He pulled our blinds in our new apartment off the wall and broke them. He pushed boxes around into my mirror and almost broke it. He will just throw things around without thinking about it. He isn't aggressive towards me, and I don't think he would be. It's just kind of mindless and frustrating, like he doesn't value our stuff. He also randomly shouts things when he’s excited and stomps around. He drives pretty recklessly and I have to remind him to wear a seatbelt. This has eased up quite a bit since I’ve been reminding him.   * Carelessness - Left a burner on and left a pot top on it. He burnt his hand really bad taking it off, ruined the pot, and melted the handles off our new stovetop. Not a huge deal in retrospect and I know it was an accident but we JUST moved here and we rent. He leaves burners / the oven on often and I have to check and make sure he turned stuff off. Yesterday he was picking at threads on the side of our placemats and now they're all fucked up looking. We've had them for 2 days! Stuff like this is driving me crazy.  * Acting like things are a joke - He found out that I didn't know something that he deemed as common sense. He kept asking if I was trolling / joking with him and I started getting angry because it seemed like he was mocking me. I eventually googled it and it turned out it ISNT common sense because he was wrong about it. I told him it was wrong and I was upset he laughed at me and he didn't apologize and tried to just move onto another topic and I told him I was upset that he wouldn't apologize so he did, but he had to be prompted to.   * asking hypothetical questions: everyday he asks me at least 2 hypothetical questions. Ridiculous ones and sometimes they’re funny but usually not. “What if I dumped that hand sanitizer into my salad?” “What if we order takeout (after just ordering takeout for our last meal)? “Would you still like me if I got a mullet?” Questions like that often. I try to just laugh it off but it gets annoying.   I just feel like I'm getting more and more annoyed by these behaviors and I've tried to talk to him but I don't know that I’m getting through. I think some of it might be heightened by his ADHD and my anxiety, on top of quarantine. I know none of these are super horrible things but collectively it feels annoying to deal with stuff like this every day. His energy level is like always at a 10. I just want him to chill out. When he’s calm, everything is wonderful.   I sat down and talked to him and he doesn’t want to go back on meds, said they make him feel less human. He said he can try and form better mental habits but now I feel like the burden is on me because I have to tell him what behaviors he’s doing constantly because he doesn’t find them problematic. I’m not on meds for my anxiety (because I typically have it under bay and I didn’t function well on the 3 I tried) so it would be hypocritical of me to tell him he should take meds. Not sure what to do.
