8f56675e0b78ab1492333cf8dbd50f42d360b8e9a8826769bc2f9a7d10046c5f;;;Constant walking on eggshells. Where is the balance...? What even truly works?;;;(That is a rhetorical question...mostly and this is mostly half a rant/half an invitation for advices if anyone has any idea I guess, if we knew we all wouldn’t be here having these problems after all)  TL;DR long term r/s , communication never go anywhere anymore, not at the end of my road or anything, just plain frustrated and want better for both of us. I’ve read and tried to apply a lot of the tips suggested on this sub and advice for ADHD in general in vain for the most part.  For additional context , I am 30M with NDX 26F partner.  Gather round ADHD partner folks, I am sure all of us have by now a dozen of ADHD help books under our belts.   We know negative reinforcement don’t quite work, tough conversations are often too overwhelming for our partners and sure I could just love them through it all but that would not make me any different from an enabler now does it ?   I am aware of the guilt and potential shame preventing those who suffer from truly coming to terms with their issues but unless it is faced head on it is only going to cause more problem down the line.  Kicker is, when you DO manage to thrash out an issue and get your point across somewhat , I feel like a tyrant forcing someone with a broken leg to run a marathon. All I need from my partner is an acknowledgement of the issue, get us on the same page to go towards the solution together. Instead I get  days or even weeks of self loathing and I’m left feeling like I should have walked on eggshells and not brought up the issue after all.   On managing it, I try to suggest solutions and I get that they don’t all work and me just saying “try this” gets frustrating but I hear “I try so hard and get frustrated I can’t because of my disability why isn’t that enough for you?” . Because in my opinion it was never about (just) me ? Clearly it isn’t enough FOR HER as well if she’s living unhappily .   Last but not least I am sick and tired of hearing any variations of “I don’t want to be a burden/ I am sorry for being a burden”.  First of all, strictly speaking a lot of it are , some I’m happy to help, some I do begrudgingly but whatever, it is what it is, might as well make the most of it. I don’t care for sorrys, I would love some gratitude for a change (and I have brought this up but it worked for a day top) Any idea asides from perhaps saying “I would prefer you thank me instead” days on end which just sounds self-absorbed.  To end of on a somewhat cheerier note, for most parts we don’t have big ‘issues’? Just bubbling resentments from my part for always being ready to help and do things and take the initiatives but still get brushed off for not being supportive enough/sensitive the right way . Just thinking out loud and would appreciate others chiming in.  Apologies for the wall of text and thank you if you’ve made it to the end. Hang in there too.
8f56675e0b78ab1492333cf8dbd50f42d360b8e9a8826769bc2f9a7d10046c5f;;;How do I let go and let them learn from failures but avoid being an enabler ?;;;Hi all, hope everyone is doing best they can in this pandemic.   This is not an ADHD specific issue on a whole I recognize but I (M, in my 20s) realized my partner( NDX in her twenties) have the tendency to like many others DX or NDX hop into hobbies and make impulsive decisions (and at times (quite often actually) in my opinion, financially unwise purchases) and as of late, even grand business ideas that has little basis for success in reality.  Now the natural thing to do would be to advise them away from it but whilst our communications have come leaps and bounds from months ago, every time these topics come up she tends to be very avoidant and I can see why because despite my best effort to word it in the best way I can, I am essentially pointing out how her hyper fixations on her hobbies/potential business ideas is wrong.  Now we are not financially linked so as much as I’d love to get her to see my side on this, I think at the moment it’s a lost cause so I will tackle other issues instead of pressing on this if she’s not receptive. She can learn from failure or her regrets later, she’s an adult as much as I am.  That being said, I obviously don’t support it 100% and that shows but I’m trying to work on that. Furthermore, I feel like unless I show 100% support she has lately been shying away from sharing her interests.   Have anyone found a good balance between letting go and showing adequate support so they don’t feel ‘rejected’ but also not be an enabler/coddler as I feel just supporting without also bringing in awareness is also supporting their financial irresponsibilities ? Any advice would be much appreciated. TIA
