8f6d6c8fdc50e5e7bc8515eb44b8496071817557e4848ef6449b45beb856a615;;;How can i (27m) with adhd be a better for my partner of 2 years;;;Im currently unsure of our future, but I'm being patient and giving her space to think things through without pressure. She loves me and wants a future together but obviously love is not the only criteria.  I've recently switched medication from Concerta to Elvanse and its definitely helping me see a bigger picture, my own flaws, and remain present.  I'm reading through this subreddit and its all hitting me like a ton of bricks, because i am that person causing such hardship, not every problem is because of adhd, but so many of these posts from you all talking about your partners sound just like.  I know you all seem very aware of how hard it can be to have adhd, but i hadn't realised how specific adhd can be regarding the chaos and problems it causes in a relationship and how truly hard it is on the other person, who is so often left feeling alone, unheard, resentful and exhausted and held back.  I suppose im really just asking for help, i dont want to be that person who hurts her over and over again, i dont want to keep taking, i want to be able to help her grow the way she has lifted me up, i want to be dependable, i wana be the person i want to be, but i don't really know if i can ever be that.  I've only quite recently realised that i have to get therapy soon and as regular as i can, but financially i cant do so for some time and waiting on NHS to refer me will take 5 months  I just want some help getting pointed in some kind of direction to go so i can try and fix these faults cause i don't wana keep being full of false expectations, letting everybody down and causing pain and just taking all the time.  I need to find/work out how to better manage communication in a relationship, to stay consistent, to make her feel head and not put on the sidelines, i feel like I've been a fraud handing out lies and tricking her into staying, i really try but i keep falling off and im not living up to the person thay i say i am.  Is there any couples work or methods of talking or practices i could try to start implementing to help us stay open and on track? any particular books or talks to listen to with ideas i can take to try and be a better partner?   I'm not totally letting myself down in life, its hard, but I'm doing it, but theres so many variables in life and i cant shake this self centered tunel vision  Have you got personal experience from your relationships with adhd partners that you can share or offer insight into that i could be considering, or anything that your parners with adhd do that makes it worth it? Feel more heard and less alone? Or anything you wish they did?  Sorry for the wall of text, thanks
