8fee166da41def03cd85f055c558b1610bbffc551f6e248adc6ecbb4f01be366;;;Does anyone else run into this?;;;Sorry for the long post but I'm waiting out a spiral from my partner and it helps to get this all down.  My ADHD partner is extremely intelligent, loving and kind. More so than anyone else I've ever met. She is most times understanding and has definitely helped me become a better person over the years. I love her more than anything.   However it's like there is a Jekyll and Hyde complex. Whenever she spirals, this normally soft spoken and kind person becomes extremely angry with me and doesn't cool down until several hours or sometimes days have passed. As many memory problems as she or any ADHD person may have, all of a sudden she can remember every wrong thing I've done or said both real and imagined in the past 7 years with crystal clarity. It can make my thoughts during arguments extremely difficult to put together when she brings something like that up and I'm suddenly overwhelmed by a rush of shame or guilt.   It's created this complex in me where I feel like I can't be human or do anything wrong. Every mistake I make will come back to bite me. Every misspoken word will take root in the back of her mind even if she's not aware of it. I don't see this as her fault. She was gaslighted often and maliciously by her family for the first half of her life so maybe it's a practiced defense mechanism so she could hold her own during arguments with them but it's translated very badly into our relationship.   There are going to be times I mess up. Today I made a thoughtless off hand comment about her appearance that would have upset someone even without ADHD. That was on me and I can't apologize enough to her for it. The problem is that whatever causes her to spiral whether big or small, if the spiral is bad enough she questions whether our relationship is worth it and this was definitely a big enough fuck up to make her spiral. Sometimes it's in the form of her telling me I should find someone better, sometimes it's her thinking we just aren't good for each other. Often when she's in a better head space I'll ask her if that's how she really feels and she always responds that she was overreacting with negative emotions. She only ever talks that way when spiraling abut no matter how many times we've weathered the storm I still get scared that one day that negative emotion of our relationship will stick even when she calms down.   How does everyone else cope when their partner is in the middle of a spiral? Especially if it's a spiral caused by you?   TLDR; Normally kind and loving partner has bad emotional spirals and lashes out in a Jekyll and Hyde transformation that also causes her to question our relationship.
