905bf2c55843d23876548273eb857d0a6edb1dab972eeec6a6538d01fbdfcc3c;;;I need her to understand that WE DON'T HAVE THE MONEY;;;Throw away because it's better. I'll keep the back story as brief as possible. TLDR at bottom.   Struggling to keep our head above water and she isn't making it any easier. (43m, 41f) I have been the money manager for several years now. We have separate joint accounts so we have access to all the money, but we manage our own accounts. Impulse control is a big challenge. She has made huge strides in improving but it's still so hard sometimes.  Christmas is coming up. Our niece and nephew have asked for a few things that are reasonable and a couple of very expensive items (like $100-200). Their parents seem to manage a little better than us but they are not going overboard with gifts as these are certainly all 'wants' and are in need of nothing.  My wife is determined to get the big items AND the little things. I said we can do one or the other but not both. We already have the lesser priced things. We have zero funds until payday the fri before. I cannot make her understand that just because the money will appear to be there, it's already accounted for.  I have shown her the numbers. I have shown her when bills are due and what paychecks cover them. She is tying emotions to the gifts. She says they are only little once (4 &amp; 6) and while I understand her sentiment, it's about financials for us.   I don't want to have to explain to anyone that we can't participate in this or that because we spent all the money on gifts. I don't want to explain that we can't make the christmas goodies we always make because we don't have the money.   She thinks if I just work overtime then it's covered. I tried explaining it's not that simple. There's debt we are paying. Any 'extra' isn't extra.   I also want to be respectful of their parents not wanting more junk to fill their house. This is her brother's kids. She just wants to focus on the magic of Christmas and all it entails.  I truly understand that about her and love that about her. But when it comes to the reality of it all, there is a hard stop. I don't know how to make her understand or put my foot down. I feel like I'm drowning. Any advice would be great. Also, I'm the non-adhd.  TL/dr: wife wants to buy presents we can't afford even tho she thinks we can we get paid again. Showing her the numbers does nothing as she thinks working overtime will solve it. Idk how to get the financial situation through to her.
