90b84193024cadc24d851aaa6c50573e65f9609790b08a4cbcb68e871d0f6eb3;;;My diagnosed partner thinks I’m manipulative and controlling...;;;My partner was diagnosed recently. He’s been on adderall for about a month, and his concentration has gotten significantly better!   I manage a lot of things for the both of us, such as doctors visits, prescriptions, household chores, driving anywhere (Only I have a car and a license).   Sometimes he has self-destructive tendencies, especially if he’s cranky/in a bad mood from work or not getting enough sleep. He’ll play video games and watch tv until like 4 am, watch YouTube videos, not get out of bed all day, and not want to do any of our usual activities (going for a walk/run, go out for dessert, etc). I don’t know if this is specifically related to his ADHD, but it happens. When he’s cranky, I usually try to coax him to do something different to get him out of his rut.  Well, it happened again last night and today. This time, he accused me of being controlling and manipulative, and admitted that he’s felt like that this whole week. We had a plan of going out to a coffee shop (with our masks on of course!) for an hour or two. So I tried to get us to stick to our original plan, but he kept getting more upset that I was telling him to do something he didn’t want to do. I don’t think I was being particularly forceful, but I understand how he could have felt like that.   During this, I stepped out of the house because I was really upset and I needed some space to calm down and think. He got really upset because he was worried about me and he also said that “it’s a way of controlling him because I know he can’t get anything done or get out of this mood if I leave since he’s so dependent on me”   Not sure what to do. We have a follow up soon with the doctor though. Has anyone experienced anything similar? I’d appreciate any advice!! I’m also worried if this might be a side effect or something. He refused his medication this morning...
90b84193024cadc24d851aaa6c50573e65f9609790b08a4cbcb68e871d0f6eb3;;;Supporting my partner with stress at work;;;My boyfriend has recently been diagnosed with inattentive subtype ADHD and has started medication (we’re still adjusting the dosage). He’s been really stressed about work and upcoming deadlines and finds it difficult to actually do work because he’s so stressed and worried. He’s super worried that he’s going to get fired or yelled at because he hasn’t been able to meet a deadline on Friday.   This, in turn, really worries me and stresses me out, because I feel like I can’t really help him and I don’t want to nag him to work (because I know it’s not because he doesn’t want to work or he doesn’t try hard enough) and I don’t want him to resent me. I also don’t feel like I can tell him how stressed I am because he’s going to feel so guilty and he already feels so terrible.  What can I do? This is somewhat new to me. I’ve been dating him for 5 years, but it’s gotten a lot worse since the pandemic started!
