90d7164a652ac7cb38c9d1d0a020af4d7d303b35729efbf5e76b7e7b6d09be3a;;;Tactics for getting the dishes done?;;;Hi!   My partner and I have been dating for 2.5 years, and we moved in together roughly 6 months ago. He's a part-time student, full-time employee DX with ADD. I am an overworked, over-stressed, very tidy, biology PhD student. There have been some small issues (i.e., him playing video games *all* weekend); however, everything is great for the most part. He's great about communication, and I can deal with him being kind of forgetful and late for things because those are issues I too struggle with. The major issue is that I have been feeling totally frustrated by the lack of help around the home.   When we moved in together we divvied up daily household chores based on what we each like doing. I love cooking and doing/folding laundry, so I took those tasks. He said he preferred taking care of the dishes and taking out the trash, so he took those tasks. I typically take care of bigger tasks, like cleaning the bathroom, because I know my tolerance for grime is far less than his. He's great about chipping in when I do ask for his help with the bigger tasks; however, he *never* does his daily/maintenance tasks (i.e., dishes and take out trash). When I remind him about the tasks he either gets grumpy about having to do them or says he will do it later and never does, then I get super upset because I already cook dinner everyday and don't want to be the one doing all the work, then he feels super bad and promises he'll do better, lather, rinse, repeat. The worst part is I'm starting to not believe him when he says he'll work on it and try to do better.   We both know it's an issue that won't go away, but I don't think either one of us knows a good plan for breaking the cycle that he will be able to stick to. At one point he tried having a system of post-it-notes by the door for him to check off his chores before he left for work in the morning, but he never used them (like literally never). I have tried looking for pro-tips online and the advice is either divvy up household chores based off what people enjoy or drop your expectations. We did divvy up household chores based off what people enjoy, and there is no way I am living with a sink full of dirty dishes and an overflowing trash can. I hate cockroaches and that is 100% how you get cockroaches.   So I was wondering, how do other people address these kinds of issues?
