910341cecba3b2ee3211da0eb844231dc0668f3d7f95f3a31e1d47ed9c5dcb5d;;;I Wish I had a success story to tell;;;During our entire 5.5 year relationship my girlfriend had undiagnosed ADHD until she was finally diagnosed a few months before it ended. I mentioned in passing a few different times that I think she might had ADHD after certain events but no actions were taken. I’m not resentful for that, but knowing ADHD was in the picture would have made all the difference. I would have been able to separate you from the symptoms… You didn’t lock us out all those times, your ADHD did. You didn’t mean to interrupt me when I was sharing something important, your ADHD did. You didn’t forget important things I told you, your ADHD did.  Our relationship started off rocky. There were a lot of intense fights but we persevered for so long and made so many memories together, good and bad. I think those early conflicts still did their damage and we never fully recover from them. I think your ADHD symptoms were more uncontrolled at the start. How could someone get so angry so quickly, yell at me at the top of their lungs and be over it so soon? Did I screw up that badly? Was it worth that huge fight or was it just ADHD and emotional dysregulation? I always tried to communicate you had a temper that was hurtful to me. I voiced that it would be more productive if you communicated issues you had in a serious tone so we can work together on it, rather than go straight to yelling at me.  I communicated my complaints such as your messy room multiple times and you said you'd get to it and improve. I took your word for it the first few times and believed you. Days turned into weeks and you never really got to it. When I'd bring it up again I was "nagging" and I’m sure I was but it hurt when I took your word only for there to be inaction. It felt like I was being lied to. Eventually, you became defensive and said the room wasn't messy even though others complained about it to me, unsolicited. You eventually went on the attack and said I wasn't organized myself either. I offered to help but you always rejected it. I felt like a parent, not a partner.  How should I have avoided being naggy when I take your word only for there to be no results?  I tried really, really hard to believe you every time you recalled something said or occurred as evidence during an argument we had. You forgot things I told you, but during an argument, you're 100% sure of critical events or things said. I tried to believe you and think I did most of the time, but credibility plays into the picture. Unfortunately, when you typically forget things or not follow through on your words, its hard for me to not see your credibility as damaged.   There was crying from you during every single argument. Sometimes understandably so, but other times over the smallest of things. For example, I tried to be open and honest by communicating things that bothered me in a level headed approach but even some of those attempts lead to tears. You said you didn’t mean to cry but how was I suppose to be able to feel free to communicate things with you and work as a team when so many non confrontational attempts led to tears. Crying during every argument eventually had a boy who cried wolf effect. Unfortunately, I think I became numb to it at times.  Understandably, you turned to your friends to vent and get advice when we had issues. I can’t help but feel like my perspective was adequately voiced. How could you tell an unbiased story when we were already at a disagreement to begin with and everything your friends hear is coming from you. They don’t know the entire story of what we’ve gone through in our relationship and past trama that might be exposed in this fight. They’re also your friends and I can’t help be think already on your side to begin with. I got along with most of your friends but knowing that one did not like me when I barely had interactions with her made it obvious she didn’t like me from things you were sharing with her. Maybe if she fully knew my perspective it would’ve helped her get a better understanding of what I was feeling. But I still acknowledge I was horrible at times. I’ve read that bad mouthing your partner to your friends and family is the silent killer of relationships. I agree.   I was not the greatest partner. I was angry, failed to show how much I loved and cared for you. Admittedly, sometimes my love got lost in middle of all the chaos, but it always came back. I became something I am not proud of and I am so sorry for some of the things I said and did. I should have treated you better. It was just so hard at times through the some chaos of our relationship. When things finally seemed to go well and we were both improving and happy, something negative would occur and a fight would ensue.  I just wanted an amazing and happy relationship with you but I guess that won’t happen now. You’ve grown so much better and unknowingly managed your ADHD symptoms when you weren’t even diagnosed and I’m so proud of you for that. Often I didn’t understand you and we just couldn’t seem to see eye to eye. Knowing you had ADHD would have changed all of that. In an effort to become a better partner, I spent hours and hours researching and reading books about ADHD as well as its symptoms. Looking back, I can see clearly it was the cause for so many issues we had and it would have been amazing to move forward with this knowledge in hand and improve our relationship together. It breaks my heart that’s not an option anymore. I've learned that diagnosis is the first step in improving an ADHD relationship, but as soon as we made that first step you wanted to end our relationship.   You were dealt cards that have some positives but also some negatives. It isn’t fair you have to go through life with those negatives and feel like you’re not good enough. You are stronger than so many people, myself included, for facing ADHD. I love you and I’m sorry for things I did. It’s a shame this didn’t work out. It’s been killing me everyday.     If you think you or your partner has ADHD, please get tested immediately. The knowledge alone will be eye opening and you two to finally begin to understand each other.
