927fd906b4c59d22dd28f792f9c6db8244b797e5e90affbd621b3b69c6609661;;;I don't know if this is one of ADHD symptoms (flirting/women)- My husband;;;   My husband said he was okay to go to a day trip with one girl. She is a single and a neighbor.  The story is :  She asked us to go to a day trip but I was not able to make it. And then my husband said he wanted to go. Also, he was okay to go with only her.  But it looks like she didn't want to go with only him.(1:1). And then, he kept saying ' Does that mean she didn't want to go with me? '  I told him why he wanted to go to a day trip with only her. It is weird. He said he was a grown up man. She is a grown up person. So there is no restriction for them. That is why he wants to go to a day trip with only her.  I don't know why he really cares her. I feel like he didn't respect me even though I am his wife.  And also he ( over 80%) asked me to text her to hang out whenever we hang out. One day, he made food for her since he saw her on his way home and she looked sad. He wanted to invite only  her to our brunch since he said she looked so sad. After we helped her to move some furniture (over 3 hours) , at night, he wanted to check if she was okay or not. And he kept saying to text her.   &amp;#x200B;  Last night, I asked him why he really cared her. He didn't say anything and said I didn't understand the whole content.   &amp;#x200B;  He sometimes gaslighted like I was too sensitive/ negative/ racist /impatient.   Is that one of symptoms? If not, I don't know what  I am going to do.   Since he tried to do at least 'casual interactions' with her. That is cheating. I felt humiliated and still shocked.
927fd906b4c59d22dd28f792f9c6db8244b797e5e90affbd621b3b69c6609661;;;I feel like my soul is dying due to my husband. (flirt / cheating);;; My husband said he was okay to go to a day trip with one girl. She is a single and a neighbor.  The story is :  She asked us to go to a day trip but I was not able to make it. And then my husband said he wanted to go. Also, he was okay to go with only her.  But it looks like she didn't want to go with only him.(1:1). And then, he kept saying ' Does that mean she didn't want to go with me? '  I told him why he wanted to go to a day trip with only her. It is weird. He said he was a grown up man. She is a grown up person. So there is no restriction for them. That is why he wants to go to a day trip with only her.  I don't know why he really cares her. I feel like he didn't respect me even though I am his wife.  And also he ( over 80%) asked me to text her to hang out whenever we hang out. One day, he made food for her since he saw her on his way home and she looked sad. He wanted to invited only her to our brunch. After we helped her to move some furniture(over 3hours), he wanted to check her if she was okay. (It was at night)   I talked to him last night, why did you really care her? Why did you care if she wanted to go to a day trip with only you or not. He said I didn't understand the whole content and he just wanted to go to a day trip.   I assume that it was (at least) trying to casual interactions.(For me, it is cheating)  He sometimes gaslighted me like I am negative/ sensitive/ racist/ too conservative. I don't know if this is a symptom of ADHD or just his nature.   &amp;#x200B;  We are going to see a therapist but he is very eloquent. I am very skeptical very skeptical about this relationship so my soul is dying.
