9301fb08b09045a288f15b9030d85afbe4b413871de2eaedb07a1217c196ae8f;;;Am I kidding myself that it will get better?;;;Hi, this is my 1st time ever posting on here and I'm sorry if its a bit long, I've never really gotten everything out before. I've been with my partner who has adhd for 10 years. Although we have known he has had the condition for a long time he was only recently diagnosed after years of me fighting on his behalf. I am always the one who contacts doctors for urgent intervention usually meaning some sort of short term medication to help level him out, I have advocated for him with professionals to get him the attention and care he needs which I absolutely do not mind as I know he can't get his brain to think about appointments or how he can help himself but the problem that I have is that he has very frequent meltdowns. They have gotten progressively worse over the last few years particularly this last year. When he is in a bad meltdown he destroys our house, so many tvs broken, mobile phones broken, holes in walls, glass, mirrors, wardrobes. It is awful to watch and I feel like I'm living on edge. He has never hit me or even made me feel like he could possibly hurt me, its all on himself. He becomes frantic and will scream and its really hard to pull him out of an episode. When he does come round the regret and feeling like his whole life is over comes so that's more talking around. He will become suicidal but not in the way where I worry he will do something it's more like he wishes he would die, he wishes he won't wake up etc he can't hold down a job. He forgets everything and is extremely impulsive. He has said he has no control over his emotions and the feelings of impulsivity. I know he is struggling massively and I see the pain in him when he's going through the bad moments and I want to help. My problem is its becoming harder and harder to cope with. When I feel like if I say the wrong thing if might trigger him and evolve into a massive meltdown, I feel responsible for him and I close of from family who do sort of know some that is going on. He has no relationship with his own family so it's all on me and his behaviour can be so so selfish. I deal with all the bills at home, sort out any car issues etc sometimes I wish I just had more of an equal relationship. When he is 'normal' he is the best partner ever and so supportive and helpful to my needs but that side of him is becoming less and less present and I don't know what to do. Does anyone else have a partner who suffers the same style of meltdowns? Any advice is welcome.
