93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Husband's emotional dysregulation during stressful time is taking a toll on me - what should I do? (He lost his job of many years);;;My husband is diagnosed with ADHD. He has been medicated for several years.   He recently-ish (June) lost his job, has been under high stress, is not finding luck with finding another.   Our relationship has gone downhill since he lost his job.   Now I must say - this guy has given everything for me and our child and he is the sweetest and absolute love of my life. He also isn't the only one with mental issues, I suffer from some too.  He starts fights over things that don't make sense(but I'm sure they do to him), lashes out(never physically),then also "hides" by not speaking to me for long periods of time, doesn't give much sympathy to situations where I need support, etc.  It makes me want to curl up and cry and it's been giving me anxiety attacks.  I know it's not entirely his fault. He's under so much stress, I imagine he must feel like he's breaking inside. He had this job for so so long and now....he doesn't. And it was a job he very much enjoyed.  I don't know what to say now or ask. But I'll try to get somewhere with this.   I'd love answers from both those with and without ADHD.  1. How do I support him through this time?  2. Is there anything I should/shouldn't say to him about how he has been acting?   3. How can I not let the harsh words he says get to me?  4. How can we work through this together?  5. How can I get the support that I need through this, if he is not here for me as a support during this time?  No need to answer all questions, I guess those are just starting points or something. Just to get ideas flowing.  And if there's anything you want to add, please do.  Thanks in advance for any replies
93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Please help me learn to nag my husband LESS and be okay with big messes that just get left there for long periods of time;;;Tl;dr What the title says. Also I just had major surgery that ended with a complication of a broken pelvis so I can't help with cleaning for now.   But for those interested in more context:  Husband is diagnosed ADHD and medicated.   I recently got discharged from being in the hospital, I'm a young adult but I had to already have a hip replacement. During the replacement my surgeon broke my pelvis. So, long recovery time.  We also have a toddler.  My husband is taking a few weeks (we think?) off of work to help care for me and our toddler. Thankfully our toddler does go to daycare during the week. I do also have a caregiver helping me on the weekdays, and OT and PT that come to my home.  So anyway, I'm stuck with not being able to clean. Stuck with an ADHD husband who leaves messes everywhere. He gets defensive if I ask him to clean up a mess.  Basically I have no choice but to wait out this recovery period until I can be the main one cleaning and keeping things tidy again.  In the meantime, how do I not go crazy from the messes? I can't have my caregiver clean his messes because she has made it clear it is her job to take care of ME and not clean up after my husband.  I want to just let go of the stress and be at peace during the 5-ish weeks of messes. (Estimated recovery period)  Talking to him about it has failed so many times. I guess I don't know how to approach it, and his emotional dysregulation makes him react poorly to any criticism. In fact he is so overwhelmed he said no more criticism.  So...how do I just....suck it up and deal with the messes? I had a legit anxiety attack earlier when I was doing PT and I saw how messy the kitchen is. Pathetic I know of me, but it is truly what happened.   Has anyone else felt like this?  I love him so much, but I feel this messiness is causing a drift between us.
93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Are there any free online anger management courses that could help someone with ADHD and anger problems? And are there any good ways to get discounts on ADHD meds?;;;Title basically.  I'm asking for Canada specifically.  Posted recently about how my husband had badly emotionally abused me and was incredibly uncontrollably angry at me over something small.  I cannot handle another act of anger like that towards me and we cannot afford therapy right now or even his ADHD meds. (His meds make him so much more regulated)   I know there is goodrx.com in USA but is there a Canadian version of that?  And how about free good online anger management classes or free e-books or anything?
93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Could someone with ADHD have a comorbid personality disorder that only "shows up" extreme symptoms from time to time?;;;I have been posting a lot about my husband lately, and his sudden couple days now of severe emotional abuse. (Dx'd ADHD, currently and deeply unfortunately off his meds because we cannot afford Vyvanse right now)  I am looking back at the 6 year timeline of our relationship, and realizing that even within the first two weeks of meeting me, he had a few episodes of anger directed towards me mainly.  He calms down after he is gone for a few hours, or at least used to calm down that way, and also if I then walk on eggshells and profusely apologize for whatever it is he thinks I have done "wrong."   I love this man to death. He is usually sooo patient and kind and loving.  But I've kept track mentally...and about once every 3 months he has these HUGE UNCONTROLLABLE anger outbursts towards me, calls me names, says I'm worthless and a piece of shit, says I don't deserve him, gaslights me, comes up with made-up reasons to act like I've done the most horrible injustice in the world.  I try to give him space and not say anything back (eggshells) but his anger does still remain even with that.  Then, eventually things settle down and it is as if those things never even happened.   And then he becomes the sweetest man in the world again. And you can tell he *genuinely* cares and loves me during these "normal" times.  I'm just really confused. I wish I knew what to do, and not just break up. We have been together 6 years and have a 3 yo. He's the love of my life. He has helped me through so much.   But here I am, in the hospital, he didn't bother to ask how I'm doing until near bed time, he SHOUTED and DEMANDED (with that feeling of "or else") on the phone that I tell him "what happened today?" (not "are you okay? not "can I support you?" nothing kind like that which really hurt) and so I got scared and gave details best I could without having a panic attack, and he wasn't satisfied with the amount of details I gave and kept yelling  at me.   I try not to judge, and I am NOT ASKING FOR AN ARMCHAIR DIAGNOSIS, but does this irregular behavior sound like it could be something comorbid *with* his ADHD like a personality disorder?  Thanks if you got through this long bit!
93476f150951fe3415580c269f0d41a71336fd0259aaa5fb07a8d7ea7b5aee9c;;;Update on emotionally abusive ADHD spouse: He has agreed to work through a great Dialectical Behavioral Therapy Workbook, and he is going to take his ADHD medication regularly.;;;What the title says.  I don't know if any of you remember my posts about my husband blowing up at me and calling me names, being hugely emotionally abusive every once in a while, but this is finally the beginning of a new good thing.  We kinda made an agreement.  I will continue doing my Anxiety Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Workbook, and he will do a certain Dialectical Behavioral Therapy workbook. We will check in to make sure we are staying on track.  I have found a way to scrape by and afford his ADHD meds, so he will start taking them every single day.   I go to therapy, but we cannot afford it for him and I cannot lose this amazing therapist I've worked with for over 2 years. But, we have agreed to once we can afford, we will go to marriage counseling together.  I hope this inspires some people that relationships with an ADHD person who doesn't treat you right can have the ability and want to change. The want part is very important. He is choosing to do this, I am not forcing him.  Hope you all have a great day. :)
