93d4fe96bafc13b75e7a8a66fd16ef99a3ac840be55ec32c7798cc9326ca9a7c;;;Fiancé doesn’t have time for me? Scared to break up.;;;My fiancé  is obsessed with making money right now. He currently have 3 full time jobs. I told him how I felt about it and he doesn’t seem to understand. We have seen each other once in the past two weeks and we don’t even talk on the phone. I am starting to feel neglected and ignored. I feel that my feelings are heightened because I alienated myself from my friends because I enjoyed spending my free time with him instead ( infp problems). Whenever I talk about the relationship not working out going at this rate he asks me if I want another woman to reap the benefits of what he is doing ( he wants to make more money to start investing) . I wonder if I am being childish or if my feelings are invalid. He seems to not understand my point of view. I understand that I should have a life of my own, which I do, but how much of a relationship do you have if there is no communication or quality time? ( we don’t live together). When I talked about potentially calling it quits he started crying on the phone and got in the car to come to my house and was overcome by so much emotion that he lost control of his car and ended up in a ditch ( he’s fine and his car is too). I just feel stuck because I don’t want him to hurt himself because of his emotions but I don’t want to go on like this. I really don’t want to break up because I love him but I feel as though I’m chasing a moving bus. We have been together for going on two years and I have yet to meet his parents (partially my fault) or is daughter although she lives out of state...It’s just a lot.
93d4fe96bafc13b75e7a8a66fd16ef99a3ac840be55ec32c7798cc9326ca9a7c;;;So I’m not the only one?;;;I feel like I just need someone to validate my feelings and maybe share some experiences. I have been with my boyfriend for over a year now. We have been off and on numerous of times and it is getting to the point where I am just sick of it and want to let the relationship go. He has adhd really bad to where I always have to ask him if he has his wallet, keys, or phone before we leave the house because he usually forgets on of these items. He is really smart and hyper-focuses on different things that catch his interest. For example, he is obsessed with making money right now and becoming a millionaire so he wants to have 3 full time jobs....He works IT so he has the ability to work some days remote. Right now he is working two jobs and he will start the third job in a couple of weeks. He fails to see how impactful this will be to our already frail relationship. Am I being unreasonable or are my feelings valid? Also he doesn’t like taking his medication (vyvanse) because he doesn’t like the way it makes him feel and he has been taking adhd medication since he was 4 years old. I guess what my question is-  how do you get someone to see your perspective? Is this type of behavior normal? I find myself retaliating with anger and I don’t know what to do.
