97aae136c49da37c06344e8dddff7d67e38ba97eeb8e6295c365f87a22ef2302;;;I love my partner with ADHD!!;;;My(22F) girlfriend(23F) was diagnosed with ADHD about a year and a half ago after a lifetime struggling with symptoms that had no explanation and no solution. Through our relationship, we knew something was wrong, but we didn't know what. We are both mentally ill and dealt with it the best we could, but now that we know the nature of what we're dealing with, it's become so much easier! Her mental health has improved a lot and I can tell she's happier. I've done a lot of reading and lurked some  ADHD blogs and forums, trying to figure out how to be the best girlfriend I could be, and this sub was one of the first I found.  I hate it.  The posts here fall into three categories, it seems. People who are blaming genuine, actual abuse and/or misogyny on ADHD, people who want to talk shit about their SO's and say they're faking to excuse "bad behavior" (aka symptoms that inconvenience them), and partners who need advice and genuinely want to see their SO succeed. The last category is so goddamn rare. Some of the people here are so unbelievably nasty and cruel, whether because of ignorance or hate or just being fed up. Some of it makes me angry, some of it makes me sad, and some of it is just confusing. If you genuinely think your SO is lying to you about their ADHD just to avoid accountability, why are you with them? If they're using their ADHD to excuse abuse, then why is their ADHD the problem and not the fact that they're abusive?   Now I'm well aware my post will likely be taken down soon, due to violating rule 3 and because my account is new. I made it recently after being a longtime lurker so I could post on craft forums. But I heard about the therapist that was shouted down today and wanted to say something, especially after seeing my girlfriend's reaction to this sub. She used to read it when she was newly diagnosed (hadn't found a supportive community yet) and would come to me apologizing for shit I don't even care about. This sub gave her brand new insecurities about stuff that has never bothered me and never will. She thought her ADHD was making her abusive and unkind when in reality she's dealing with what we refer to as a 'part time amnesia'. That shit weighed heavy on my heart and was what inspired me to really throw myself into learning all I can; I don't want to be one more person who looks down on her and gaslights her about her own disorder.  Flaring this post was interesting. There's no flair for positivity or anything. And the "success" threads are often about how the ADHD-partner did something that benefits the non-ADHD partner, rather than how their mental health has improved. The atmosphere is negative, judgmental, and crushing. I really feel for some of the partners with ADHD who have been posted about here.  However, I would like to say that I have seen some very loving, supportive, &amp; kind partners here. I know there are people here that do give a shit and really care, people that are very different from the ones described above. To those people, keep on being great. Living with an ADHD partner can be very different and challenging if you've never experienced it before, and I'm well aware there's a learning curve. It's how we deal with that learning curve that matters. I would like to encourage you to join subs \*for\* ADHD people! Learning by example has been very helpful for me rather than looking at post after post of non-ADHD people being confused by ADHD behaviors. Smaller subs are best, and if your partner is a woman, please look into ones specifically for women! ADHD is under-diagnosed in women, similar to autism, and women are more likely to be inattentive type and have different needs than men with ADHD. Women are also often treated poorly by the medical industry, and supportive partners are very important in this area.  Anyway. Y'all have a good one now lol, I'm sure the comments section will be fun. Howdy to the m\*ds, and I will not be checking in on this post.
