9a752481debcf58a72b12bbbd2f568345b5232d9e84acc1151dc3f1cac78cc66;;;ADD (33M DX) Man friend (also suffering from anxiety) blocked me (33F). Trying to make sense of the whole thing;;;So I posted this under r/ADHD but was removed for reason I'm not sure of.  A little long but,  **TLDR: ADD man friend who has anxiety blocked me twice.  He was/is going through a lot on both occasions.  Has anyone experienced this?  If not being blocked, being shut off in general**  I'm gonna be honest that I don't really know what I'm looking for here.  There's nothing to resolve as I am blocked, but any input/opinion/relevant experience in the context of ADHD/Anxiety would be greatly appreciated.  It's long but, context.  I started being friends with ADD man (who also suffers from anxiety) almost two years ago (known him about 2.5 years since we're neighbors).  He and I would hang out from time to time, bump into each other and talk, and it was mostly friendly on my part.  He on the other hand would flirt on and off.   It was around this time when he mentioned he's diagnosed with ADD and was on Adderall at some point.  The interaction was on and off but progressed over time.  Fast forward to early last year, we became more comfortable and I caved.  We started hanging out more in a romantic context.  I noticed that he would say things that he would like for us to do but there was no follow through.  I didn't react to them but I was being observant.  I realized he would do this even when we were just friendly.  He also said "I love you" far too early.    Around this time, we were dealing with uncertainties (job and home loss for him, he started drinking a lot as a result, him possibly moving out of state, job transition for me, him moving out, travel plans for me..etc)  which added to the hesitation from both ends.  He also said he's feeling broken, "do you really want me like this?" type of thing but would also refer to me as his gf.  After a short period of time of doing this, he completely shut down and said he's not relationship material.  A day later he said he loves me but doesn't want to damage me.  Same day sometime later said I love you I'll see you when you get back (I left for international travel).  Casual texting followed and then he went silent.  The confusing texts were all in a matter of 3-4 days.  I tried to keep my mind off of it but when I came back, I found out I'm blocked when I called.      &amp;#x200B;  ...8 months later, he apologized saying he was feeling so scattered and broken at that time.  That he did want to be with me but didn't want to mess it up either and he didn't know what to do given the circumstance.  I dismissed this as I didn't know what his intentions were, didn't want feelings of hurt to resurface... I just didn't know what to make of this sudden re-appearance.  At this point we were already long distance because I moved, but we continued to communicate.  Since I wasn't being intentional with my actions, I had a hard time rebuilding trust and anxiety built up.  Up until this point, I haven't read up on ADD and didn't know that not following through, or him being intense were  most probably because of it.  Whenever I talked to people about the situation, they chalked it up to him BSing who doesn't follow through.  This happened for over a month with my anxiety growing even when we met up 2 weeks ago, when it seemed apparent to me that he does want to be with me.  We talked about taking it slow but he would still bring up possibility of kids, marriage.. I was very confused.  What made matters worse was I wasn't communicating any of these because I wanted to enjoy each other and not ruin moments.    &amp;#x200B;  A week ago, he opened up about a family problem that's going on.. with which he said "I didn't really want to tell you this because it's embarrassing" and "I want you to know this because if we get into a serious relationship, this is what I'm dealing with"...etc.  Said some supportive words, he responded, then went silent shortly after.  He was a bit unresponsive the day after, and then the day after that, he called, sounding very impatient and not laughing at jokes unlike how he usually is.  I asked him "have you had something to drink", and that's when he snapped.  I'd like to note that he's been working on completely stopping drinking, but I didn't mean for it to sound accusatory.  what I meant was that it probably wasn't a good time to talk because he sounded off.  When I explained that, he said "I need to go, I'm not mad, just not very social"..and that was that.  &amp;#x200B;  I called 5 days later and found out I'm blocked again.  I did send one text in between saying I'm excited to see him (as I'm gonna be in his area again), asking him light heartedly how things are going.  No response.    &amp;#x200B;  Not asking for a resolution as to how to reach out or anything like that.  I guess I'm just still feeling hurt about what happened and trying to make sense of it.  I've talked to people about this and all I get is that he's an asshole.  Ok, he is.  Logically I'd like to think it's unintentional because of other factors mentioned, most likely the overwhelmed feeling, but  my mind keeps reverting back to: I felt very anxious, projected it on him and it pushed him away which I don't believe I did either.... maybe a little, but not really.  Have you experienced some sort of behavior like this?  Not necessarily just being blocked but being shut off in general
