9b076fe339715be806b825f67811d8e151c11a072b8cc14fd5f1184de59baf97;;;Is he addicted to gaming?;;;The other day I hit a limit, of feeling like a second priority to World of warcraft. In the months up to, I have expressed many times how it makes me feel but he wont hear me at all. He plays everyday,  almost all day. He skips eating, sleep to play. When he's not in front of the computer the game is still on which he needs to check up on. He will take time off to watch a movie with me, but wont shut off the game unless I beg him to, which doesnt necessarily help either. The other day I broke down crying, and told him how lonely it makes me feel in the relationship. He became defensive, acted apathetic and immature, and told me his gaming friends was nearly as important as me. He ended up stopping the conversation so he could go back to his game... He later that night came to apologize when his game was done, ofcourse. Next day, yesterday, I was still upset yet decided to let him show me his apology was sincere. I showed him a book about adhd in relationships we could read together, and he said he would like that.  Everyday sunday night he has a game, and its fine with me. He has explained to me how these people expects him to play then. He left the livingroom and said he would get ready for the game. Two hours later I came to the bedroom thinking he was almost done, but the game hadnt even started, he had just been playing up until.  It got pretty late, he was still gaming. I was starting to get upset again. I went back to the livingroom to have a cry. Surprisingly he came to me and told me he would stop playing and be there with me. That made me really happy. He told me he would take a week off gamimg and focus his attention on me. I felt hopeful. We watched a film, talked, cuddled. It felt better.  This morning I wake up early, have to go to school. And there he sits, infront of his computer again playing. I point it out, and there is absolutely no sense of shame or regret in his voice.   He seems completely in denial about his behaviour. Ive told him its making me rethink the future of our relationship, yet still he picks his game. He says Im his first priority but thats just not true. This denial, defensiveness, lying to only play more, reminds me of the behaviour of an addict.
9b076fe339715be806b825f67811d8e151c11a072b8cc14fd5f1184de59baf97;;;I think it's underestimated how difficult it can be to be in a relationship with someone who has adhd.;;;The lack of empathy, the lying, selfish behavior, rejection sensitivity, actions based on impulses, tantrums, immature communication. To me its all so close to covert narcissism that I some days dont see the difference (with the adhd person in my life. Not saying its the same for everyone with the diagnosis).  When I tell someone my partner has adhd, there is no real understanding of how that effects a relationship. We all know how it affects focus and such, but not really the traits mentioned above.  I feel bad, because he does do good things. And he does show me affection. Its just so very often misplaced. He does not in any way catch up on when Im feeling down, and he doesnt know how to show emotional support. Sometimes I really just miss someone who sees me, and remember what makes me feel better. When Im already emotionally burned out, I dont have the energy to tell him yet again how to be there.
9b076fe339715be806b825f67811d8e151c11a072b8cc14fd5f1184de59baf97;;;With recommendation from some of you I told him I need him to go to therapy. His response is that I have to go to therapy.;;;Im feeling really gaslighted by my adhd partner. 90 procent of me wants it to be not on purpose but 10 procent of me thinks otherwise. When Ive felt neglected over a longer period of time, those 10 procent dominates the rest. Now there is alot of unresolved issues between him and I. I need to speak up about some of them, and I cant tell my friends or family if there ever should be a change for him and I to figure things out and be happy together.  Awhile back I was sexually assualted by a close friend in my sleep. I ended the friendship, and my partner (though we were broken up then) wanted to support me and offered me to come stay at his place. The first night i woke up to him touching me sexually. I stopped it, next day I told him how upset I made me, that it was the absolute last thing I needed and that he could never do that again. He told me he was really sorry, and I forhave him. The next day, i woke up to him touching me again. When I got upset to told me to stop being dramatic and to calm down. Ive brought it up maybe four times since, but everytime I do he tells me to calm down, or that im abusive for saying he has abusive behabiour.  The second thing thats eating me up. About 8ish months ago I went to london for a job so I could save up for school. We decided to move in together, and when I came back we would live together in his apartment. I moved my things to his place. After I went on the plane all of our plans were shot to shit. If we agreed to call eachother he wouldnt. Im pretty sure he was lying to me in some way. He couldnt call me because he was with his new friend, who i didnt mind at the time, but who turned out to say he was in love with him. Aswell as this other new friend, that I had raised concerns about and he responded with telling me it was my fault that they had gotten so close, because I was acting like a bitch, and talking about my jelaousy towards her brought the two together. Then one night he promised to call me again but went out drinking again instead. He told me the reason was that his boss had been blackmailing him for his adhd medicin, and he went out that night because one of the guys might be able to offer him a new job. He also told me he wrote a mail to management about what his boss had done, and eventually the boss got fired  8 months later I realized this "sociopath boss" liked a photo of him and me on instagram, which made me realize they are stills friends on social media. I thought that was incredibly weird. If I had a boss who had been blackmailing me for drugs, and got them fired, i dont think I would be social media friends and/or on good terms with them in any way. I asked my boyfriend about it and he now said that he never sent an e-mail that got the boss fired, and the boss got fired two months later because of something else. I went over what he told me a thousand times back then, i was completely heartbroken. I know what he told me, but now he tells me Im just remembering it wrong.  A big part of me thinks the reason why everything makes no sense, when I went to london, is because he cheated on me and have made up all these lies to cover it up, but that he cant even keep up with his own lies. Maybe its not cheating. But something is defiently not right.  I get that adhd can affect behaviour alot, and that it can seem apathic and Im really trying to understand him and his actions, but he keeps making apathic choices. And since he cant take responsibility for it, im extremely worried that the past will repeat itself. He wont take it seriously that me feeling sad and doubting my selfworth is a product of all this. He thinks it will go away if I go to therapy alone, but me going to therapy is not going to help his behaviour.  I dont know what to do. And I dont know how to move on from this.
