9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;How to avoid judging lack of motivation?;;;My pwadhd (dx) is like a bump on a log most days when at home. I work from home and we have opposite schedules temporarily to keep our child out of daycare. Every time I come to the part of the house they use during the work day, my partner is lazing around, dozing, or on his phone. I have to ask him to stop using screens to distract our kid (kid will go through two iphone batteries before spouse "wakes up enough." Spouse procrastinates everything to the last minute most days. He takes meds for work, which means I don't ever hardly see him medicated except for sometimes after work at like 11pm, and kid wakes up super early so I can't just wait up for him all the time or I never get enough sleep.   I know he can't help looking lazy and it's the ADHD but I find it so unattractive. I find it annoying and frustrating. I want to be able to enjoy the medicated version of my partner. He's such a better partner that way. This bump on a log stuff is super frustrating. I don't think a conversation with him will help anything. I've tried in the past. He refuses to adjust how he uses his meds and he's already on a higher overall dosage than what most drs will prescribe. I'm just so tired of seeing that laziness even if I know intellectually it's part of his condition. How do you cope with this if it also bothers you?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Communication and other symptom issues are ruining my marriage;;;He is dx, on meds but usually they wear off by the time I am around him. He takes med breaks regularly. He doubles up on Vyvanse (which I do not believe is doctor recommended) when he works double hours and I see the backlash when his body rebounds.   He won't answer the phone consistently. He won't answer SMS consistently. He doesn't do the "active listening" that all the experts tell people with ADHD to use with significant others to reduce friction and improve retention. When he's trying to say something, he gets really mad at me if I do the active listening (because it messes up his train of thought) and gets so mad that I won't listen but he takes such long pauses to begin speaking, then I say ok go ahead and talk and he won't.   He also misunderstands me and doesn't realize it, acts on wrong information. Our last attempt at a vacation was ruined because out of 2.5 days there were only 3 times we needed to be structured to get somewhere by a certain time and it caused huge arguments. He had doubled up on his meds just prior, and was grumpy because of it.   He also beats himself up internally so badly that I cannot actually talk about my own feelings regarding his symptoms. I cannot say "when I've had so many times that I tried to call you and you don't answer, I don't feel like I can trust you." I cannot say, "I feel unsafe and like I cannot rely on you because your availability is not predictable." He hears this as "maltreatment." He shames himself so badly that he won't even try to participate in the neurotypical process of repairing a relationship after causing harm whether the harm is intentional or not.   I'm just tired of the chaos. I'm tired of things getting broken, routines falling apart, repeating myself. I'm especially tired of not being able to reach him on the phone. I told him I feel like I should list someone else as my emergency contact because who knows how long it will be before he calls a hospital back if I show up unconscious.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Everything is last minute;;;I am irritated and stressed because my husband never plans anything in advance and if he tries, he loses track of time and then doesn't keep the commitment. Last night he asked if I wanted to hang out and watch a show when I was done with my bath. I should have said no, but I have also complained that he doesn't initiate shared activities so I was trying to be cooperative. I cut my bath short because I knew it was late enough that there wasn't time for the relaxing bath I wanted and time to watch something before I get sleepy. I'm a morning person and work at 7am. I can't stay up til 2 like he does. He knows this. But of course he lives on last minute everything. I got out of the bath and he said he had to go do something before we could watch the show. I got so angry. Why ask me to do something if you aren't ready to do it. I cut my own self care short and he wasn't done piddling around.   Is this really just ADHD and I have to deal with it? He says this is just how his brain works and he can't fix it. I think maybe he could learn to check the time before suggesting something and say "I know it's kind of late for you but..." To just show some tiny awareness of other people's needs. Is that really too much to ask?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Talk me down please.;;;I try to limit my posts to the weekly vent page but I'm so, so angry right now, that I have to get this out here or my communication with my partner will become very toxic.   My Dx partner is unemployed and due to administrative issues typical of ADHD hasn't been earning any unemployment. We have my bonus daughters for the week and I am financing all of it. I've already spent 3x what I normally do on groceries. Okay, they are family, it's fine. I just placed a grocery order for pick up because we ran out of some stuff and they aren't going home yet. I wanted to wait and let us subsist on second tier pantry stuff to help save money since we just had Christmas (which I paid for, bought the gifts for everyone). He showed me a list of things he was going inside the store to get on his way to get the pick up order, but then I get an alert and my credit card was charged at least 3x what the list should cost.   I'm so angry. I feel like he has no respect for me at all. This echoes a past situation where he was unemployed, didn't try to find work, ran out of unemployment then I had to pay for the bonus children's month-long visit.   I get that he loves the kids (I do too), enjoys when they come, and probably becomes "generous impulsive" but do it with your own damn money and if you don't have any then don't mess with what we previously agreed to. Also, he buys stuff that isn't essential just to be a Disney dad. If we are making a soup then 4 types of vegetables is plenty. We don't need 8 different types of vegetables.   I just... gosh I don't even know what to say. I'm so tired of being disrespected like this. He knows I'm worried about money. He knows I'm trying to be frugal. So WTF why ruin New Year's Eve with this impulsive crap.   I know I said I was venting but i need some support too. I don't know where to put this anger tonight.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Coping with unpredictability in scheduling and bedtime stuff;;;My spouse is not a routine person anyway. Has sleep issues anyway. But also works a job with inconsistent hours and is often not scheduled until fairly last minute. His shift end time is never set ahead of time. All of this unpredictability has jacked up my sleep BAD.   I can't mentally shut my brain off unless he is home because even if he says "I should be home by x time" him being ADHD means hes often way off on his estimates, so I can't take him at his word. Him coming home means the dog wants to be let out of the bedroom. Him coming to bed means I am woken up. He is a restless sleeper and my body doesnt rest well if he's even just mentally alert in the bed not moving (sounds weird i know). So between his insomnia, losing track of time at night, lack of routine and predicability for personal reasons and ALSO professional reasons, I'm losing my mind here.   The only way i can sleep without staying up until he is home is to just sleep in different rooms but this hurts other parts of the relationship. We still do it but then there's another layer of unpredictability because I never know til the last minute where he is planning to sleep!  I don't feel like I can discuss this in couples therapy because if you don't live with ADHD as a neurotypical person its hard to fathom how much the chaos can affect you.   Any suggestions?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Noticed something on the ADHD sub;;;Almost none of them talk about relationship problems. Isn't that depressing? I don't know if they just don't care about the problems in their relationship associated with ADHD, or what, but it's very telling to me. It explains why so many of us hear them blame shift when we try to address something. It's honestly not on their radar as a thing that their ADHD is wreaking havoc on relationships. Has anyone else noticed this?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Procrastination and conflict resolution;;;I am trying to understand if this is part of the ADHD. When we have a disagreement, my partner gets dysregulated easily which I know is the ADHD. He gets really angry and leaves without asking for a time out. He doesn't use active listening skills, but gets mad at me for repeating myself when I do not feel heard. He tends to interrupt me frequently and makes excuses for himself about that. He also tends to have a lot of denial about his role in things, which I understand is common in ADHD (and common in men from what I hear from other women, but I digress). But something puzzles me.   He takes SO LONG to communicate any effort at repair even after I have stopped trying to resolve the issue and moved on to the icy distance that happens when there's no resolution. He seems to procrastinate until right before some other part of our life routine like I'm about to finish work or we just put the kid to bed or he's about to go out or he's found some random message he wants to send me. I can't tell if this is ADHD or just stubbornness or wanting to wait and try to force me to be the initiator of apology etc or what. Or maybe object permanence issues where he literally forgets that we are in the middle of an argument until something reminds him? If so, how do I keep it from gutting me? I suffer so much until the "book is closed" on an argument. Him taking so long really hurts my ability to bounce back and have a "normal" relationship.   Does your partner procrastinate on repair communication also?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Betrayal of trust, endangering my life;;;How do you handle betrayal? It happens so often here. Small things, broken promises/agreements, overcommitting/overpromising then under-delivering. The usual stuff.  But yesterday my partner demonstrated a much greater level of betrayal. He told someone planning to visit us during the pandemic that they could attend a social function right before traveling here - didn't include me in the conversation, ask for my thoughts, nothing. AND he told them to keep that information secret from me. He told them they can go, just don't tell her (me) you were around a bunch of people. I am considered high risk of fatal complications from COVID-19. And we have a child together so not only did he put me at risk, he also put my young child at risk of losing his mother.  &amp;#x200B;  My partner regularly forgets to include me in discussions where the topic or context is going to affect me, and that's already frustrating or a nuisance. This is the first time my trust has been totally shattered. He said he "didn't think." Which means I cannot trust him to not do this again. I don't know how to move past this kind of betrayal especially knowing what I know of ADHD that I can never really rely on my partner to think about the consequences of agreeing to stuff with other people instead of involving me first. I can't count on him to keep me safe, or to consider the consequences of his actions on others, and also he somehow thinks it's ok to just withhold potentially dangerous information.  &amp;#x200B;  Part of me thinks I really shouldn't move past this - that this is a deal breaker for me. If he did this once, then he will do it again. He won't remember the fallout from it, he won't learn from his mistakes, and he doesn't respect me enough to include me or not tell people to lie to me. What would you do?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Is emotional neglect/passivity solvable?;;;I feel deeply neglected. I have a hard time with being the perpetual initiator in my marriage. My partner is dx (ADHD-PI), takes meds, has been in therapy. But never asks me on a date. Rarely seeks out my company. Rarely texts me just because. Often ignores my texts to him. Doesn't make eye contact when I'm talking to him. Doesn't plan anything except last minute and it's never very creative just our usual stuff that we always do.   He knows this bothers me. He's not changing it. He changes it very briefly then goes back to his usual passive behavior. I am so emotionally starved. I back off waiting to see him close the distance and he just doesn't. I tell him I need more meaningful conversation and he does it right then a little but doesn't consistently offer more. I feel ridiculous constantly reminding him hey I still need some compliments here.   My question I guess is whether it is possible for someone with inattentive ADHD to change this. I feel like it is? I don't want to assume distraction, forgetfulness etc is the same as truly not caring but at the same time surely he could develop an external system to keep him accountable to these needs right? Are my expectations to not be neglected emotionally, to have my presence validated through proactive positive attention reasonable or not reasonable? It really hurts that he doesn't think "oh if I don't set an alarm, I'll sleep until it's time for work and won't have any time with my partner." We work opposite schedules so if we don't plan quality time it won't happen and it hurts being the only one thinking about that ever.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Collaborative problem solving;;;Is it possible? I try to have a calm discussion where we work to better understand what is interfering with a specific goal and how to address it. I want my pwadhd to be involved in figuring out solutions because it is enabling and perpetuating a parent child dynamic to just be the boss making him do something to see if it solves a problem.   Last night things escalated to talk of divorce after I spent a long time trying to calmly discuss what is getting in the way of him being more proactive about finding a better job in his downtime. He was very difficult in the conversation. Vague, passive, says I was not listening but everything he said was about being stuck and the whole point was to discuss how to not be stuck.   I'm exhausted. I want a partner who won't just sit there when I ask for help problem solving. Am I in denial here and is this just something the ADHD will not allow him to do, or is it a reasonable desire but he has some mindset or shame issues or learned helplessness to overcome?   I feel like I keep running into issues that boil down to the ADHD and the way it makes him work, and many of the things I believe are possible with the right kind of effort may just not be possible for him.   I'm tired of being accused of gaslighting though. He seems very much unable to self reflect and see that if he is difficult in a 30 minute effort to have a productive, mature conversation then totally stops listening, but doesn't admit it until I've gone on for a while, that anyone would be angry. I just feel that he doesn't want to contribute as an adult in our relationship. But is it more accurate to say that he can't or doesn't know how?
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Victim mindset/looking for pity;;;My partner seems to want pity and sympathy more than he wants to improve his situation. It is really hard for me to relate to that way of thinking. He finds out about a problem and just falls into despair instead of thinking if solutions. How much of that is the primary executive dysfunction and how much is due to being diagnosed late in life so developing secondary issues? How do I learn to deal with this? Because I just resent that he has this huge list of reasons he can't be a full partner to me (mostly physical health issues but some mental health ones also), and he resents me for pushing him to problem solve when he's too busy feeling sorry for himself. We have tried couples counseling and I said no more until he does a lot more work on his own.
9b1a8a86f7d031e3c55299852fb403edcb53d9a6f9c338920854add5b9685651;;;Rebound behavior - worse functioning after extra stimulating experiences;;;Not sure what to call it but when we have houseguests my partner will function better. He listens better, follows through on things better, and so on. However, usually once they leave he crashes and there are several days where he's far less effective than he was before,.or sometimes goes back to his pre houseguest functioning which is still worse by comparison. AITA for not wanting to go through that roller coaster having just recently experienced it? He seems to not realize how much worse he gets right after people leave and doesn't understand how hard that is on me or maybe doesn't care.
