9bc55e46bac3e49551dcae9c4adec76bb6403d26b30054311dab48a1de35d95a;;;Academic/job concerns?;;;Hey guys! I am new to this group and reddit in general. I came across this group and I could use some support and advice. I am 20 (F) and my partner (M) is 19, and he has been diagnosed with ADHD since he was young. We have been together for a little over a year. For the most part, things between us are wonderful. We communicate well, he is very kind and romantic to me, and we have the best conversations! He lives in a different country, but we go to the same college, so we are only long distance for a couple of months out of the year, and we tend to manage it well.   My concern is about his academic capabilities. We go to a good university, and I know that he is incredibly smart, but he cannot focus on school work. He pushes off his work until the night before it is due (3am-4am sometimes), he barely studies, he often oversleeps and misses one class and then does not go to any classes for the rest of the day/week sometimes. He has failed many classes and his GPA is concerning. He does not like what he is majoring in, but he doesn't know what else he likes (academically) and he cannot change his major because it is what his parents are forcing him to do.   I am very organized, motivated, and driven and I come from a strict, conservative family who expects me to end up with someone who shares that same ambition, so they have a lot of reservations about my partner which upsets me.   Nonetheless, I adore him and I want to make our relationship work by understanding him better and learning how to help him, but I cannot be his parent, and I need him to at least be able to get and hold a job post-graduation in order for us to be together long term.   His parents have gotten him summer jobs through their connections because he has always been too scared of failure to apply on his own, but the jobs they get him are all in his country, and he is not interested in them. I am scared his ADHD is going to prevent him from landing a job on his own, especially since he does not know what he wants to do and he doesn't have the freedom to do it anyway because of his family. When I try to help him figure this out and give him suggestions, he shuts down and becomes overwhelmed and sad.   We have talked about this a lot as a couple, and he really wants to change and try harder, but I have heard that from him many times with no results. On a positive note, he is trying to take his meds more as a start, and I try to acknowledge this effort as much as I can to support him.  How can I help him without parenting him? Does anyone else have experience with anything similar? I am becoming exhausted of trying to micromanage him academically, and I know it is not good for him either, but I fear if I stop, he won't be able to get a job, and even if he does, it'll be one his parents get him in his country where we will be apart and he will be unhappy doing something he does not like.
