9d48950a3015ccbbe919584220f87655c5b024756c1e5895b975bdfd13fc3b4b;;;Feeling so guilty about possible separation;;;I talked to my spouse (ADHD PI, medicated at work but not at home, poor coping skills, passive about personal growth) about possibly having a trial separation where we could each work on the things that have made our relationship so difficult. He basically said he would be too emotionally upset to be able to do anything to work on himself if I leave him. He struggled after his previous divorce for some time. He doesn't seek help. He just flounders.   &amp;#x200B;  So now I have to choose between a full separation with no possibility of mutual work and reconciliation or staying with him. I do not know what to do. The guilt at wanting to leave is killing me, but he's put me through so much I don't even understand why I feel so guilty and ambivalent except that I love him and know he can't help how his brain works. He's pretty low functioning and has not taken responsibility for his self-management until very recently but of course, having severe ADHD he can't be perfect at it. I feel like I've had to carry him for so long that it's almost killed me, but I feel so guilty at wanting a break. Not sure what I am asking exactly.
9d48950a3015ccbbe919584220f87655c5b024756c1e5895b975bdfd13fc3b4b;;;He took Vyvanse twice in one day and the next day is moody AF;;;He worked a double shift and the doctor won't prescribe meds that will work that many hours so my partner takes it upon himself to take his Vyvanse twice on those days. Typically, there is fallout from doing this the following day. He becomes withdrawn, tired, grouchy, mumbles all day, has the most hostile tone when he speaks to me like I'm the most annoying person in the world.   He told me he was getting depressed. I think a big reason is he sucked extra dopamine out of his brain doubling up on the Vyvanse.  It's hard to be supportive about his down mood when he's not following the treatment plan properly. When he won't try anything but double meds on these days he works long hours, and when I am the one that takes the brunt of the reactive crankiness.   He says the depression was coming on for a few days. Maybe it was, but double Vyvanse sure didn't help prevent it.   Also, I am a therapist in my work life, and so he thinks I should magically know how to support him when he feels depressed. But my clients actually talk to me and have insight about where the depression comes from. My partner has no insight whatsoever, and also bails on shared responsibilities where I need to depend on him. It's annoying that he expects me to treat him like a professional client.   It's also really upsetting that we cannot have a consistent emotional bond. We just resolved a long fight for several days, where I talked about separating, we made up and had one wonderful day, then he's this grumpy lump on the couch mumbling all day and talking to me like I am the most annoying person in the world. I mean how the hell am I supposed to build anything stable with someone that can't even go more than one day treating me like the emotional connection between us matters? How am I supposed to feel stability in our bond when he is so up and down and when any time of closeness is going to be sabotaged?
