9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;Today I F'd Up By Moving The Papers Pile (I know you know it);;;Our cat has been on a vengeful pee rampage, so this week while my partner (DX in childhood, no treatment ever) was at work I moved all of our soft things and papers out of the areas the cat can get to as a precaution while we wait for the vet appointment where we say a happy farewell to the cat's fuzzy little balls.   This included, unfortunately, the paper pile. I know you all have one or something similar in your space if you share it with an ADD/ADHD partner. It's where mail, paystubs, magazines, business cards, random receipts and everything else goes to die. It is forever about to be organized. It creeps to encompass any surface nearby. If you ever break and organize it yourself, it reforms almost immediately. It is my enemy now and forever.   I briefly flipped through the pile, recycled the old grocery store ads and empty envelopes, and put everything else in a big basket in Partner's office. I did not attempt to organize it for him or make judgements about what was important or needed.   He got PISSED. He was going to do it on his own time. He's mad that I moved his stuff. He can never find anything because I do this.   Ya'll I am TIRED. I know it's frustrating to have your things moved and I can respect personal space and personal things as much as anyone, but we cannot have a mountain of papers smelling like cat pee in the kitchen. We are adults.
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;Blowup, then acting like nothing happened?;;;I've seen this on here a few times and I'm curious to see if it's a common dynamic: does your partner come back 20 minutes/an hour/the next time you see each other after a fight and act like everything is fine (but without resolving anything?!)   For me this is something I experience almost every time we have a huge crying yelling fight and let me tell you, it is CRAZY MAKING. I'll spend all night sad, hurt, thinking of ways to work on whatever went wrong, and the next day Partner will be making jokes and telling me about something funny that happened over the night shift. It's like I'm walking around with a broken leg and he's ignoring it.   Is it a 'let's drop this without confrontation' thing? Is it that they're over the emotions, even if we aren't? Is it avoidance?? Most importantly, what's a good way to handle it without rekindling the fight???
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;Am I being an emotional bomb and ruining things2 or am I just pushed to the edge?;;;Genuinely getting confused here. I would hate to be the one making things worse and if I am I want to change. My partner (34M, DX in childhood but never treated) and I (24F, GAD such a fuuuun combo) have been in just such a cycle of fights and making up and fights and feeling ignored (me) and dumped upon emotionally (him). I want it to stop. I feel awful that when he thinks of me he thinks of tears and fighting and complaints. What he's said to me is that I make everything a fight and am always upset, and that it's emotionally overwhelming for him. He says there are plenty of things I do that upset him that he doesn't bring up, so I should be able to do the same thing for the sake of the relationship. I don't feel like this is a healthy perspective and encourage him to come to me with feedback and worries so we can solve them. That's beside the point, however.   From my perspective, I start out most interactions with a reserve of patience and joy that slowly gets drained away by interruptions, distractions, endless waiting time, and often just flat out being ignored. By the end of the interaction, I am mad/frustrated/sad/feeling abandoned and lash out with tears or frustrated words.   An example: we'll be in the bedroom about to get it on. He'll tickle or tease me in a flirty way, but for like, 20 minutes, or pull out his phone. I'll essentially be like hurry up and get over here and then he'll say he needs to brush his teeth or go shower first. Fine by me, I want everyone feeling fresh and sexy. But THEN. He'll sit on his phone in the bathroom. He'll wander away. He'll get. A. Snack. Meanwhile, it's late, I'm waiting, and the evening is slipping away.    It leaves me feeling undesirable and not interesting enough for him, which is obviously hurtful. I look upset, my voice wobbles or I'm sounding annoyed and snappy, and then it escalates from there. We have a fight about how I always turn it into a fight and I'm smothering him, sometimes he tries to make light of it at this point and I miss it because I'm already upset, which makes him feel attacked. I go to sleep alone while he stays on the couch, and I spend the next few days anxiously going over everything I did wrong and trying to fix it. It's exhausting. I just want to feel loved and desired and yet every time I feel like I just push him further away. But I can't just wait endlessly through his distractions - I have to get up in the morning, life goes on, the moment passes.    The last thing I want to do is hurt him. I need an outside perspective because I just keep going in circles and questioning myself. I've had some people say that he's manipulating me but I really think it's the ADD and it's not intentional.
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;How to tell my NDX partner nicely that I can't wait for hours a ride after work?;;;Hello again! Things have been going really well for my (24F) partner (34M, DX in childhood but never followed up on) and I! Communication is strong, Partner is making HUGE efforts, and I've been working to celebrate all the wonderful attributes that come with the more frustrating ones.   One thing I'm struggling with is that we share a car, and when I work he prefers that he drops me off and either goes to work himself later or uses the car that day, then picks me up (if he's not working).   We're saving/paying down debt atm so he prefers we not use Uber, and neither of us wants to get on the bus with COVID if we can avoid it.   The issue is that if I get off at 6:00, he will usually show up to get me at 7 or 7:30. Sometimes 8. I try to wait at work but it got very awkward after five or ten minutes (I am a nanny working in a home environment and parents were trying to make dinner, etc). So I walk to a nearby coffee shop or bar and sit outside waiting. I hate spending the money on drinks/food, but I can't sit there for god knows how long and just wait. Then I get home at 8, make dinner (if I haven't already eaten while waiting) and go to bed. I feel like I have no time at home during the week! Some days I just wanna go home and take off my bra, dude! Sometimes I have other places to be!   I want to bring this up, but I don't want to attack or nag. Is there any way to ask nicely, if I say please come get me at six, come get me at six?
9d6ab50131cad7b46bcde45cb2864ffb65a27e3e5dd0d5450bdef5b1ee4bc9c4;;;We were doing so well - until this.;;;Throwaway for obvious reasons,  Well, after a few weeks of calm sailing and us working together to tackle projects around the house, good communication - we backslid. He woke me up at five AM with a text that he was now home but had been out drinking since 3 with old co-workers (everyone's on graveyard shift, generally, in their line of work) and his female co-worker was waiting in the car for him to take her home after dropping me off at work.   He LOVES to offer people rides, I think in a mixture of wanting to take care of people, wanting to get the pride of being the knight in shining armor for pretty girls, and wanting to show off our nice car. He also genuinely thinks that, no matter where people live, this will only ever take 20 minutes tops, even including the fact that he usually sits in the car talking with them or goes inside for one more drink.   But, my friend. It is five in the morning. I wanted some cuddle time. I am not thrilled. I have to leave for work in two hours. And I need the car after work to go to an appointment. Can he just call her an Uber? No! Too expensive. And now I'm being difficult. He didn't do anything wrong! He's being a good friend! (What about being a good partner?)   So, okay - we have two hours. Just go take her home and come back. I'm upset. But let's just get it over with. He leaves. I'm snippy and mean because I feel so crushed inside that driving people around and drinking is an option, but not coming home to be with me, either just cuddling or making breakfast together or checking in. We work opposite schedules. Those little chunks of time are all we get for connecting.    I get ready for work. He's gone for an hour. Almost two. I call. I text. Finally I get an answer - he needed time to cool down after I overreacted. He's been at his female co-worker's house the whole time. Can't I just get an Uber? (He basically has banned me from getting rideshares because of our budget and will always say he's going to pick me up, with varying degrees of that actually materializing.)  Ya'll. I want to scream. I feel like if I ever object to his plans I'm being punished by him just straight up dipping out and staying out until I get lonely enough to forgive him. He stayed there all morning and into the afternoon. I told him I was hurt by him doing that and he said they were just talking about relationship problems. I don't think he would ever cheat, but my friends think I'm crazy and too trusting. I just want connection. I want to not have to fight for his time and attention with random drunk friends. It would mean so much if just like, once, I woke up and he wasn't gone or passed out on the couch with a beer and the Xbox controller.   I'm sorry for this rant. Thanks for reading if you make it this far.  I'm feeling so helpless and worn down. This isn't what life should feel like.
