9d8db0ecb9c7f0872ed5aa698b610c5d027db1b74782b55ddba946b73a312b3f;;;Being open to the future;;;TLDR at the bottom, this is not meant to be a rant. The first bits are just a bit of background information for the question at the bottom.  My DX prescribed medication(but only takes once every few weeks, especially as he has been out of work throughout Covid) and I have been together for almost 2 years and have had our ups and downs. We had the typically described infatuation period where, as I know now, I had his hyperfocus and we moved fairly quickly. But a huge wave of depression followed with some tough life decisions for him brought the end to our honeymoon period, and we've been through it since then.   We both work at ski resorts during the winter, and while I am still a full time uni student and work part time, he works full time. Last season was his first time ever having a full time job, and it was difficult for us. To start, we work at different ski resorts, but they are about 3 miles apart so we carpool, which was nice. But our respective resorts have very different "types" of people, including the staff. His coworkers are not my favorite as they tend to suggest bad habits, ie smoking and trying new things, and he almost always accepts. This led to a lot of anxiety on my part, as I know he has addictive tendencies. On top of that, his co-workers really intimidated me for those reasons, and when I was invited to do things with them I had horrible anxiety about it and could not even interact. On top of which, he had told me about a girl coworker that openly liked him and had been flirting with him. I try not to be the jealous type, but all the above combined with seeing him for less hours in the week than she did, was just about setting me over the edge. She could never remember my name, which he later admitted that he could tell she was doing that just to mess with me. So a lot of anxiety piled up.   As I said above our schedules meant that we were seeing each other the least we had in pretty much our entire relationship and it was hard. He has the impulsivity that means he will agree to plans on the spot without stopping to see if he was supposed to be doing something else, and as above will agree to some unsavory things if they're offered. This all started to make me feel forgotten and like he never thought about me. We argued frequently which made me feel less loved, and due to my anxiety and rising depression I, somewhat unknowingly, started to pull away. At which point he started spending more time with anyone who wasn't me, which made me pull away more and feel completely alone. I was so anxious every day and I started to feel so horribly about myself. At this point I had gone to his house planning on breaking up with him, and I quote I said "you can't just be a seasonal bf". The crux was a night where I just broke down and cried so hard I was choking on my own tears. I realized I had pulled away from him, my friends(so much so that my best friend moved out of my house), and even my coworkers, and then felt like since I had done so it was too late to fix it and I was going to be completely alone and what was the point in being. I have never felt so awful, and it was all my fault, he had pulled away because I did first without really meaning to. So we talked it all out and tried to set some new standards for texting and seeing each other.   So when I look back on last season I remember anxiety, loneliness, sadness, fear, loss, and many other negative feelings. And now it is back, the ski resorts open this weekend and we are working at our respective resorts again. He is stoked, it's his favorite time of the year, I am terrified and anxious.  We have had a good year, quarantine was good to us, we lived together for the first 2 months and thrived. And we've gotten better at setting better time boundaries, which is something I've been specifically working on to prepare myself for winter. But despite our good year, I've been feeling sick and scared about this winter, like it will be another version of the last.  Long story short is how can I open my heart and mind going into this time period, knowing it is an entirely new year and we've been together longer. My anxiety makes this hard, and he doesn't understand why I'm focusing on the worst possible outcome, but I can't help it. Last winter I had some of the worst months of my life, that ended with me almost losing my partner. Does anyone have any tips for letting go, and moving forward with a positive outlook and attitude? I really want to experience the season without anxiety and fear.  TLDR: My DX partner and I had a really tough winter last year, it held a lot of anxiety and sadness for me. Now it's winter again and I want to have a positive attitude but I keep finding myself(and my anxiety) fixated on the negative things that happened last year, worrying that they'll happen again. How can I move on from that and have a positive attitude moving forward?
