9e4dbf18a557c0166b72b56277b1928642f97a18fc181e67a6e8784757778447;;;Consequences &amp; Resentment;;;My husband never faces the consequences to his own actions (or lack thereof) and I'm really starting to resent it because it always affects me more than him.  Husband's license plate tags are about to expire? It is up to me to politely ask him daily about updating them because we share finances and I am not about to face a potential ticket. I finally let go this time and let them expire so he can face it himself. What happens? I get nagged about it by other people. People ask why I don't just do it tor him. Sorry, not my car. Take it up with him.   My husband and I got into a minor car accident where he was not at fault. The other insurance company offered to pay for all repairs/damages. I keep reminding him to schedule the estimate appointment so we can get the car repaired. Who gets all of the phone calls from our insurance company? Me. "Your husband isn't answering our calls. This accident happened a month ago. We just need to know because we are ready to close out this claim. I have left 3 voicemails this week alone. Please." Any time I ask him to just call the repair company, he lashes out and says "it just ISN'T the right time, ok!?" (But it takes 2 minutes and most of the time when I ask him he is just sitting on the couch after work)  Husband knows he needs to schedule a doctor's appointment ASAP. It has been 3 weeks and he hasn't done it. Doctor calls my number to try and reach my husband through me.  Husband gets all the sympathy in the world for 'trying' but I feel like I get hounded by other people for not doing more. "Why don't you help him?" "Just do it for him" - I already meal prep for him, manage our finances, take care of the house, and create weekly itineraries for him to help keep him organized and on track to be a functioning adult. Every day I feel like I take on a new responsibility of his because it is "too much" for him to handle. It's never enough and when I say anything about it, my husband breaks down sobbing and says HE'S exhausted but WHAT ABOUT ME?  I know it probably sounds selfish of me, but I am collapsing over here trying to keep track of both of lives while avoiding him getting pissed off at me for treating him like a child. I want to let him feel the consequences or his own actions but they're EXPENSIVE and always end up hurting me more than they hurt him (leaving clothes in the wash for a week until they get moldy to the point where vinegar wont help, leaving the grill uncovered with all of the grilling tools out in the pouring rain to rust, etc)  I'm not here for this. I'm not here for ADHD as an excuse. At what point is it ADHD vs just being a deadbeat?  I just need to know, because I'm losing my mind over here and the more time that passes the more I'm ready to just walk away.
