9ee4983e15cb6b974cd584c9462fc20510ac779990b1d51041baf54a6fde196c;;;Trying to date someone with ADHD, don’t know if I should keep pursuing or just give up?;;;I am trying to date someone with ADHD who is hopeless at keeping in touch. He will go weeks with no contact and I have to be the one to chase him up and organize everything. The only times he’s ever messaged me unprompted is on the days of the dates to tell me how much he’s looking forward to seeing me, 3 dates over a couple of months and hardly any communication in between.  The dates have been great, and it’s been years since I’ve made it to 3 dates with anyone. We’ve gone out for dinner and he seems really into me when we’re together, he compliments me, we flirt, the chemistry is there, we talk about doing things in the future but then...radio silence.   A few times I’ve tried to see him he says he isn’t coping, I’ll give him space hoping he’ll reach out when he’s ready but he never does, then I end up checking in on him &amp; it’s like he’s felt a bit ashamed &amp; seems grateful I’ve done that and apologizes for his behaviour.  I’ve given him multiple outs to end this/just be friends but he never takes them. He’s made comments about how he thought I would have been done with him. On our last date I told him the ghosting really bothers me &amp; he needs to lift his game, he told me his lack of communication is nothing personal and to not feel bad if I have to triple text him etc. Also mentioned he was unmedicated atm.  The thing is after expressing what I needed he hasn’t made any effort to communicate with me apart from after the date telling me how much he enjoyed it (I told him if he didn’t contact me within a day I was done). I messaged him about a week later to try and make plans and got a pretty vague response about how he was barely getting by. That was almost 2 weeks ago.   I don’t know how to approach this. Do I keep checking in on him or just leave him alone &amp; take a hint he doesn’t want anything to do with me? I really like this guy but can’t figure out if he’s playing games and keeping me around as a a back up option / too polite to tell me he’s not that interested, or he really is struggling atm and I need to be more patient. I just feel like he’d put a bit more effort in if he was genuinely into me.
