9f26d771eaeebafb1d61c70ebe33a504fcbd7f7b053741a2310d04c4b75aa79a;;;I don't know what to do anymore. My brain is a mess and I need advice from a NT female;;;Me (31, male, DX) and my partner (33, female, NT) of 26 months have been constantly hurt by each other in the past year. I have been diagnosed and medicated (20mg Dexedrine daily) for about a year now. I'm at the point tonight where I can't think straight. I'm visually losing focus on everything. I'm shaking. I'm consumed with stress and I don't know how to parse any of my thoughts. I tried writing a few things down from our last argument about 2 hours ago.  I think what I need right now is to get some feedback from a NT female who is also dealing with a DX male of around the same age.  I am overwhelmed, daily, by a feeling of inadequacy. I feel like I am failing. What makes things worse, is when ever I express this to my partner, I get told that I don't try enough. I get told that I don't do enough for her emotionally, that she has to basically fight for hugs and kisses, that she has to fight for me to say nice things to her. The truth is, I feel like such a failure, I feel so ashamed, I feel like I have so much to say, but I feel like I'm not allowed. There has not been one time in the past year that I have gotten a complete thought out, from start to finish, unless I get mad and tell her to please let me speak, but I shouldn't have to do that. I should be able to get my thoughts out without fear of criticism or fear that I'll be interrupted and my thought become mashed to pieces because of my very poor short term memory.  I asked her tonight why she's choosing to do this. Why she's choosing to be with someone who allegedly doesn't give her enough emotional support. She told me there has been a lot of great memories between us and likes being with me.  It might be important to state a few facts. She is working and supporting our household. I am working on becoming an Engineer through distance studies. Currently, I have no financial income at all, so I tend to be the caretaker for both of our needs in our household. I have a student loan and a grant helping me take care of education costs.  Tonight, I told her that I was stressed, that I'm suffering daily. That quickly got quashed by her telling me that I'm too negative and she's stressed too. The thing is, I hear her, I know what she's saying, I listen to her and I believe I do a very good job in limiting how often I interrupt her telling me her thoughts... however I feel she does that for me in return. Why is this? She gets upset as soon as I mention anything about my thoughts.  She often tells me she researches what ADHD is, what it does, how it causes the mental anguish we (the DX and NDX) all feel. She often tells me that she feels I don't care enough, that I don't say enough, that I don't try enough. She also tells me I am extraordinarily negative, that I should "have a more positive outlook on everything".  I want to know how my visible suffering, how my obvious physical manifestations of stress, how my life being upside down (at the moment), how all that possibly couldn't be construed as TRYING? I am trying so damn hard every damn day and I don't know how else I could possibly show I'm trying.  So please, please, please, can someone of the female NT variety - in the situation my partner is in - provide any sort of guidance into what I'm doing wrong and what I can do to fix it, if anything. I am lost. I don't know what to do. I feel like this relationship is going to end and I am powerless to fix it.
