a1c01389cdee6b52cd9a1d7db7ffcf5dde49b03ba03f33cf56e8f1c3bd7b851a;;;Feeling stuck.;;;So really I'm needing some advice. ALT account because I've seen him going through my main reddit.  I've been with my partner (DX/MED/21M) for over 2 years now, living with him for 1 year. In first year and a half, things were great. Amazing, I've never felt more cared about or loved in my life. I really believed that my future was going to be with this man, and I believe he felt the same, so we moved in together.   We've both gone through a lot together, so to sum it up the past 6-9 months have not been great. One of my biggest issues right now is that he doesn't do anything to help me out. Nothing. It's my responsibility to set his alarms, wake him up for work, make sure he gets to work on time, make sure he's eating meals, cook, clean, find his things, schedule his appointments, pick up his meds, I even manage his paychecks. Now I can't complain too much because he does help pay for the bills because he works full time, but I am still the one who is making sure we have the money and that they get paid.   I also work full time and I have just been exhausted lately. I recently started medication and therapy for myself and I am just drowning in medical bills and my daily schedule is full, so I'm having a hard time keeping up with the less important responsibilities... such as cleaning. I am also very demotivated because I caught my partner looking and saving multiple random girl's nude photos and contact information to his phone. I knew before this that he viewed porn, which I eventually became okay with, but this was next level. This completely broke all my trust I had for him. I do admit a reacted irrationally and threw his phone. I didn't think much of it because I was so upset, but it shattered. And despite what he did behind my back, all I could think about was how I was going to buy him a new phone the next day. And I did, by the way after we discussed what happened and how it made me feel. I wanted to break up with him. He promised me he would stop doing this and that he would do anything to stay with me...  So I'd like some insight or advice on wether I should stay with him or not, because I'm seriously debating it. I love him with all my heart ... but I feel like I have no support, no help, no one to appreciate everything I've been doing. Ever since than I can't stop comparing myself to others. I feel so ugly, so unwanted. What little people I did share this story with just told me to leave him, and that he's not going to change.    My problem is people think it'd be so easy to just up and leave, but it's not. We're both on the lease. We're both on the car. We share or items and clothes. We sleep in the same bed every night... how do you just completely break that cycle? I don't have money saved up to just pack my things and move somewhere else. I don't have much of a support group either... I have no family or friends to go to. At the same time, I don't want to give up everything I've built with him. I would miss having him around so much... I feel stuck.  I'm sorry if I didn't give enough details, I don't usually do this. I just am in a dark place right now and would really like to see some kind of light at the end of this tunnel.
