a250f81bdba0fa7aa5e94dc3bbf1aa4477763eed27a7928bff843b06872c19b7;;;Personal responsibility &amp; ADHD;;;Do many adults with ADHD have a difficult to impossible time accepting personal responsibilities for their emotional outbursts, irrational behavior and generally where they are in life? My wife seems to place the blame on me for these things and it has reached a breaking point for myself where I am beginning to entertain the thoughts of divorce that sometimes pop out in her emotional tirades. I, of course, am the person who started the argument because of my lack of understanding of her ADHD. But I've read up on lots of resources for ADHD, and most of them basically say that one needs to put themself aside and coddle to the needs of people with ADHD. I've found maybe only 2 or 3 articles stressing the responsibility people with ADHD need to take for their actions and feelings, and theres 100s that say nothing about that.  Does this mean that adults with ADHD dont have to act like reasonable people to other adults? Because it sure seems like I just have to bite my lip and stay quiet, enduring the negative self-perpetuating, deprecating emotional diatribe that eventually seems to mark the last hour or two of each weekday and the whole of the weekend as it erodes my self-worth and the precious limited time that we get to spend together, or else it evolves into an argument. It's like she has a giant nail in her head and complains about all the feelings that the nail creates, but wont look at the nail and take it out, and it makes it worse if I mention anything about removing the giant nail that's obviously there causing problems, but then taking the nail out becomes another problem. I dont know if I'm wrong or what because we no longer have any friends to relate to and I get backlash for talking to or asking my family about this stuff. For instance, she had an emotional outburst on my birthday and threated to divorce me, which made me upset. So when my mom called to wish me a happy birthday, how could I not talk about that? Because I did that, now my parents are apparently unwelcome to stay with us when they visit. (I think that is abusive and manipulative please tell me if I am incorrect.) I bet I'll get a tongue lashing if she finds this post in her internet crusade to tell me how right she is about how wrong and non-understanding I am about ADHD stuff.  Certainly I dont know everything. But just as certainly, I think I know how to be a decent person to other people. And this behavior just doesn't seem like stuff you would subject someone else to, especially if you dont like experiencing it yourself, especially if you love them.
