a2e9f1d7e65e3e6cf07a948c90b757ae251b9ecf00e8d75ab08d3ffc2df5aae6;;;ADHD dx (M30) broke up with me due to depression and frustrations. I need help.;;;Hi, I’ve never posted here before - I actually posted this over on the ADHD sub, but thought some of you here might also be able to provide some wisdom and comfort. I identify as a HSP - Highly Sensitivity Person with anxiety (F27) and as mentioned in the title of this post, he is (M30) DX but not medicated. I really need some insight and help as to why my bf of 2 and a bit years - now ex-bf has broken up with me...   I’m not really okay. Things aren’t great. He and I had a big chat last week and he’s decided that we shouldn’t keep seeing each other. He says he’s just been feeling very frustrated (over small things) and these emotions while he’s tried to keep them at bay, still boil over and he has angry loud outbursts, which he says isn’t fair to me and that I deserve better...   I feel this is also connected to the depression he’s been experiencing during and now after finishing a massive uni degree (where he achieved amazingly!), as I’ve read a lot that this happens especially with men and depression as they feel they are a burden and cannot give the women what they truly deserve. Even though they still love lots of things about them. He says he does still love me, which is making this so hard, we both still love each other and want to help each other, but he just cannot seem to get past these confusing emotions, and so thinks this is the best way... I’m very devastated, we have been through so much and have lots of love for each other, I’m his no. 1 support and he mine. I’ve told him I am here for him.  Q: I’m posting here to get clarity on the frustrations he’s experiencing and cannot seem to shake... has anyone here experienced this and if so how did you cope individually or in a relationship?   Q: Does/can ADHD medication help with this/these frustrations? He has tried a few different methods and has had anti depressants and all seem to have side affects that don’t sit well with him and so now he isn’t on anything.   For example, he got frustrated with me the other day, I walked one way in a crowd and he wanted and truly thinks that going the other way is the better way..., I only did this because I wanted to look at something or avoid something in the direction of travel... from what I can gather it’s these small things that get him annoyed/frustrated over time and they build up and then he feels resentful for feeling that way. Which he knows is over silly things and so feels ridiculous, which makes him feel even worse... and he says it’s genuinely nothing I’ve done or am doing purposefully.   Is this living with an ADHD brain? I’m so shattered right now and he is very confused and upset as well and cannot give me many answers, so I thought I’d come here. I should also mentioned both of us have sort and seek professional help for these things individually, I suggested we go somewhere together, but he wasn’t keen on that.  If I don’t response to all comments, please know I’m appreciative, but maybe too upset to reply.
