a33831d47e68786b89383a4d793a0f961c5a3aeb2d36c8a2da7e741ac49f332d;;;Vent/I’m trying but is there even any hope?;;;This is my first ever post and open discussion about my relationship so please go easy on me.   My partner is NDX ADHD (28yrs). 5 years in with 2 children and I find myself constantly thinking ‘will this ever get better?’. I am 100% alone in this relationship. I know and understand that he has no control over some things but there are times where it just feels like such a personal attack.   Our relationship started off amazing...until I fell pregnant and became the ‘boring’ one per say. This is when I started to notice that there was always something/someone that was more important (literally anything). I was no longer a priority and it felt like I had been thrown in the gutter. I still held on because I thought maybe he was just struggling coming to terms with being a father and new responsibilities. I suffered pretty bad PND and was hospitalised. During this time, I really tried to put all my energy in healing myself and building the relationship with our child. He never said it, but his actions spoke a thousand words. I was being to needy and he had no interest in it. He started to stop visiting, constantly out with his mates getting pissed/high/I’ll never really know. BUT there were still moments where I felt his love and could see his love for our child.   Fast forward 2 years, still the same things. Phone/people/anything of interest to him was more important. Anything to do with myself or our child was boring to him. While he was the fulltime worker (and I will always give him credit for having such good work ethic), asking him to contribute to anything for the child was just a big NO. There was no problems getting loans/finance to buy cars/motorbikes/anything that he was interested in but soon as I’d mention ‘babe we need to buy this’ he wasn’t having a bar I’d it. I still longed for his love and attention. I didn’t want to tarnish his relationship with our child, and honestly didn’t want our child to have a broken family like I had.   Fell pregnant again, was an even worse pregnancy experience for me. I don’t even know how to explain it because I feel like nobody out there would understand. I was mentally stronger this time and was able to build quite a strong support network with my family &amp; friends. Until my family moved 3 hours away and I was left in our town alone. Partner knew it was taking a big toll on me and would encourage me to go visit my parents for a couple of days almost every fortnight. What a big difference it was making! I got to get away with our kids and actually had help. Not to mention my cup was being filled. Turned out he just wanted us out of the house and 3 hours away because he knew he could get away with whatever toxic activity meant more than his family (drinking/drugs).   I’m not saying he is a bad father, but if I am true to myself what father would risk it all so he can just go out and impress his mates for a night or go and get high. Our children absolutely adore their Daddy. Our eldest (3) thinks he is just the best. But when they want to interact with him or get his attention, he snaps at them. Tells them to sit down and watch tv. To be quiet and don’t interrupt him on his phone. It’s all about what he wants to give on his terms. Our youngest is a lot less trusting in him for emotional needs. Their relationship is different, they’ve struggled to gel from the beginning.   The constant lies, lack of care, lack of emotion. It’s so freaking hard! There is ALWAYS something more important than me no matter what I do. I’m always the one nagging him. He will lie to my face and then when I confront him on his behaviours, he gets so defensive and nasty. But then will go into this depressive spiral when he gets caught saying he does love me and doesn’t understand why his brain messes up all the time and begs me not to leave. That he only got angry and nasty because he knew he done wrong and does want to disappoint me again. I carry the weight of this home on my back. All responsibilities are on me. Yes, he does work. But I cook/clean/raise children/do all the boring adult stuff. If I ask him for help with something around the home he will say ‘I’ll do it tomorrow’ then before you know it, it’s a month later and still not done. Any reminders I give him are nagging.   Fast forward to now, I feel like I’m drowning. Reaching out to him for help and he’s just not there.   I’m constantly keeping our problems hidden, constantly putting on this brave face to our families, constantly trying to support and build his relationship with our children. And as for the relationship between him and I? I just don’t know. Iv never been able to actually express what’s happened over the years without the fear of judgement. Am I stupid to hold on to hope? Hope that one day he will wake up and realise what he has? That I am special to him? That our children should be his top priority? That he has an amazing family waiting for him to come home each night? Have I just messed with our children’s head by allowing all these negative behaviours? My questions are endless.
