a48eb77185c4fc5df77a42f52e4541f0d03a1f335f235eefe6af0b2cb064f02e;;;Ex partner calling consistently;;;Hi everybody,  Me, (F/27) split up with my partner (M/28) of two years in July. It was my decision.  To cut a long story short, he lives in another country but has returned out of the blue to the city that I'm in, probably to find work. Bear in mind it's been nearly five months; last night,  I had around 17 missed calls on my phone. He also tried to contact one of my friends to reach me. He also shares posts on FB which I can clearly see he shares only with me.  My friends keep asking me to block or say something, but I know that he's always been very inconsistent and quite funny with communication, but it's been a while since we broke up and I feel like I need to say something about this; I'm not quite over it yet so I feel very upset, anxious &amp; can't sleep, although I didn't want to allow it to affect me like this.Has anyone had similar experiences to this? Have I not put the point across correctly?  Thank you :)
a48eb77185c4fc5df77a42f52e4541f0d03a1f335f235eefe6af0b2cb064f02e;;;Hes in touch and i don't know what to do.;;;I told my ex (M/28 undiagnosed, me F/23) that I didn't want to be with anymore. I travelled a long way to find him and he seemed oblivious, as he could persuade me for the opposite till last minute. I put a post up a couple weeks ago :)  I broke up with him as I felt I was not in love with him anymore because he grew very codependent on me, in a way I couldn't handle as I have many of my own personal issues and a willingness to pursue further education.  After we said what we said he said I'll have to block on you on facebook etc etc ok I left....    I know that not having me direct him, in some way will be hard for him. But I thought it was necessary for him and my own mental health.  However, he just doesn't seem to get it. It's been two weeks. He shares stuff with me on Facebook waiting on a response from me. Looks at my stuff and visits my profiles. Blocking him completely just seemed too brutal on him, but it makes me feel at unease if he's still getting in touch. I get the feeling he has no plan for himself and that really makes me emotional, but.. I just want to move on.  Is he hyperfocusing on me? Should I ignore him, will he eventually end up messaging me? I want to make sure he'll be ok to move on without me now..  Thank you
a48eb77185c4fc5df77a42f52e4541f0d03a1f335f235eefe6af0b2cb064f02e;;;An update on an ADHD ex;;;I broke up with my ADHD on what seems to be 7 months ago. We were together for two years.  Since then, I have not been left alone by him.  For the first 3 months it was fine (we were in different countries). Then, in December out of the blue, he showed up in my town again to come back and make it up to me. Note i broke up with him, didn't want to make anything up. He showed up with flowers, chocolates just wouldn't leave me alone.  I explained to him its over.  He showed up a couple of weeks later under my house. I explained again. He said iaccept that but can we just be friends and have a chat every couple of weeks. I said not now, you're not ready.  He hangs out with my brother &amp; asks all my friends how i am, ive repeatedly told him i loved him but not see him as relationship material anymore.  January, the same. February, he showed up at the train station, he told me hes getting help but in a normal adhd fashion, he feels guilty and he keeps replaying in his head all whats happened till the break up. I told him to back off and that im moving to another country soon, he messaged me that he loves me but he needs to let it go.  Yesterday. ''Hi, do you want to go for a beer? Just that nothing else. Say something''.  I'm moving away to another country next week. Do I tell him, or can i just block him at this point? What of it is ADHD? Why can't YOU just leave it alone finally....  Sorry for the rant. Any similar experiences, tips, would be appreciated.
a48eb77185c4fc5df77a42f52e4541f0d03a1f335f235eefe6af0b2cb064f02e;;;Unconditional love.;;;   Hello everybody!  I need your advise as a girlfriend of an adhd person.  I’m 25, he’s 29. We got together 3 years ago and it was grand! So much creative energy, so many things in common). Slowly slowly as we were getting more invested in the relationships, he was going through a time of moving out from his apartment which he had been living with. The day he gave the keys he had not even considered looking for a flat. I took him in, otherwise he’d been practically homeless.  As my love grew, I took over all responsibilities. I found him a flat, fixed his CV, cover letters, made all sorts of kind of unemployment appointments, just because I thought he was in a bad place, and was just a phase.  One year in, and after the pattern kept repeating itself, I just knew something was wrong. I googled something like ‘’constantly forgetting appointments’’ and came up with adhd. Suddenly it all made sense to me. I printed out the symptoms, put it in front of his face and said, ‘’does this all sound familiar’’? And he said, yes, this is basically me.  I said, you might want to look into this… get some help.  But that never happened. He didn’t look into it. Partially because he is denying it. He thinks being fired every two months or having to pay bills is just because he lives in a modernised society, and if he moved back home it would be more stress-free from him.  1,5 year on, he had no money, no job, he dropped out the course I’d enrolled him in, was depressed and spent all his time playing video games. His flatmate also told him he had to leave, so he shortly would have no home. I suggested a live in job. That way he wouldn’t have to worry about paperwork, being late etc etc. He did it, and currently we are about 300 miles away, but I still visit him as much as i can. He’s being doing fine for over half a year, and saved as much as he had never saved before.  The last 3 months he’s said that obviously he’s got tired and we need to plan how to get back in the same city again. The point is…I have by this point got a massive urge that I need to move on with my own life and let him sort out his own. I don’t enjoy the romantic parts too much now, i still love our conversations but I see him as a buddy to have a beer.  There is also a slight jealousy (not too bad) but he's gone off rants sometimes if instead of visiting him on a weekend I'd visit my friends. I kinda got that because he is stiff bored where he is, if he has mates he's not like that. In contrast, I am very happy whenever he's with friends.  However, I’m scared to let him go. I’m scared of how he will take it. He depends on me on many things, so much that I have horrible anxiety now, on the verge of taking meds. I think I want to see what’s out there for me. I feel I can’t pursue things for myself it if I’m constantly having to take care.  I'm not perfect in any way. I have struggle talking with my emotions to him. To the question on whether we're to do something together after summer, I just sit there in silence and cry.  I'm also fearful of breaking up because he doesn't have any support in this country, although he has tons of family and friends back home. Part of me wants to make sure we break up and I wave him goodbye and make sure he's home. Or to wait until he has gone home from the summer and tell him then.  I just think that getting out of this would benefit both of us. Reading everyone's posts here have been a life lesson for me. I'm right now guilttripping myself day by day thinking of how I'm going to do this. Now I think I’m giving him a false hope, and I feel like crap about it. I would obviously be there, wholly supportive if he decided he wanted to take control of his adhd, but I just don’t see as as romantic partners anymore, and that's really a different thing :)  I would like to find out whether all the above behaviours are typical to ADHD. How can I help him see that a proper diagnosis could help him? (Of course I'm no expert)? I'm just very unaware of the line between a behaviour due to adhd and one that isn't. Is it that he really needs to mature?  What I'm thinking is: If I unconditionally loved him, I wouldn't be thinking that I don't want to marry or have kids with him. I'm loving him with conditions I think. And he does not deserve that.  By the way he is the loveliest person on the planet. I probably didn't mention that above and I hope I do not cause offense, I deal with many mental health issues myself to be honest..  Sorry for the massive rant and thank you for reading.
