a5e90cb5b5a04245bb55fee56d8103db5dee9fa323c97cd169cad8fd00d3c2d3;;;My DX partner canceled our Vacation?!? Is my sadness valid??;;;My partner (DX, Medicated) and I had a 9 day vacation planned for this week. We planned it 2 months ago.  A couple weeks ago, he found out he needed to be at a work event this weekend. I’m being purposely vague, but the event is unmissable.   Not wanting to cancel our vacation, I rearranged a bunch of the locations and turned it in to a different vacation, surrounding his work engagement.   This meant I would be in the same city as his work engagement, but arranged separate accommodations and plans for myself. He has previously had anxiety around work/life balance, and I didn’t want that to be a distraction for him.  However, from when I came up with the new vacation plan until now, he hasn’t given me the time and focus to go through it with him. Every time I have tried, he gets distracted and needs to stop, or we end up arguing about something else. Truthfully, I don’t understand what the arguments are about.  I put it in to a calendar app, a mapping app, and a notes file to make it easier to digest, and he didn’t look at them. The closer the vacation came, the more he would show frustration in response to me bringing up this vacation.  At one point a few days ago, he got really irritated because I was hurt that he was more excited about his work engagement than our vacation. He said that we’ve been together this entire pandemic, so why should he have to care as much as about this new, exciting thing?  Anyways. The day before we were supposed to leave, he said that he would like to skip the first 4 days (so every day leading up to his work event) because he thought it would be best if I took some time to myself, because there was no way he could come, and not make me feel shitty....so I should go alone?   I know sometimes he has trouble expressing himself, so wanted to be supportive and rearranged the trip again. I booked the first 4 days at a new location by myself.   He would bring me there (I don’t drive) , and then go back home for those days. Then he would pick me up, drop me at another solo location 2 hrs from his work event, and go to his event where he would stay for the duration (2 days). The idea was he would pick me up after the event, and we would continue with the last 3 days of our vacation.  On the drive up to the first location, he told me he probably wouldn’t want to do those dates anymore, as he was likely to be too tired after the work engagement.  When he was dropping me off at the first location , he started crying because it was emotional for him. I said we would see how we felt after these days, and maybe instead of going to the other town 2 hrs away, I would still come to the town of his work thing with him.  Today, he texted me asking if I needed him to pack me anything for while I was at the other town 2 hrs away. I asked him to confirm that was what he had decided, because I hadn’t heard any updates since the crying about the plan. He responded that this space has been really good emotionally for him, and he would rather see me for a “brief, catch up in the car” and then I can continue on my solo adventure.  I think even through writing this, I’ve realized that this behaviour is not okay. Am I being naive by continuing to play in to this? Or is this just normal ADHD behaviour, and my standards are exceptionally high?
a5e90cb5b5a04245bb55fee56d8103db5dee9fa323c97cd169cad8fd00d3c2d3;;;Has anyone left an ADHD relationship and how did it feel after?;;;I assume the answer is no, at least not of the people still hanging around here, or why would we all still be here?  On the off chance somebody does have feedback, I’m genuinely curious. NOT because I’m on the verge of leaving my partner.   Because I see so many posts here about how cathartic this sub is. How unheard we feel. How lonely this is.   So, what’s it like without all of that? Is it worth it? Are you happy? What’s your perspective, on the other side?
