a6064742d3a1ead19d253d3ecc1f5b43537c65b83faa3305b84227dbeb20ef5e;;;I understand both DX and non-DX perspective (Emotions);;;So my situation is a bit unique in that I am DX and medicated, but my meds, along with effort, are working incredibly well, to the point that I can almost function at the NT level (with some exceptions).  I want to start out by saying that I understand why everyone here is so frustrated. *It’s incredibly difficult to empathize with your ADHD partner when you’re directly affected by their actions over and over and over again.*  In fact, when I’m medicated, I also see myself judging others and getting angry when they can’t live up to NT standards. For example, a coworker in my team told me that he also has ADHD. Constantly submits his work late, which directly affects me because my work is dependent on his. When I learned of his ADHD, I thought, I should really give him some slack since I know exactly how he feels. But after a year of dealing with it, I grew to resent him, to the point that I just wanted to scream in his face, “WHY CAN’T YOU JUST DELIVER ON TIME? THE WORK IS NOT HARD AND I’VE REMINDED YOU 5 TIMES ALREADY. STOP PROCRASTINATING YOU PIECE OF SHIT”. I would ask for his progress multiple times before the deadline and every time he would say that he is able to deliver. Then, on the due date, he would tell me that he hasn’t finished and needs more time. I am ashamed to admit that I fantasized about choking him (and not in a good way) more than a handful of times.  And these emotions were coming from *me*. A *diagnosed ADHD patient* who is an absolute disaster without meds. In fact, when I’m not taking my meds, I would do the exact same thing. And by "the exact same thing", I really mean exactly the same. When a coworker would ping me asking about the progress on my project, I would confidently tell them I can finish on time (while procrastinating). That is the REALLY terrible thing about the ADHD brain. I wasn’t lying at the time. I really wasn’t. *At the moment, I actually believed I can finish on time*, even though I hadn’t even started the work, because my brain is just so shitty at gauging my own abilities. And then, on the due date, I couldn’t submit it. Why? Because I hadn’t started until the day before it’s due.   You know what’s worse? You would think, at this point, I would feel ashamed and try to learn from my mistakes and stop procrastinating, right? But no. My thought process is somehow entirely different when I’m off my meds. I of course feel shame (on the inside), but I would feel more resentment towards the person scolding me. I would think, what’s the big deal? It’s only going to take a couple more days. Give me a break - I have a mental condition that hinders my executive abilities. Also, you were late last month, too.  As you can see, I was defending my ego by:  * Downplaying the seriousness of my actions * Showing victim mentality and helplessness * Bringing up things that the other person did in the past (“you did it too”)  I honestly don’t know why I do this. In my experience, it’s a natural thing that the ADHD brain tries to do, due to RSD. I don’t even realize I am doing this in the moment because I’m so emotionally heated and I actually believe I’m in the right. It’s not even that “it’s difficult to admit I am in the wrong”. *In that moment, I actually believe I’m justified in my anger and resentment and everything seems so logical*. Laughable, I know. But it's true.  I’ve actually gotten, much, much, better about this, once I begin to realize what I was doing. The key is that the person with ADHD has to actually realize that they do this, and how immature and embarrassing and *dumb* it is. It stings to admit it, but it's a step towards improvement. Then the person has to actually want to change, and make serious efforts. These days, when I’m unmedicated, I still can’t help but feel the above emotions. But the difference now is that I bite my tongue, tell myself to shut up, and own up to my mistakes. Then, at a later time, I think about what I did and pat myself on the back for it.  In my experience, the emotional components (lashing out, blaming others, not taking responsibility, etc.) of ADHD can be managed largely even when unmedicated, if the person realizes what they are doing and puts in serious effort to fix them. It’s easier to work on it when you’re medicated. BUT, even if you’re medicated, these emotional issues won’t automatically fix itself.  I know I have written quite a lot, so I will stop here. I can also write about my findings on the behavioral components of ADHD as well, if anyone is interested.
