a70252c31d8819762abe527513203e735b002d14bf56b406f17fba9c54ac9b46;;;Relationship Struggles;;;I am struggling in my relationship and am curious as to anyone has had a similar experience and/or advice to offer (other than dump him). I have not regularly been around, let alone in a relationship with, someone with ADHD. He is addicted to social media (Instagram) and is \*\*always\*\* on his phone or his computer. Even when we are in bed, when we're watching a show or movie, sometimes when we're talking. I feel neglected, like he doesn't value spending quality time with me, and some other concerning things are ongoing. Long post, bear with me. Here are the main points:  \- began relationship and moved in together essentially at the same time due to COVID and me living in a threatening situation with a family member (April 2020).  \- he started a new job in August, between April and July was unemployed and at home all day (me too, working from home). the first 4-6 weeks of our relationship, we were having sex regularly. then, it stopped. we would go 3-6 weeks without having sex. he isn't a very affectionate person (with me, not sure about previous relationships). no makeouts, pecks on the lips here and there, no hand holding, no cuddling. I am a very affectionate person and enjoy sex regularly, to be continued below.  \- he was let go in october from his job and has been at home 24/7 again. no increase in sex.  \- there have been a few instances regarding porn: about a month or so into our relationship, his computer rebooted and he was in another room. a bunchhhh of tabs (like 30-40) of porn were open in his browser which popped up when the computer rebooted. I asked him about it and given we had not been having sex regularly, if he was feeling different about being together, less/not attracted to me, etc. he said that was not the case.  \- another time, a few months ago, we were sitting on the couch and he was on his phone, opened the internet, and bounced up to go plug his phone in to charge, when I saw out of the corner of my eye that there was a nude woman's bum on his screen.  \- I feel as though things had progressed for a few weeks, where we were intimate more than usual and he was less on his phone. then, the last 4-6 weeks have been almost worse than ever. he is constantly on his phone, we hadn't had sex until the other night for  about 5 weeks. I noticed in his browser history (web and Pixel phone, they are connected on his computer) that he has been watching and downloading porn videos everyday. he is a chaturbate user, which I haven't looked into, but if he is engaging with folks on cam, I consider that cheating. he doesn't know I know what he's been up to. he received a heart emoji snapchat response the other day from a female I have never heard him mention before. I have been an absolute mess and he has only shown me consistent affection since I have been upset over the last 1-2 weeks. he has said and texted multiple times that we should have sex, but no follow through. broken promises.  \- a few weeks ago, he asked me to intitiate sex more, which I have tried and have also made a few comments about him not following through on my initiation. nothing changes. it feels quite insulting that he asked me to inititate more, putting that on me, yet is making time to get off to porn everyday.  \- he made a comment the other day while we were talking that he has a wall up. he has been hurt by previous partners. it feels like he doesn't want to connect with me emotionally, hence the constant porn and phone usage. during that conversation, he also said twice that I am the only person he's talking to - which still doesn't sit right with me because I didn't ask him and we are monogamous.  \- I don't know how to approach this with him, as in asking is he addicted to porn or whatever else is going on here.  Thank you so much for reading if you've gotten to this point. Appreciate any feedback.
