a8157903df7387ecfb5579b6c668b47dc94d08777b367866e39660005f7f3e2b;;;Advice needed;;;DX. My spouse (they/them/gender non-binary/late 30’s) has ADHD. They were diagnosed as a child, but their mother refused to medicate them. They had an exceptionally hard time in the formal education system (always in trouble), and they had no emotional coping skills or regulation.   After we got married, I suggested they make an appointment with a psychiatrist, because they  couldn’t keep a job, couldn’t focus, and the moods were wild. They took medication for about a year, then quit. I try to be supportive, as I too have mental health issues (medicated and in therapy), but this roller coaster is becoming a lot.   First, everything (and I mean everything), is about sex. Every comment in every conversation is turned into a sexual one from them. Example, I was discussing buying a new mop (fun, marriage talk, eh?) and I asked their opinion. They said “they’d mop up behind me”. This was after several sexual comments all day. I didn’t respond, because I was honestly tired of it (again, can’t have any conversation because everything becomes sexual). Now, they are refusing to speak to me, and they walking around sniffling loudly.   Speaking of sniffling, they ALWAYS sniffle when they don’t get their way, like a small child throwing toys from the pram. They won’t stop sniffling or tell me what is wrong (I generally know, I either didn’t laugh/respond to the sex comment, I turned down sex, they got groping in public). It’s becoming very tiresome, as this is a grown human in their late 30’s. Walking around sniffling and sighing is childlike.   Sex is another argument. They are very sexual (obviously), and want sex 5-10 times per day. They watch 4-6 hours of porn daily (which is fine, I don’t care), but they still expect me to have sex at the drop of a hat. It makes me feel very used, as sex is the topic of everything, and every touch, look, smell is sexual. Sometimes, I just want to have a conversation about a damn mop (or anything) in peace and not have every comment they make be sexual.   When I turn down sex (they get some sexual activity from me, at least once daily, along with their own multiple porn masturbation activities), they can become very angry. They’ll yell, scream, and pick a fight about how I “don’t love them”. The last time I turned down a secondary round of sex, they became very upset, and suggested we see a marriage counselor to “figure out my problem, and why they don’t do it for me anymore.” We do have an appointment next week with a counselor.   I understand ADHD and hyper focus. Sex is also a self-soothing mechanism, as they won’t stay on their medication. But the self-soothing mechanism is hard on me, as I’m not that sexual. I have sex, because I understand they feel loved that way, but it’s hard to do that multiple times a day. Again, I’m fine with the masturbation and porn, but that’s not enough for them.   The mood swings are also insane. I understand that’s also part of ADHD, and the emotional disregulation, but it’s hard on me when the mood changes when the wind blows, and they become angry or hostile to me. I try not to take it personally, as I understand it’s a mental condition, but they’ll make it personal, then refuse to apologise when I become upset.   I’m very accepting of their non-binary gender status, their career (they aren’t of mine; I work too much), their hobbies (mine are all silly to them), and pretty much their life. I have one pretty hard rule, and that’s “no drugs/nothing illegal”, but if it’s not hurting themselves or anyone else, go for it. I get constantly critiqued for my life and choices, my family, and every mistake I’ve ever committed will get brought up over and over. I don’t hold grudges and let things go, because life is short.   I’m not sure if it’s all ADHD, partially ADHD or just jerk behaviour. I’m also a bit scared to go to the counselling session, as I’m scared the counselor will tell me to just “have sex with them, because they are my spouse.” And then they’ll quote religious nonsense about bodies belonging to spouses (I’m not religious, but live in a VERY religious area). I tried to do my research to ensue the counselor was accepting of all religions, or lack their of, but it still makes me nervous.   I’ve changed a lot of my life to accommodate their disorder, but they don’t appreciate it, nor will they make accommodations for mine. I’m a sexual abuse victim, and while I’ve had therapy, and I feel I’ve done well, some things still set me off. When I’m showering, with my eyes closed, they love to sneak-in and grope me. Logically, I know it’s them. But my flight-or-fight kicks-in first, and I shove their hands off me. This upsets them, as I “should know it’s them”. Logically, I do, but my brain sometimes go back to that trauma place, and goes into defense mode. Sometimes, I can’t help it. They also like to bring-up the fact they like me more when I’m drunk (probably because it’s easier to have sex with me), and that I’m boring, vanilla. I am willing to try most things once, but if they make me feel uncomfortable, I won’t do them again. They then become upset and make fun of me, as I’m “boring”.  Is it normal to be this obsessed with sex? I’ve dated others before we married, and it wasn’t like this with them. Is this ADHD? How can I cope better?   Thanks.
