a8eb81fcf3ca45e4dd506cf11f8afa227f3af06a03cdf41133dec9bfd7f2f15c;;;Anybody deal with hygiene issues?;;;Without going on and on, my partner (32M) and I (31F) have been together for half of our lives. We are high school sweethearts and have been married for 7 years. I don’t know if I just never paid attention as much as I have these last few years or if it’s been not great all along.   The main issue Is he doesn’t keep his teeth/mouth clean. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve talked to him about it and in how many different ways I’ve tried to bring it up. There will be visible plaque on his front teeth. And sometimes he will even go through the act of brushing his teeth, but they are still dirty after, especially on one side of his mouth. He doesn’t look in the mirror to check to see if they are clean. In his mind, I guess since he went through the motion and remembered to do it period, that’s enough to not investigate further.   The becomes a problem because I do not want to be intimate with him. Our sex life has greatly declined. I’ve been very blunt before by saying....if you want me to have sex with you, please make sure your teeth are clean. It’s a very huge turn off that I cannot get past. For a few days after a conversation like that, he will make sure he brushes them (usually still not all the way clean) but then gets back into a routine of not doing it once the words wear off.   He’s also sensitive when it comes to discussing these things. I cannot approach it how I want to approach it, which is grab him and shake him and put a toothbrush in his hand. In the past, I’ve even brushed his teeth myself (I now realize this only furthers the parent/child dynamic).   My partner is not diagnosed but I lurk on these subs from time to time thinking, wow. That’s so us and him. We’ve had countless discussions about his behavior and how ADHD is likely the cause. I was seeing a therapist and after describing my situation to her, she suggested reading ADHD and marriage. I brought it up to my husband and even bought it on kindle because I thought if it was on his phone, he may be more likely to read it. Anyway, we never got fully through the book and I gave up trying. He has asked if he should see a therapist and I told him yeah, I don’t see how that would be a bad idea. But also, because of the parent/child dynamic..I don’t wanna be the one to enforce that on him.   So, do you guys have any advice? How do I not be his mother by checking if his teeth are clean? So far if I step back from the situation, they will not get clean or at least clean all the way around, both sides of the mouth. Wondering if his mouth is clean totally kills any sexual impulse.
