a97d854bfe0a76270e320e024084997bf3d6a043f054814bb1d8da7397622c55;;;Bizarre (possibly manipulative) behavior;;;My SO and I both have ADHD though she has the combined type -c and I have primarily inattentive. I was diagnosed and medicated as a teen while she has only recently started treatment.  Lately she's been displaying some confusing behavior and I'm not sure if it can be attributed to the condition or if there is some malicious intent or another condition present.  Basically she is highly reactive/argumentative/offended by completely benign statements or observations.  For example while making breakfast I commented that a certain brand of creamer is so much better than this other kind. She angrily told me that was just my opinion. She has never expressed preference over this item before and has no reason to take this observation personally.  The other night I pointed out that our dogs fur looks funny (he'd been licking it so it was standing on end) and she snapped at me "no it doesn't. That's just how it is"  She has told me in the past not to use absolutes. I'm not allowed to make concrete statements about things, or be sure of a fact I'm stating. She wants me to use 'soft language' like "I think", "maybe", "that could be" and avoid words like "never", always", "all". She claims her coworkers and friends and people on podcasts speak this way and that I should too. It's as if I'm not permitted to have a differing opinion or thought.   No one else in my life has ever reacted this way to my communication style. I can tell she's having a real, emotional reaction to these interactions that otherwise have nothing to do with her. She also only behaves this way around me as I've heard friends say similar things she may disagree with and she will laugh it off or agree with them.  I'm wondering if this is some extreme form of RSD that she only experiences around me or if she's struggling with some narcissism. If anyone has had similar experiences I would love to hear! And thanks for reading.   TLDR - SO offended at benign statements, expects me to speak with meekness and uncertainty
