a9dec69d03c08afec20d39648fa31da123eb57da23851c71a6188338568595ab;;;Advice: Problems with household chores and snappiness with my DX BF;;;Hey, my BF is diagnosed and medicated during the weekdays so he can complete college coursework more efficiently. We've been together for a year and moved in together a few months ago and I'm honestly super burnt out and frustrated. Wondering if anyone had advice for my situation  \- I do all the housework. He cooks twice a week, and does his own laundry. I do everything else. I vacuum, wipe down surfaces, scrub the stove and countertops, go grocery shopping for us and meal plan for us every week (I'm on a budget). If I let a single thing slip, then he starts complaining about how dirty the house is. His parents really coddled him in HS so he could focus on getting stellar grades and test scores, and then he lived in the dorms for our freshman year, so I think he's just not used to doing this type of stuff, but I try to ask him to complete simple tasks like emptying the dishwasher in the evening because he stays up much later than me and he'll say he's going to do it and then just not do it. Whenever I bring up the housework thing or show frustration, he just talks about how he's such an awful person for making me do this, but he never gets off his butt and HELPS  \- He's super irritable and rude when on his meds. When he's unmedicated on the weekends, he's super attentive and bubbly and affectionate. He's really fun to be around. Of course, its hard for him to get anything done, but generally he doesn't have too much HW on the weekends. The meds kill his appetite, and he's lost close to ten pounds since the beginning of the semester, which probably contributes to the grumpiness. Sometimes, when we wake up and I ask him how he's doing during the week, he'll just straight up ignore me. I get that he needs to work during the day, but he won't even make small talk while we're both making lunch or something. He won't even communicate that he can't talk right now. He won't even look at me. Its super frustrating.   \- He can't manage his time. He's started letting assignments slip and calculating exactly how much he can get away with skipping just to pass. I'm really busy this semester too, but because I'm better at time management, if he puts off something, all of a sudden I'm expected to accommodate his every whim so he has time to finish something the day its due when he put it off for three weeks.   Honestly, I've kind of reached my wits end. I feel like I'm holding myself, the household, and our relationship together alone. Does anyone here have advice?
