ac121469065a891254901a1ba4ca9f76a8044a170992aac7e9cd8a40c1670dca;;;In denial about diagnosis?;;;Husband (38) was diagnosed aged 15, medicated then, but not now.  &amp;#x200B;  I knew about the diagnosis, but he never seemed to place much importance on it, or refer to it much at all, in fact. I noticed that the fights we were having were the same thing over and over again (zoning out; forgetfulness; hyperfocus; impulsivity, etc), but only just last week thought to do a bit more research about ADHD and how it affects relationships. (Worth noting at this point that oftentimes when I got upset about his behaviour the takeaway was that it was me being unreasonable, and that I was the one that needed to change). Anyway, what a lightbulb moment! I went into a bit of a rabbit hole reading Additude magazine, as well as Melissa Orlov (ok, but not my fave) and Gina Pera (revelation; the second section made me cry several times out of recognition).  &amp;#x200B;   I approached him (kindly, respectfully - definitely didn't want it to be a blame game thing, it was more of a 'if this is perhaps part of the cause of our issues, then we can figure out what to do to address it, which is great!' kind of thing). He didn't react badly, but he wasn't particularly interested, and basically said that he was pretty dubious about the whole thing, and that he would definitely never take medication.  &amp;#x200B;  My question(s) is this: does anyone have any experience of their partner basically burying their head in the sand and is there anything I can do? I so want to be supportive, and help him, and am also completely aware of and admit to my inability to moderate my reactions to these behaviours (over which he has no control), but I'm also concerned that there's only so much convincing I can do, and that having my attempts at bridging the gap being continually knocked back is going to take its toll eventually. I'm starting to think that if this is how he wants to live his life then that's fine, but I wouldn't be able to be a part of it. it's just too painful on an almost daily basis.  &amp;#x200B;  All advice greatly appreciated; I've been lurking for a while and everything I've read has been so helpful.
