ac689b94a6cc8af6b44079bf95adc16cabaac97decbac13a499147da0fdc9637;;;Im a 35 ADHD man who lies to his girlfriend.;;;Hi everyone, thank you for taking the time to read this.  My girlfriend and I have finally came to the conclusion that she is not happy.  I’ve lied to her through the course of our 5 year relationships.   I have always lied. These aren’t “I have a secret family” or “im actually a drug kingpin”. These are little lies. For example:  Her: “ have you eaten any of the food from the pantry”?  Me: “yeah, defiantly.”   Total lie. I knew it, she knew it. Talking with her today I used that as an example.  To talk about my own faults. I explained to her how I’ve been trying to stop myself from lying.    I broker her trust by hiding a bad porn habit. The habit developed when I avoided talking to her about my sexual fetishes or things I’d like to try. I chickened out. And over the years our sex life has dwindled to nothing.   She thinks I’m asexual. At first I wouldn’t hear of it. But now I’m doing research on it. She likes to have sex a lot.  And this isn’t fair to her. So while we are stuck cohabitating I’m going to try to do all the work I can for myself. To learn more about why I lie and what my sexual identity actually is.   I grew up with very unhappy parents who were “staying together for the kids?” I’m sure some of you have heard that before. I am 35 and my gf is 36.   I want to have sex with her, I want to not watch porn, I don’t believe it is an addiction because I find it boring.  I find myself watching and looking at it because I’ve looked at all my other media sites I’ve looked at. I rarely even Masterbate to it anymore.   I learned lying from my parents (Not an excuse). I’m scared to talk about my sexual issues because I don’t know how!  I feel like I should just know and perform well.  I understand logically It a learned skill. But try telling that to my 90’s subconscious.   So my question Is has anyone who has ADHD or is in a relationship with an ADHD person had any issues with lying.  If so, how have you felt with it? And tricks or tips to catching myself before I lie?  Thank you for reading my short story and any advice would be appreciated.   Please believe I know that all lying is wrong in general.
