ace6bfbf02d0c24f100003e5f6da63570f4152fabe973753149baaf301486aaa;;;I feel like I'm going crazy, and don't know which way is up.;;;My wife (DX, unmedicated/untreated) and I (DX, medicated) have been married for about a year. In that time, she has begun exhibiting behavior that is deeply disconcerting and is causing me to question my sanity and which way is up. I don't know if this is ADHD or something more, but I'm really struggling and could use some feedback. I will preface this by saying she's one of the best women I have ever known, and these things only happen in the heat of the moment when she feels defensive. This has never once happened during a moment of non-conflict and I believe strongly it has to do with a combination of impulsivity and other ADHD traits, as well as some bad habits learned at the hands of an abusive father to avoid punishment.   In even the most minor conflict, my wife responds with \*extreme\* defensiveness and latches onto irrelevant details and derails conversations and turns the tables to make an issue that I'm concerned or upset about somehow my fault. To make matters worse, in these situations she will sometimes spin the facts in ways that don't make sense and don't add up.   A recent example happened yesterday when I found texts from someone she dated briefly and slept with a couple of times before we met (who I don't believe she has any feelings for) and he was urging her to leave me, saying, "you need to just end it and ask him to leave. You will feel immediate relief, even if you feel a bit sad for doing it...Jesus Jane, get papers, and give them to him". She replied that yes, that was probably what would happen, but she wanted to do it via our counselor. I found the texts on an intuition after she has recently been acting more combative and defensive, and seeming less willing to communicate in healthy ways, acting secretive with her phone, and acting almost giddy acting all cheerful and smiley after we'd had a fight and baking scones at midnight when she would normally be sullen and depressed or in bed. When I brought it up, I told her very calmly that we should discuss splitting up because it's clear you aren't in this all the way and that you have one foot out the door. She told me that it was all just in my head, that I get an idea in my mind and then get carried away believing my own stories. I asked her if she was sure she wanted to tow that line, and shared that I knew about the texts, and told her that it's not ok with me that your former lover is egging you on to leave me, this is a violation of our boundaries as a married couple. To be clear, I'm not concerned about this guy. He's a scrawny little twat with a pony tail who drives a corvette to feel good about himself and he's not trying to take my wife, he's just a douchebag running his mouth. Jealousy is not even on the radar here. I'm just calling the facts as I see them.  She immediately retorted, "he was NOT my lover, and he's NOT egging me on!" Well, I'm no scholar, but I'm pretty sure by any definition of the word, someone you had sex with and dated briefly would be called your lover if they don't meet the threshold for boyfriend. Is there even another word for it?  And by his words ... "Jesus, get papers and give them to him" etc is definitely egging on in my book. She continued to argue against this before turning the tables and telling me I had no right to look in her phone. Well, this is the pinnacle of hypocrisy because she has my passwords and has gone through my phone and laptop \*at great length\* going through thousands of text messages and emails, reading messages from previous relationships etc that she really had no right to, but I never scolded her, I was fine with it because I have no secrets. I have long told her that my standard for integrity is that I would never say or do anything with someone else that I wouldn't want her to hear or see, and that at any time she can look at anything she wants to. Until now, I've never had a reason to snoop. I just knew something was off.  Today, we were talking about the incident after counseling and she claimed that she never agreed with him that she would leave me, saying that she meant that she was agreeing that she wanted a temporary separation, when there was never a mention of any such thing in the text message. I pointed this out, and that there was no room for interpretation, in that thread. He said "end things" and "get papers" to which she replied in the affirmative both times. At first she latched onto the order of my words because I said "serve papers" first, when that was the last thing he said. When I pointed out that "end things" and "get papers" mean the same thing, she insisted that she had discussed separating earlier in the thread and there was a time-lag so when it looked like she was responding affirmatively to him, in reality she was affirming her earlier suggestion at a temporary separation. I sincerely doubt this.  So I said, "ok, show me". And of course she refused, saying she's not on trial. Then why did she present her previous text messages as evidence? A little while later she says she actually deleted the messages because she was worried I might look some more and she was paranoid before sending me a single screenshot of her telling him that she wondered how much of this was her fault. So I then asked why she would have deleted messages that would have put her in a good light, and then asking if she deleted messages, how come she has this one? She wrapped that up by saying she's confused and that I'm trying to run circles around her, but it feels very much the opposite. It feels like either I'm going insane and I have holes in my brain that are causing me to hallucinate or there is something very, very wrong here.  The thing is, I don't give a shit if she wants to get a divorce. I've brought it up to her that things have been bumpy and that we can call it quits as adults and do it maturely and it doesn't have to be a big messy thing. I love her, and if she's not happy I want to let her go. But what I can't do is tolerate being lied to regularly or having my boundaries or the boundaries of our marriage violated constantly, and these kinds of situations have become commonplace where I am all but certain she is lying to me (but twisting things around to make it very confusing like this). In fact, this scenario has played out 6-8 times in the last 6 months, where she says something that is false and I call her out and then she says she didn't say it, and several times when it was in a text message and I show it to her she then says she never said that she didn't say it, she was actually saying something else. And then when I point out that her claimed story doesn't make logical sense based on the timeline and the facts in the texts, she claims that she's confused and that she was confused all along and that it's all somehow my fault that she couldn't keep things straight. It's exhausting and debilitating and it's making me honestly question my sanity.   I'm mentally, physically and emotionally exhausted and distraught because I don't know how much of this is me misremembering things, or her honestly being confused or having a poor memory, or her having a darker side that I'm just now discovering. But I can think of dozens of examples of this, where she has latched onto words that are irrelevant to the issue at hand in order to derail a conversation, turned the tables and made my concern something that I've done wrong instead, or done what I can only describe as gaslighting. She has an appointment on Friday to see her doc and try another medication, as of now she is unmedicated and not seeing a doctor for ADHD except for a prescribing psychiatrist who has already tried a few meds that didn't work (except adderall, which worked but she didn't like).  So ADHD partners out there, please let me know, have you experienced anything like this extreme defensiveness? Confusing arguments and conversations that leave your head spinning? Is there hope? I'm at a loss here ...
ace6bfbf02d0c24f100003e5f6da63570f4152fabe973753149baaf301486aaa;;;Wife is Dishonet During Fighs, Starting to Feel like I’m Going Crazy;;;My wife (DX, unmedicated/untreated) and I (DX, medicated) have been married for about a year. In that time, she has begun exhibiting behavior that is deeply disconcerting and is causing me to question my sanity and which way is up. I don't know if this is ADHD or something more, but I'm really struggling and could use some feedback. I will preface this by saying she's one of the best women I have ever known, and these things only happen in the heat of the moment when she feels defensive. This has never once happened during a moment of non-conflict and I believe strongly it has to do with a combination of impulsivity and other ADHD traits, as well as some bad habits learned at the hands of an abusive father to avoid punishment.  In even the most minor conflict, my wife responds with extreme defensiveness and latches onto irrelevant details and derails conversations and turns the tables to make an issue that I'm concerned or upset about somehow my fault. To make matters worse, in these situations she will sometimes spin the facts in ways that don't make sense and don't add up.  A recent example happened yesterday when I found texts from someone she dated briefly and slept with a couple of times before we met (who I don't believe she has any feelings for) and he was urging her to leave me, saying, "you need to just end it and ask him to leave. You will feel immediate relief, even if you feel a bit sad for doing it...Jesus Jane, get papers, and give them to him". She replied that yes, that was probably what would happen, but she wanted to do it via our counselor. I found the texts on an intuition after she has recently been acting more combative and defensive, and seeming less willing to communicate in healthy ways, acting secretive with her phone, and acting almost giddy acting all cheerful and smiley after we'd had a fight and baking scones at midnight when she would normally be sullen and depressed or in bed. When I brought it up, I told her very calmly that we should discuss splitting up because it's clear you aren't in this all the way and that you have one foot out the door. She told me that it was all just in my head, that I get an idea in my mind and then get carried away believing my own stories. I asked her if she was sure she wanted to tow that line, and shared that I knew about the texts, and told her that it's not ok with me that your former lover is egging you on to leave me, this is a violation of our boundaries as a married couple. To be clear, I'm not concerned about this guy. He's a scrawny little twat with a ponytail who drives a Corvette to feel good about himself and he's not trying to take my wife, he's just a douchebag running his mouth. Jealousy is not even on the radar here. I'm just calling the facts as I see them.  She immediately retorted, "he was not my lover, and he's not egging me on!" Well, I'm no scholar, but I'm pretty sure by any definition of the word, someone you had sex with and dated briefly would be called your lover if they don't meet the threshold for boyfriend. Is there even another word for it? And by his words ... "Jesus, get papers and give them to him" etc is definitely egging on in my book. She continued to argue against this before turning the tables and telling me I had no right to look in her phone. Well, this is the pinnacle of hypocrisy because she has my passwords and has gone through my phone and laptop at great length going through literally thousands of text messages and emails, reading messages from previous relationships etc that she really had no right to, but I never scolded her, I was fine with it because I have had a bumpy past and have made some poor decisions but I have no secrets. I have long told her that my standard for integrity is that I would never say or do anything with someone else that I wouldn't want her to hear or see, and that at any time she can look at anything she wants to. Until now, I've never had a reason to snoop. I just knew something was off.  Today, we were talking about the incident after counseling and she claimed that she never agreed with him that she would leave me, saying that she meant that she was agreeing that she wanted a temporary separation, when there was never a mention of any such thing in the text message. I pointed this out, and that there was no room for interpretation, in that thread. He said "end things" and "get papers" to which she replied in the affirmative both times. At first she latched onto the order of my words because I said "serve papers" first, when that was the last thing he said. When I pointed out that "end things" and "get papers" mean the same thing, she insisted that she had discussed separating earlier in the thread and there was a time-lag so when it looked like she was responding affirmatively to him, in reality she was affirming her earlier suggestion at a temporary separation. I sincerely doubt this.  So I said, "ok, show me". And of course she refused, saying she's not on trial. Then why did she present her previous text messages as evidence? A little while later she says she actually deleted the messages because she was worried I might look some more and she was paranoid before sending me a single screenshot of her telling him that she wondered how much of this was her fault. So I then asked why she would have deleted messages that would have put her in a good light, and then asked if she deleted messages, how come she has this one? And if she had really deleted the messages, why wouldn't she have just said so earlier instead of refusing to show me without further explanation? She wrapped that up by saying she's confused and that I'm trying to run circles around her, but it feels very much the opposite. It feels like either I'm going insane and I have holes in my brain that are causing me to hallucinate or there is something very, very wrong here.  The thing is, I don't give a shit if she wants to get a divorce. I've brought it up to her that things have been bumpy and that we can call it quits as adults and do it maturely and it doesn't have to be a big messy thing. I love her, and if she's not happy I want to let her go. But what I can't do is tolerate being lied to regularly or having my boundaries or the boundaries of our marriage violated constantly, and these kinds of situations have become commonplace where I am all but certain she is lying to me (but twisting things around to make it very confusing like this).   In fact, this scenario has played out 6-8 times in the last 6 months, where she says something that is false and I call her out and then she says she didn't say it, and several times when it was in a text message and I show it to her she then says she never said that she didn't say it, she was actually saying something else. And then when I point out that her claimed story doesn't make logical sense based on the timeline and the facts in the texts, she claims that she's confused and that she was confused all along and that it's all somehow my fault that she couldn't keep things straight. It's exhausting and debilitating and it's making me honestly question my sanity.  I'm mentally, physically and emotionally exhausted and distraught because I don't know how much of this is me misremembering things, or her honestly being confused or having a poor memory, or her having a darker side that I'm just now discovering. But I can think of dozens of examples of this, where she has latched onto words that are irrelevant to the issue at hand in order to derail a conversation, turned the tables and made my concern something that I've done wrong instead, or done what I can only describe as gaslighting. She has an appointment on Friday to see her doc and try another medication, as of now she is unmedicated and not seeing a doctor for ADHD except for a prescribing psychiatrist who has already tried a few meds that didn't work (except adderall, which worked but she didn't like).  So ADHD partners out there, please let me know, have you experienced anything like this extreme defensiveness? Confusing arguments and conversations that leave your head spinning? Is there hope? I'm at a loss here ...
