ae062955158d42efe2b5317e6114cd4c6d7f3ceb38e2508885596c814fccbec5;;;Treating my partner's anxiety/depression has revealed an ADD (N)DX and I am having trouble coping. NEED TIPS please;;;My partner and I have been dating for 2 years. During which time he has had anything from dysthymia to major depression. After a severe bout of major depression and intense anxiety he started medication and therapy. All is going well, but the more his mood lifted and the more calm he felt, the more he lost the ability to focus.  More and more he says he feels like hes thinking about a thousand things, but cant gran onto any single thought long enough to talk about it. He said thinking about one thing is like trying to hold a live slippery fish. When we talk sometimes he doesn't hear me. I have to repeat myself a lot. He is so non functional at work that they pulled him aside and basically asked what's wrong. I get the feeling he almost lost his job.  When he was young it was highly theorized that he had ADD but his parents refused a formal diagnosis or medical intervention. They didn't 'believe in that'. He soon after developed depression and I guess the anhedonia, fatigue, and all the classic depression symptoms masked his ADD symptoms. Almost like a sweet middle spot on a pendulum. It's only now that he is better with mental health that he is dealing with this for the FIRST TIME as an adult. He is very overwhelmed, he feels very guilty, and he's generally really mad and frustrated with himself. He is making an appointment with his doctor this weekend to discuss options.  I have an honors degree is Social and Neuropsychology, and I've done counselling in the past, but none of my school really went into ADD/ADHD beyond diagnosis. I was actually the one to bring up ADD to him when the signs started. I however have never had ADD/ADHD patients for DBT or CBT, nor have I worked with someone in clinical or in my practice with the condition. This past week he has had the biggest improvement in mental health and consequentially the biggest jump in his ADD symptoms. It's been hard for us both.  I would like to get some perspective on what hes probably going through, and how he's feeling. I'd like to know if there are things your S.O. does that are really helpful to you (those with the condition), or those of you as the non-dx partner, what things do you find help your dx'd partner?  Right now I'm trying to be as patient as possible. trying to ask if he heard me or needs things repeated. I help him with organizing his weekly schedules. I help remind him or big events or appointments.  He would like to medicate, so I am looking for ways to be supportive and helpful until he gets that component sorted. I also am unsure of what the process for finding a medication for this condition involves, and what the general side effects are for them while taking it.  Any and all advice and tips or shared experiences are welcome. TYVM for all your time, help, and kindness.  **TL;DR Partner of 2 years finally got his depression under control, which revealed massive ADD symptoms out of no where. He was told in childhood he needed a formal DX and his parents refused. His childhood and adult depression had masked the condition for most his life. I need insight for what hes going through, ways to support and help him, and general experiences with medication and symptom management**
ae062955158d42efe2b5317e6114cd4c6d7f3ceb38e2508885596c814fccbec5;;;Coping mechanisms and skills for social impulse control;;;TLDR**My Dx'd and medicated partner is having a hard time with impulsively agreeing to social events that are unsafe during the pandemic despite multiple conversations about safe pandemic protocols and the rules we agreed to follow as a partnership/team.**  He gets very emotionally invested and excited for events that he gets invited to even though they're not safe. When I explain he shouldnt go because there aren't enough safety measures in place, and it puts him, his roommates, and could put me at risk too, with some back and forth he does back down but is very sad about the perceived rejection.   This issue is compounding because it's the same issue with family related things and events, and they are also unsafe during the pandemic.   I'm not sure what to do when it feels like no matter how many times we talk and agree on a plan, it doesn't seem to matter. We've had multiple situations now where this is an issue. I feel at my wits end about it because I feel like I can't trust him to be safe or follow through on our agreements in my absence.   **Has anyone experienced this with their partner, or experienced this themselves? Do you have any coping mechanisms, experiences or frames of reference that helped you to tune out the impulse? I feel so lost and desperate.**
