ae6d38ac965960afe84f580fe351266668b00cbb24eb24cd47d6c0bac8b2d094;;;Hard time with NDX ADHD boyfriend;;;I've been with my boyfriend for a bit more than 2 years. We met online and got to know each other effortlessly, since every interaction seemed straightforward and there wasn't any friction at all. But it was also at a time of change in our personal lives, as he was going to start focusing on his master's degree and I was going to start my second bachelor's degree in a city far from my hometown. Since we don't share the same hometown, we planned to hang out together every now and then to enjoy the time we had left until I had to leave and stay far away for some time, so we met each other's friends, showed places to each other from our hometowns... but then I had to go and as soon as our distance grew large so did our troubles. I probably won't remember many details of the troubles that arised from this, but I'll try to select and describe the relevant parts.  At first I was adapting to a new environment, didn't know anyone in this city and being a bit older than the real freshmen in there I had some hard time bonding with them. This would result in some worry, uncertainty and stress on my part, and there was this problem with my boyfriend during this "start" that I remember: I asked him to let me know he had arrived to his destination on a trip he was going to with his college friends (over the weekend probably). I remember clearly calling him during my lunch break (not sure if it was the same day or the next one) while crying on the phone outside of the campus so nobody could see me like that, because he hadn't reached back to me. He also cried on his side and told me he had forgotten to check his phone as he was just enjoying the trip, which I can understand at some level. His college friend got into the room to ask him to help with preparing the salad for their lunch and he said he had to go. We had a phone call at night and everything was better (not sure if it was the same day or the next one).  Most of the issues arising after this were about me not handling being all by myself properly, as I have yet to figure out the hobby I really appreciate do to in long term and a hard time starting and sticking to different/stimulating activities to do. As a long distance relationship, we tried to dedicate some time to ourselves through calls and plan out what we could do together at a given time, as we had to check with each other's schedules what was the best moment for us. I ended up clinging to my boyfriend for all sorts of purposes, probably a bit too much that it stirred a lot of troubles. Most of them were me complaining about: him not feeling interested in watching series' episodes or playing games together out of the blue during those specific times, him not telling me that he got home safely after a night out of drinking, him complaining and sighing about general situations in life that displeased him but having a passive approach to them, and so on.   At some point I searched and found there were psychology appointments in my college, so I signed up for it and hoped I could get help on not clinging on my boyfriend so much and adapting to my new reality - being alone in a new place seems to be much harder than I initially thought. My psychologist digged a lot into my early life/personal scars/traumas and sometimes I feel like some fascinating discovery to her in a weird way (although she really likes to talk to me, help me and has taught and motivated me in mostly everything I present to her).   More issues between us were piling up and a somewhat common solution became to talk to my psychologist about it and see what would her opinion be on this matter, as we would start to agree to disagree on most of them. She advanced that he could benefit from professional help aswell (based on problems I have with his close group of friends (not his college friends)), and even suggested that she can invite him over to this city and have us speak to her presently if he agrees to it. When I got the information to him he refused to consider professional help as "they will only prescribe pills that won't do anything", while I would explain that psychologists cannot prescribe pills and that nobody can force him to take them.  These problems I mention about his close group of friends is about them not being the most welcoming bunch while I was trying to fit in and get to know them since they play video games together and my own group of friends was going through a rough patch. They have known each other for years and it's basically impossible to change their own ways, so I gave my best shot at it and once it backfired I stopped trying and preferred to stay out of that additional trouble. I asked my boyfriend to keep private things with him but he shared with them, my boyfriend seems to have much more fun with them than with me, like I'm a bore, and I heard from my boyfriend that they would mock the way I am when I'm not around and excuse themselves by saying "it's just a joke", but I cannot help but feel sad to know that my boyfriend had laughed with them about it too, like I'm a joke for being the way I am. This close group doesn't know anything about my boyfriend's issues, as they are "just for fun" and "won't really help him because they'll probably make a joke out of whatever issue I tell aswell.  At a certain point, after starting and ending a discussion again, he would become insightful and slowly began somewhat open and showing me there could be some other problems with himself. These problems were ADHD, anxiety, alexithymia, BPD, maybe others too but all surrounding mental illnesses. I found it hard to believe there was any chance this could be true, as not only he does a lot of reading on various topics daily (usually starts on Wikipedia articles or online boards and then would research deeper into several topics or keywords) and every now and then he would show me a different illness, but I also vividly remembered the first months of our relationship and I said many times "you weren't like this when I met you". Plus, there was no official diagnosis, he refused to consider professional help right away when the problems started dragging, so I couldn't really feel comfortable reinforce the idea of having him seek professional help as I would risk getting more invalidation or rejection.  So in the end that leaves us with a lot of limitations on the way we interact with each other, for example me feeling nervous and a strong pressure on my chest just to know about some new silly story about his close group of friends, fearing on the thought that they might be mindlessly causing any kind of (emotional) damage somewhere else; or me not being able to let him know exactly how I feel about certain things, fearing he would reject or disregard that. Or for example my boyfriend complaining he feels suffocated or like he has to walk on eggshells when talking to me.  Over these 2 years we had to manage our visits to each other, except when I was on vacation and would come back to my hometown for a longer time and was physically closer to him, and usually being in person with him is completely different from what happens over texts and calls. He clearly says that his attention drifts away with just a voice that doesn't have a face to it - from what I see, him being close and present with me somehow keeps him calmer, more attentive, less silly (in opposition to the silliness of his close group of friends), and so on. Basically everything looks better when we're close.  Because of coronavirus all schools and universities shut down and students like me went back to their hometowns and had their classes online. Not only we were physically closer, but we were also restricted and could not see each other until some time after march. Over the next months until summer break we would gradually start to see each other more often, and because we had planned a trip together on my university's city, we changed that to somewhere close to us in my hometown right when our vacations would match (he has finished his master's degree and has started working since the last year). We were really excited for it and spent the previous weekend together planning that and having fun together... but on sunday he goes home, and the next morning he wakes up in a moody state, for no apparent reason, and I find it hard to believe this is really happening. "We had a great weekend, we were making plans, and this is how he feels the next day?" was my constant thought. He decides to hang out with his close group of friends to lift up his mood. This problem escalated to a point where we couldn't speak to each other anymore, and his best friend from that close group had to intervene and talk to each one of us to understand what is going on and find how to help, concluding that "even though my boyfriend has good intentions, the way he shows and manages it is hurtful to me as it invalidates me", but also adding that I'm a very nervous person and that anxiety won't help on this either, but mostly telling him to behave better. She told me aswell that she has been on her long distance relationship for much longer than 2 years and that they aswell have been through some rough patches but through communication and "codes" they manage to sort it out. As far as I know this was probably the first time that my boyfriend spoke with any of them about his personal issues, since he had told me he never did that before.  Another time I learned that the best way my boyfriend would describe me would be "as the bridge between the real world (with all its difficulties and stresses) and the close friends world (with all its goofiness and silliness that allows him to escape from whatever is bad)". This made me feel like a complete tool, useless as a person, so I cried, as if my whole dedication and effort to this relationship only serves to this sole purpose of allowing him to manage his own life and not break apart and not getting a thing in return - he said "I'd give him all the reality checks he needed to prevent him from drifting away inside his thoughts/fantasies/ideas (but when I gave them, they'd be rejected or frowned upon), but also allow him to have some space to goof around at some degree (because I wouldn't allow myself to be like his friends, but at least there's something about me he enjoys I guess)". It was somewhat around this time I believe that he managed to schedule a psychiatry appointment for the next week after this post.  And finally... up to this day it has been increasingly difficult to talk to my boyfriend without thinking that whatever good intention I try to show it might go to waste, that it might be in vain, that the effort I believe I'm able to provide will not be completely mutual. It seems that I really put my expectations on relationships really high, about how we treat and help each other, basically to have someone that will understand me, understand where I'm coming from, and someone I can trust on and not feel embarrassed about any possible silly doubt or concern I have in mind that needs to be cleared. I truly find it difficult to be pleased with anything less than my self-imposed capacity, as I always try to think of the best things for each and both of us.   Last weekend we had another discussion that started with three small situations that bummed me and I kept silent, fearing he would not like hearing at all what is annoying me, but that easily started another problem. My reference to explain my perspective this time was "Peter and the Wolf", in the sense that after so many delusions that I've had with him, it turns out to be hard to believe his intentions are true even though his actions come off as harmful. He only tells me that he has said he's sorry and that he has been trying to put effort into fixing this, but I keep explaining that this small portion of time of fixing does not compensate for the last 2 years of troubles, mostly especially about how he rejected my initial advice about professional help and only now being actually a possibility. The problem kept escalating until today, and now it became nearly impossible for me to believe I will ever be able to speak normally again after this. He himself showed me this board and some previous posts about other people and how they are dealing with their loved ones' ADHD, so I learn how to cope with this but I ended up feeling even more hopeless seeing how some comments show that this will be it for the long run. It just feels like an unexpected turn of events which I don't know how to deal with. At this point I just want to hear from the professional so we can exactly know what is going on.  &amp;#x200B;  I would really appreciate any words of advice you might have, after all I tried to describe the most I could remember of this journey, but I sense that I might really feel calmer only when I know what the psychiatrist will conclude from his appointment.  Thank you for reading thoroughly, and I apologize for any possible error on my writing.
