ae89ab6c829dc28b4d0b3da1f604c48322e53dcc70a7ad23b1f2e8a315f748ea;;;I'm not sure how to help my ADHD partner and our relationship;;;My M(22) partner NB(dx, medicated 24) and I have been together over 3 years now and their ADHD has been a constant source of stress on our relationship. At this time I'm working full time in a highly stressful job and I take community college classes part time. On top of that I find myself taking care of all the household chores. I remind them multiple times a day and have tried helping them come up with a weekly schedule which they dont stick to. Currently we are staying at their parents house "temporarily" while they find a job so I'm not only cleaning up after myself and my partner but also my partner's parents!  My partner has been fired mutliple times and now they have been without a job since February and of course the pandemic doesn't help. They have no car since it was taken back by their parents due to non payment so they have to use mine. They haven't been job hunting as much as they should be and have only gotten a few interviews since being fired.  They are currently behind on college classes. My partner insisted on taking classes full time even though I warned them they have failed many classes in the past with just a part time schedule and I need them to have a job so we can get a place together not to mention college classes are extremely expensive. I love them dearly and we want to live together and get married but I feel like I am in a relationship with a child. I have given a lot of patience and effort into this relationship but as a 22 yr old I feel like I am too young to be taking care of an adult. The kind of life I want is one that is responsible and organized and independent (aka not living with parents!) I want to buy a house, get married and have kids some day. My partner has made it clear that they want that with me but we are at a loss at what to do and I feel stuck and used. They are willing to seek treatment and they have recently gone on meds but without a job they dont have enough money to go to regular therapy sessions.   I'm at my wits end and I dont know how to help them! I need a partner who has a job and helps with the chores are there any methods for managing adhd that we can try? how can I help them keep track of their homework, chores, and job hunting?  tldr: I bust my ass working full time, handling the chores, and going to college while my adhd partner is unemployed, forgets all the chores and doesnt finish their hw. what do I do?
