b1cba4917b099b3e25af8befb6e3f3291343efbd7b832ab5a62d5c0258aaee7d;;;Xpost from /r/ADHD me(26) trying to understand the different priorities and cleanliness habits of my (24 ADHD DX) partner - what's worked for you, we want to be a better team!;;;   TL;DR Partner has made a lot of progress but still has trouble prioritizing. We have different priorities as far as cleaning goes and I'm working on not projecting my own ideas about what 'a healthy house' is onto him but I'm not sure how to be helpful and empathetic without coming off as talking-down to him when he forgets tasks.   I grew up in a really strict house - my parents were clean freaks and our house often looked like a gently used model home for my entire childhood. We were allowed plenty of self-expression - they were great parents, I had a really happy childhood &amp; went to school for the arts - but my idea of "neat", I'll admit, the bar is high. At home, I clean my entire apartment &amp; straighten clutter every other day.  I adore my partner! He's a caring, driven person who has endless empathy, time and energy to be a good person &amp; take care of people. However, he's severely ADHD and his housekeeping tasks sometimes go unfinished for awhile. Dishes, trash, laundry, clutter - he knows what a clean home looks like but some weeks he'll lose focus and it's absolutely chaos when I come over. I know that a large part of the problem is that he's \*incredibly busy\* but I also can't help but project my own feelings of NEAT = HEALTH onto him. We both want him to be his best self, and me constantly putting him down or nagging him isn't the way I want to do it. Our communication skills are good I'd say, but his brain is complicated and we've been struggling to really grasp the full idea of a solution. this sub has been helpful reading for both of us but theres some stuff i haven't really seen covered so I need some advice for 2 main things,  ONE: He loses sight of one big thing in the 5 things he has to do and I don't know how to help.  We talk about it once or twice a month, because when I off-hand discover &amp; mention a "large" mistake (like leaving containers of food in the fridge until it's gross, or forgetting about the cat litter box for a week) he experiences a lot of shame and embarrassment. I can TELL that he genuinely forgot and it sucks to watch him feel bad - it's like he JUST cleaned but there's still problems, it feels like he can't do it right. The task just got buried in all the other things he had to do that week. We've talked about his experiences trying lists, routines, other coping mechanisms, his history of therapy and current medications. He's tried a lot of stuff to varying degrees of success - organizational stuff is hard because he just will forget to update lists or tasks so they go incomplete. Ultimately, he says that he's fine with some typical clutter because he lives alone - he's also so busy that he's rarely home, so having dirty laundry or a few empty bottles around don't bother him as much as they do me. He doesn't zero in on everything out of place in a room like I do. I've been gradually better about asking if he needs help when I find a problem instead of just remarking that it's wrong. At the end of the day, he \*knows\* that it's wrong, he just lost sight of it and being reminded that he forgot something upsets him.  TWO: our priorities are a little different &amp; that causes our time to be used in different ways, I feel like some of his choices are instant-gratification and avoid chores on purpose, even if that may not be the case.  I look at a free chunk of time: say, "We have a free Saturday" and to him, he's thinking of resting from the stressful week, or seeing some friends. Which is normal and he really needs the downtime bc his job is stressful! But, meanwhile, all I can think about is "You should really do the chores you've been putting off, there were still filthy dishes and clutter all over the counter from cooking you did 2 days ago." I have made the mistake of saying that once or twice and I feel....gross about it. Like I'm being his mom or treating him like a little kid and he felt equally talked-down-to. He's great about doing things in his own time, when he finds the problem - it's just usually longer than I'd wait and it feels weird to see a mess twice and not comment on it. From my perspective, he's bad at seeing free time and breaking it up into multiple tasks - he'll decide to do something at noon &amp; then the rest of the day becomes useless time because he's focused on his plan at noon. I don't want to feel like I have to remind him to clean, and I feel terrible doing it. But taking even...minutes to straight up would stop things from snowballing and feeling overwhelming. He agrees with me, but just has never been able to get into the mindset and ultimately can't hold all of the things that I would think about tidying in his head at once.  Thanks for doing all these reading. Ultimately, its not serious. None of these are huge, relationship-ending problems for either of us. He's not a hoarder or spiteful or purposefully giving up on getting better, we've actually made a lot of progress towards being healthier together since I know I have my fair share of hangups to unlearn! I think I just feel like it's been plateauing on these big issues and I'd love to hear other people's experiences?
