b1e93d6d08ea740def1e56b38d2b156347120b11a4521f017c3b8a8238b75543;;;Is it worth it?;;;Some background:  Boyfriend(36M) and I(34F)met via OLD and have been dating for almost 2 years. I fell for him fast and hard. He’s funny, smart, interesting, good-hearted, charming, laid-back but also energetic. We found each other at the right time when we were both looking to settle down. At the 1 year mark we moved in but that was when I started to witness some concerning behaviors and after lots of research and reading, I’m fairly confident he has (undiagnosed and untreated) ADHD.  1. During our move-process I noticed he was a hoarder. Had tremendous difficulty throwing away things because they had sentimental value and he was afraid of discarding those memories. He is also messy and lives in clutter and after endless nagging (and failed promises to unpack boxes by date X), he finally resolved the move-in mess after months.  2. He is very indecisive, to the point where I feel like I contribute to most of our conversation topics, how to spend our time, what to eat, etc. To this day, my romance-starved soul has never been taken on a proper romantic date planned by him. He mentions he has trouble planning or thinking of ideas (once he described that the suggestion of what to eat and what movie to watch seems to take roughly an hour since his mind is juggling many other things).   3. He’s not generally thoughtful or attentive around the household. I’ve taken on many of the other household duties like cooking, food planning, shopping trips / errands. I’m disappointed that many times he doesn’t recognize the opportunity to help without me asking, and constantly feel like the parent without an equal partner.  4. He’s not great at understanding and articulating his feelings. I would describe myself as an empath and through more conversations I’ve realized that he isn’t usually in tune with his emotions. Sometimes when I try to have deeper conversations about our feelings (e.g. greatest hopes / fears / insecurities) I’ll feel like we hit a wall where he is unable to engage deeper. Makes it harder for me to feel fully connected to him, and understood by him as a result.   5. He can be lazy and/or easily distracted. In a pandemic, these lifestyle habits seem to be magnified 10x and irritate me on a daily basis. I see him mindlessly scroll Reddit or play Sudoku during work hours when there are probably better things to do with his time. When we have conversations he’ll sometimes mindlessly pull out the phone mid-conversation. I’ve called him out on these habits but he doesn’t see them as a problem. I feel like his habits start to bring out the worst in me. I want to be with a partner who makes and pushes me to be better, not the opposite.   I have two questions for this community:  1. We are starting couples therapy this week but I suspect a huge part of seeing progress will be getting clinically diagnosed / going on meds. How much of a shift in behavior should I expect after this takes place? I’m assuming the pain points don’t just magically disappear but how much better does it get?   2. For those who have walked down this journey, is it worth it? I’m 34, and recognize that this is quite possibly the worst time to start searching for another partner, but I do have goals of finding the right person to build a family with. How do I decide whether this is something I want to work through vs cut my losses and start anew?
