b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;My husband spends a lot of money on his monthly new obsessions, and nothing I do seems to get through to him.;;;My (20F) husband (23M) was diagnosed with ADHD as a child and was on medicine for many years before deciding he didn’t want to take it anymore at about 20 years old. We’ve been married for almost a year and money is our biggest issue, but nothing I say or do seems to get through to him.   The main issue is that he has many new obsessions all the time, and he spends hundreds of dollars on his obsessions every single month before losing interest quickly after. Whether that’s computer parts, DLC for video games, Magic the Gathering cards, Pop Figures, etc, it’s very obvious to me that these are things that we don’t *need*, but I don’t know how to help him see that. We don’t make a lot of money, and I’m always stressed about trying to afford groceries and bills and emergency expenses like vet visits for our animals, all the while he’s excitedly telling me about his recent $200 purchase. When I bring up the fact that he’s overspending, he feels guilty and does better for a little while, but then falls back into old habits again.   I’ve tried to push him to get help. To go to marriage counseling with me, to see an individual therapist, to ask about being put on medicine again. He seems interested but nothing ever comes from it. It’s taking a giant emotional toll on me. I try to be understanding and empathetic because I know he can’t control it, but I’m losing patience. When I was struggling with my depression and it was taking a toll on our marriage, I sought out help and got treatment. I wish he would do the same for me.   I just don’t know what to do. I love him so much and I don’t want to make him feel sad or guilty for buying the things that he wants and doing what makes him happy, but we live in a reality where sometimes we can’t get the things we want right away and basic needs come first.
b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;It’s been a bad week. (Vent);;;My Dx’ed, medicated husband goes through periods where he’s really good. And then he goes through periods like this week, where I feel like I’m going to have a mental breakdown because I’m so tired of dealing with the chaos.   Let’s start it off with the money issues. We’ve always had problems with him overspending, but he’s overcome a lot of that. Not this week. I checked the bank account a few days ago to find that he’d spent $200 on a mobile game he plays in the past week. I was furious, and he was apologetic and promised to not spend another penny on it. I checked the account again today, and he’s spent another $50 on it, then denied that he did.   Then his job. Apparently he signed a contract extending his job today, a ceremony I was supposed to be there for. He didn’t tell me. Didn’t even mention it. We never agreed that he would sign the contract, how long it would be for, or which state we wanted to put in for. He just went ahead and made all those decisions himself and didn’t even tell me. I only found out because he called and told my dad. When I told him why I was upset, that this would affect my life heavily too for the next decade, he said he couldn’t see why I was so upset.   On top of that, he’s been in such a bad mood the past week, and he’s been taking it out on me heavily. I get being stressed out, but I get to the point where I dread him coming home and avoid him at all costs just so he won’t snap at me.    I’m going to stay at my mom’s house tonight before he gets home. I’m so upset and furious right now and I can’t believe how selfish he can be sometimes. Usually he’s so sweet and caring, then he gets in this moods for weeks at a time when he’s so selfish I barely even recognize him.
b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;I’m just not going to bring up the things that bother me anymore. (Vent);;;I learned from this sub what RSD is. My diagnosed husband used to be fairly good at accepting criticism, and I thought I was very lucky he didn’t have that trait. Well, ever since he started his meds a few months ago, he’s developed pretty extreme RSD. We used to be fairly good at talking about the things that upset us. I would calmly approach the matter, and he would listen and apologize if necessary and we would make appropriate changes to the matter. Now it’s a battlefield.   I still calmly approach things. He gets angry and shuts down. Then after a little while, the explosion happens. He goes on and on about how I’m constantly bringing up his flaws 24/7, how we fight constantly, how he can’t do anything right, how he feels like such a failure. First of all, we don’t fight all the time and I don’t constantly bring up his flaws. Second, I never call him a failure, and between small criticisms I praise him for how hard I can see that he’s trying, even if he’s not. It can be as simple as him forgetting to do dishes on his night, and I can say “Hey, just reminding you that you didn’t do the dishes on your night last night, so I would appreciate if you did them tonight!” And the battle begins. Or if we watch a movie he really enjoys and he asks me if I liked it and want to watch the rest of the movies in the series, and I say “I can see why you enjoy it but personally I just don’t think this series is for me!” Suddenly he’s not allowed to like anything and I’m tearing him down and calling the things he enjoys stupid.   So I’m done. I’ll just bottle everything up inside and never bring anything even slightly negative up again. He can sit on his video games from the time he gets up to the time he goes to sleep, never do any housework, be late to work everyday, and blow all of our money. That’s just the way it has to be from now on. Starting medicine has honestly made him 10x worse but I’m the only one who sees that. He thinks it’s been a godsend.
b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;Anyone else’s partner hyperfocus on video games?;;;My husband goes through on and off again phases with video games. Sometimes he won’t touch them for months, other times it’s all he does for extended periods of time. I’m currently a stay at home wife while I get through college, and I have no friends at the place we live at. So when this happens, he goes to work, comes home, hops on his game and talks to his friends all day, and then comes to bed long after me and I get no human interaction at all that day.   I’m currently going through a bad period with my mental health and the social isolation I feel makes it so much worse. I’ve tried to tell myself I should be happy he has such an innocent hobby. At least he’s not spending money, or out doing something he’s not supposed to do. But it still hurts. I feel like I’m not important at all and that he doesn’t value the time we spend together.   When I bring up how I feel, he makes more of an effort to be near me. Unfortunately he thinks sitting next to me watching videos on his phone is the same as spending time with me, or he’ll ask if I want to watch a movie so we sit together in silence for 2 hours and then he hops right back onto his game.   I’m just so lonely right now. I want to throw the damn computer away while he’s gone at work. I never would,  but that’s just how I feel.
b2296a4d2f22b1bb4b4a31ac321f12371e530ca0e614adb5d2aa8795c147d6ec;;;Should I give up on trying to get my husband not to spend as much money on his new hobbies?;;;Husband is diagnosed and medicated.   Like many of your partners, one of my husband’s biggest symptoms is hyper focusing on new hobbies and then spending a lot of money on them, only for them to be forgotten a short time later. It’s been one of the biggest conflicts in our marriage.   From the beginning I’ve discouraged this behavior, pointing out that he doesn’t usually stay interested in the hobbies for more than a few weeks, and then we’re out $400-$1000 for something that’s going to sit in a closet and collect dust until it’s eventually thrown away. He agrees with me at the time, but then a new hobby comes along and everything we talked about is out the door. I know this isn’t his fault, and that when the next biggest and greatest thing comes along he’s not thinking rationally and all he can focus on is how amazing it will be to get the thing that he wants.   I’ve gotten tired. For the last few months, I’ve given up on discouraging him. I let him spend as much as he wants, and I don’t say anything. We’ve been fine financially, but our savings is starting to dwindle because we have to pull out of it to survive the rest of the month due to him spending so much on hobbies.   We’ve tried setting up a budget. A lot of times, he was making online purchases and not keeping up with how much he spent. So we sat down together and wrote out a nice budget that had a decent cut of our monthly income going to his hobbies, and I stuck a piece of paper next to his computer and encouraged him to write down every purchase he made so he could keep track of how much he was spending. We’ve tried this a few times now, and it doesn’t work for more than a few days. Usually, he either forgets to write stuff down, or he blows through his entire budget and then begs me to let him spend “just a little more” to get something else.   Should I just give up on trying to discourage him, since we’re doing fine financially at the moment? I just worry about what will happen when our savings is gone. I’m quite frugal, so it also hurts to see so much money is getting spent on things that aren’t used or wanted a short time later.
