b3d84595344695554668dd54f842af44749fd5b03cf1687e022f56409cce4b20;;;Would you stay with someone who has a crazy mom and ok with it;;;I  meant to write in this in my other account r/temporary-day5392 but i forgot my password.    I posted here a couple of times before about staying over my boyfriend's family house. The reason I am not at his own house is for stupid strict/ religious purposes ( he isn't my husband yet so we can't stay alone together) Anyways. My partner has ADD (clinically diagnosed) and so does his mom ( my partner’s diagnosis. She refuses to believe in mental health) . If you see my post history me n my partner were always having arguments, And staying at a house where his family is isn't making it easier because sometimes they hear us when we argue.   Anyway. From the first moment I stepped into his house I have realized that his mom doesn't show emotions, isnt kind at all. My partner told me she has ADD as well. So I tried to brush it off and not get hurt by it as I believed its not intentional.   Until last week. She started questinining me out of nowhere about what our plans are. And she said u guys aren't ready to get married And she won't let him marry me. And that I need to work alot on myself. ( Mind you this is all in a yelling tone) I was shockedand hurt but she said sorry the next day and I shook it off and forgave her.   But today was my last day. I overheard her telling my bf that I am very disrespectful. And this is the third time I overhear her saying that. She went on about telling him that he should watch out. This fucking crazy lady is creating stories in her head and believimg them. Every mom I know, my mom's friends. My friends mothers love and respect me so much. This lady's definition of respect is someone who goes out their  to keep askung abiut her day and show interest to the mother in law even if though mother in law is always mean and not kind.   Despite her awful behaviour i tried to talk to her and be her friend for my bfs sake even though i am not a very out going person ESPECIALLY when its with someone who i can just FEEL hates me . Her disgusted of me face pushed me away.   So when I overheard that today I couldn't fucking take it anymore. I went straight to her and asked her can you please give me one example of how I was being disrespectful? She said you're on your phone all the time and you don't try talking to me. I said I keep trying but how can I keep going when you keep calling me names behind my back and insulting my family behind my back. She ignored that and said (aha). She kept trying to make up anything in her stupid head to make me sound bad. She said I'm trying to make her son escape his values. I went hardcore and said oh so u think we don't have values so how is it ok that ur other son lives with his gf who he isn't even married to? ( not that im against that but i know she is)  She went crazy. She said SEE !! I TOLD YOU SHES NOT RESPECTFUL. I cried my eyes out.   Omfg. Wtf is this shit. I love my bf to death though and we have been really doing good recently.   His stance in all of this is that that's just her personality and that I should have tried harder to be her friend. And that I shouldn't have said anything. Fucking stupid ass family. Idk what to do. How can I live a normal life with a mother inlaw who fucking hates me for no fucking reason. And a son whos too *respectful* to see that she's fucking delusional.
