b45ef8afa8cb1b946affce00abdece15e00be88da1f0fb7d02686d72b26a00c4;;;Today felt abusive and I don't know what to do next;;;I'm 35 male, my boyfriend of 6 years is 36. I came home from my new job feeling good and excited to watch TV with him before he went to work (bartender so opposite of my 9-5). We've only recently learned about Rejection Sensitivity so I'm not sure what to do when it flares up.   But today was something special. I asked how his day was, we started talking about work last night, but at the same time I asked what he had been working on because he had a computer monitor on the coffee table. He said "it's none of your business!" And when I responded "um, what the fuck?" He said he was kidding and wanted to tell me about his day at work. So I asked him about it, felt better about him reacting crazy... He said it was a slow night and he didn't make much money. I said "well you work tonight, and it's right before Thanksgiving so you should make good tips this week, right?"  He then flew off the handle. It's hard for me to remember what he said next because I was caught off guard and felt super blindsided. But he said that I had to stop telling him how to feel, I was supposed to comfort him, and that I was gaslighting him.  I left, I had only been home for 5 minutes, wanted to play with the dog, but instead I went and drove around. Got food. Finally went back and just avoided him, waiting for him to go to work. When he left, he said he loved me, I didn't respond, which I know was petty and didn't help, but I was hurt. He left, then came back in, and told me that I need to manage my emotions, he's allowed to have bad moods, and if I can't handle that I should be here when he gets home. He told me "my name is the only one on the lease" and then went so far as to tell me our dog, who just turned one, is registered in his name. Then he left.   Yesterday we went and spent the day with his family and brought our dog and had a lovely time and even a nice drive. I don't know what happened. It makes me feel like I can't trust him and that I'm going crazy. I don't want to be here tonight, but I don't have anywhere else to go. I'm again he's going to wake me up when he gets home to kick me out after we lived together for 4 years. I'm lost, and feeling so alone.
