b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;My boyfriend rants but when it turns mean, it feels like abuse.;;;My partner has a tendency to have these very long monologues where he can talk about a hundred subjects in a short time. If I dont stop him he will keep going. I think its a cute quirk and I enjoy it. When it goes on for more than 30 minutes I'll tell him I can concentrate anylonger and he's fine with that. He usually doesnt realize how long he has been talking.   But when he gets upset or angry, its not cute anymore. He raises his voice or yells, sometimes 4-5 hours about everything Ive ever done wrong. Its down to the smallest strangest things, like he thinks Im listening to psycotic man hating music (Beyonce, Lorde, etc). Or he gets angry I drink 10 cups of coffee a day, though I drank 2 (and who cares either way). He gets angry at me for asking before I can take anything from his kitchen, and 20 seconds later he is yelling at me for not asking.   Its lead me to be extremely nervous and anxious all the time. I feel like no matter what I do, it will be the wrong thing. It seems like everything Ive ever done, has been turned around to me doing the wrong thing.  I asked him if he wanted to come with me on a trip with work, he would love to. Since Ive gotten alot of shit for it because he felt like I didnt want him there. (Im a photographer, I have to take photos, he knows that. I told him that). He yells at me for not involving him in my life. He has met my family. Im the only one ftom my class he invites my partner, when we have gone out to bars and parties (now its lockdown so I dont see anyone).   It doesnt take much to make him this angry and I think he might have rejection sensitivity. When he woke me 5 minutes before he was leaving and asked me if I wanted to come to this thing, I told him it upsets me that he havent heard me, when Ive asked him to ask me in good time, because I want to be able to take a shower and put on clothes. This resulted with him flipping out and rolling around in the hallway, instead of just going himself.  He knows I have a depression right now, it started some months ago. I started medical treatment, its slowly working. Ive told him the way I deal with it, is to be kind to myself, by not talking down to myself about staying in bed and being less social, and to slowly get ready again. This fits well with lockdown, I dont have any school or work. He says he fully supports that, but then in his rants he tells me I have no passion, Im lazy and Im doing it on purpose. He has dealt with a depression before we met. I would never say something like that to him. It makes me very angry that he feels like thats okay.  After his rants he says he doesnt mean it, and he loves me for who I am, and that I havent done anything wrong.  But that doesnt make it go away for me, and he's made it impossible to trust his words . My selfworth has gone down alot. His words about me, are worse than my depression thoughts. It takes alot of convincing to get myself back on a more positive selfloving track.  He used to throw things and destroy things but he is trying to controle that.   I told him today that I feel like its psycological violence, with these many-hours sessions of yelling at me. I am also embarrased that the neighbours can hear it, as he is yelling some extreme things.  He got upset and left, because he said he felt like he was going to say mean things again.   I dont really know what to do. I dont feel safe with him. I feel like Im walking a minefield. I dont think he is a cold or mean person, because he is also very warm and loving- but these rants are getting to me, and its become clear to me that I cant seperate it anymore, and that I have been taking it in, letting it effect my selfworth. I am worried his selfhatred has rubbed off on me, and I have become depressed by it.
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;I'm only starting to realize now, over 2 years in, that my adhd partner is emotional unavailable and that it isn't my fault.;;;Today I asked him if he would consider moving with me to my city. We live in his now, for the second time.  (Its two different countries, but the cities boarders up to eachother). They are about an hour and a half with train from eachother so its not the biggest move. He mentioned he could get a company car, which means it would take him about 30-40 minutes.  He keeps saying he wont move until we are in a better place, but we arent happy here and we might never be.   He likes to play computer, (alot). I feel lonely here. He wants me to be more independent. If we lived in my city, I'd be able to go out and fuel up with chatting and emotional support that he has a hard time with, and I would be less resentful of how he chooses he manage his time.   But its like it doesnt occur to him that he needs to compromise somehow. He only thinks about what he wants. And even though he wants us to be happy, he cant think big picture, and realize that if he shows that he willingly can prioritize my happiness, then I will be happier, and I'd have more energy to clean up after him and compromise in the ways I already am emotionally and sexually.   Can I explain this to him in way that makes him understand that this relationship isnt only about what he feels like?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;I feel like Im begging to be loved how love should feel like and I know I can find it elsewhere but I love him, and want it from him.;;;Its extremely hard for me to accept that I cant change him. Im still in love with the beginning, and the idea of what we could be. He became home and family to me. I have cptsd and my home and family was a place of anxiety. So is he. I never really knew anything.
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;What just happend?;;;Ive being done okay doing this whole virus thing but today I had a panicattack. He sat with me for awhile and comforted me, gave me a drink but then he just left to play computer. I was still having a panic attack, and shortly after began to hyperventilate. He came back in maybe 10 minutes after and sat with me again to comfort me. I was upset that he had left me at all to go play computer when I was clearly having a really hard time, but I wasnt mad and just glad he was back, to sit next to me. I told him about how I was feeling. He seemed annoyed with me so I asked him if he thought I was being dramatic, because that is something he has called me alot in the past if Ive gotten emotional. He told me he thought I was being a little bit dramatic.   I really hoped he would just be empathic about what I was going through in that moment.  I told him it made me sad that he said I was being a little dramatic because I really needed him to validate my feelings. He then said that I was the one who said I was dramatic. Then continued to say he didnt mean dramatic, he meant i was overreacting.  Then it got very confusing, and he kept saying that I was the one who called myself that, which I know I didnt do. Instead of hearing how that upset me, he became defensive as he does and continued to say I was the one who said it about myself, which doesnt even make sense. I know its not because he heard me wrong.   He has been gaslighting me before, and in that moment (i was still having a panic attack) it felt like he was trying to do that again. I told him to stop it, and went to the other room to call my mom instead that quickly calmed me down and validated my feelings of being afraid which was really all I needed.  Now he has closed himself into the bedroom which he does when he wants me to apologize because he is "very angry with me for what Ive said and he has done nothing wrong" etc, .. and I still just need a boyfriend who is empathic.
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;Adhd or narcissism - wondering/rant;;;I find that in my life Ive met two versions of adhd diagnosed people. Those who are highly empathetic, constant worries and more on the anxious side. And then those who are apathetic, avoidant and selfish.   Is the last version just all dicks who happens to have adhd or is it possible that personality disorders and adhd are being mixed up? So many of the stories I read here belongs in the narcissisticabuse sub, and I really find it concerning that so many partners are being emotionally, sometimes other ways, abused in the name of "they have adhd, they cant possible help it".  Ive heard endless stories of awful adhd relationships  now, but no where does it say that having adhd makes you act like a narcissist, and Ive met people with adhd who certainly arent like that. So whats going on? Do you think adhd is being diagnosed too rapidly? I also find that many adhd diagnosed dont get checked for co-existing conditions/disorders that they seem to have.
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;I(f28) moved out from my adhd ex (m29) a month, now I am dealing with alot of guilt from letting it go;;;My ex had adhd he had only got diagnosed within the last year, I made him go to the doctor. He also had narcissistic tendencies (he would deny), but somehow I feel those two overlap. My ex had rejection sensitivity, was avoidant, had angerissues. He never hit me but he has clenched his fist many times and pushed me, once off the bed.  He would stonewall me, for days or weeks. Either ignore me completely or talk down to me in a codecending voice. He would bully (though he was bullied in school) and gaslight me alot alot. And he was rude around other people (spoiled kid at home). He sexually assaulted me twice in a row, and shamed me for being sad. He said "I dont have time for your feelings, I need to go to work, you wouldnt understand".  I am a freelance photographer now, I live from it on my own. He always said he was supportive but at the same time he would tell me it wasnt a real job. When i brought him to a party at the filmschool he was rude and offstandish, and ruined my night. When I dared to tell him to stop being rude he told me many mean things and ended up flipping me off. He was/is abusive in many ways and Im effected by it. In the time I was with him he made me feel like less than human and completely unlovable. He kept breaking up everytime he didnt get his way and was using ultimatums, threats and punish/reward to control my abandonment issues.  Finally I got help, that helped me to leave him. And for the first time in a really long time I felt happy and lovable again. I loved myself again, and I was proud. Then he got a catatonic depression he said. That he dont even play computer anymore (which he loved more than me). I dont know if he is lying, he used to lie all the time.   I feel he is my responsibility. I feel like he will always be this kind of person if I dont help him change.  But he treats me like a secondary thing  Im always beneath him. I want to be allowed to be angry for the things he put me through.   I know its dumb, but can someone tell me its okay that I let him go on his own now.
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;Anyone with an avoidant adhd partner who can help?;;;Me (f28) and partner (m29) are in the absolute end of the rope. It seems like we both want to give it the last shot. If that doesnt work, I will have to accept its over and that its for the best.   Gradually over the years my mistrust has grown (he lies about small stuff often and has about big stuff too). Its been his coping tool always, for not getting in trouble, but we all know it only creates trouble. With time my resentment have grown too. Ive felt like it has gotten emotional abusive, with the constant hyperfocus for some days, then back to treating me like Im a future.  He doesnt naturally share about his everyday life or much about his past. I tell him about my friends and family, hopes and dreams, fears and longings but his form of sharing is telling me what he got for lunch. He doesnt tell me who he is hanging out with. He often has new almost best friends out of the blue, Ive never heard about before. Sometimes its been females. He have lied about them being in the apartment and stuff like that - but are firm in that he never have cheated.  Ive moved on everytime but it all still sits with me because he never gave me a completely honest explanation. There are still weird holes in his stories from when he broke up with me for 4 months, and I know he then told me lies that doesnt match up with his current ones.  Im still trying to stay in the position of that maybe he makes such a mess of all his small lies that it ends up looking really really shady.   Now that we are giving it the last shot I need him to want to be honest about his feelings. I need him to tell me things about his life like I share with him.  He has told me that because Ive reacted with anger or apathy in the past to something he has shared, he is now even more so afraid to do so. Which is something Im willing to change immediatly as we give it this last go at it, I want to see if it helps. But i also need him to understand why its okay to not only have joyful feelings about what he tells me, and that its okay that i get hurt or worried.   Im not interested in feeling like this therapist or mother anymore. Trying to make him share feels like that - and we all need someone to guide us sometimes but in the long run it doesnt work, because he cant do the same for me, and then I end up feeling taken forgranted and resentful again.  I wish we could sit down and put all the cards on the table, from our whole relationship and get it out of the way, so we can start fresh. But we have tried that before and it didnt work. He was supposed to write it down to make it easier but keeps forgetting. Its been 3 months now.   I cant force him. I cant in anyway push because then he completely closes down and go nonverbal. I can sit for hours and hug him, but that doesnt work either, he always tells me he are then too tired so we'll do it tomorrow.  Its been over 2 years now. Patience cant keep being the only thing I can do.This is it for me.  What can I do to help him open up, in a way where I dont disrespect myself in the process?
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;Dating someone with severe adhd - is it worth it?;;;My exboyfriend of 2 years had severe, and untreated adhd, (some meds the last year, that made him scary apathic, and at worst escalated with him sexually assaulting me) and from that Ive seen how bad it can get (Well knowing it doesnt have to for everyone). It started with always being hours late, forgetting appointments, white lies but escalated into emotional abuse over the years, to the point that Im not quite sure he has functioning empathy and have too much narcissism in him. I know this is something I dont want again.  So, Ive been talking some with a new person I met. I can already tell we could become romantic involved - but he has severe adhd too and Im scared. All the small cute adhd things he does now, I worry will escalate into hell. Im especially terrified of rejection sensitivity. Im at the very beginning and can still go another way.   So my question is, if you could go back to rhe beginning of your adhd partner, would you have stopped yourself, now knowing what you know now? Or was it worth it.
b4677976efbf677c4de66826c1a4f92443bedbfd09e1b0fc3ad32349fc289dcb;;;Is it unfair for me to ask my boyfriend for an open/poly relationship?;;;We have been monogamous but we have broken up alot. I feel like i identified my toxic behaviour by breaking up often, but he is still going strong 3 years in. Its about every other week that he leaves me. He does so whenever I get upset. He did so again about a week again and as always regretted it and want to work through it.  Problem is that he doesnt know how to have an emotionally honest mature conversation, and I for the first time havent had any energy left to do it for us again. I really love and adore him. He is a goof and I consider him family. But Im not having my needs met. After years of expressing them (and i really dont think rhey are too much) i either want to move on or figure out another way.   What i miss is conversations. It might sound stupid but i miss real conversation, where i can give and get things in return. I miss someone who wants to fuck me, not someone who only wants it when im asleep or if i have to hit on him. I miss someone who cares about my health and someone who can be honest with me.   I miss going out without it feeling like i have to carry the conversation. I miss someone who plans something in the future with me.  I cant imagine my life without him but soon i will have too. We have tried so many times and NOTHING has changed.   I think i could be as careless as he wants me to be, if i at the same time can have that emotional connection with someone else who like all that stuff.
