b4a13fe733fadc5ccfdfce5a233f17edec9c676bd22a0168188d0f242eaea087;;;How to keep being that shiny new toy to our partner?;;;In a 2 year LDR with a 44yr old ADHD man. We see each other every other week, talk on the phone 1-2x a week, text daily. We’ve had some serious ups and downs because I’m only just now, as of this week, thanks to this community, starting to understand how his brain works. I couldn’t understand how he would be so ‘into’ me when we’re together but feel as if I didn’t exist when we’re apart. I took every action (or, inaction) very personally, and it tore me apart every time I felt dismissed or invalidated. I have my own set of issues (MDD, GAD, PTSD from childhood trauma), so every time I was ignored/forgotten about/request for change rejected, it felt like little tiny deaths and a reinforcement of all the times I was rejected as a child. So first and foremost, I want to thank this community for all the sharing because it’s really helping me to start to change my perspective and try to be more understanding/tolerant of how his mind is working. I’ve ordered some of the recommended books on the topic and am eagerly awaiting their arrival.  Now, looking for some advice on how we NT partners can be the shiny object throughout the relationship instead of just at the beginning. I know that on some level, the distance works to our advantage-when we get together, things are amazing (which, besides him being a great person overall, is why I’ve hung on this long, because believe me, almost every week I have wanted to run fast and far). It’s because of the ‘out of sight, out of mind’ factor that we have had sooo many issues, and clearly, that’s our situation the majority of the time. I’m not a huge phone talker (on the phone for work all the time, everyone has their limit), and things are often misconstrued via text, which is another challenge. So, with the long periods between visits, his inability to keep me in the forefront of mind, my love language being words/touch/time which he isn’t capable of supporting very well, we’ve had some serious (and I mean serious) battles. So how does one stay that shiny new toy so some of the needs are being met, especially from afar?
