b52558df350a4d5002a77475f7f12668bca81b1683f23308edcdd0ba83a42877;;;I (DX, 20F) want to be a better partner (19F) but I’m not sure how to do it.;;;So I’m going to be really honest here and try and say all the things that I want to improve on. I have a partner who I love dearly and we’ve been together for almost a year. We live together and overall I’d say our relationship is amazing. She’s the highlight of my day, every day. I want to improve on the division of work because even though she doesn’t say it, I know it’s not a fair divide and I want to change that.   So right now she does a lot of chores. She’s cooks breakfast and dinner everyday and I’d say, 7/10 times, she does all the dishes. I clean the house (vaccum, mop, and disinfecting stuff) usually once a week (I try to do it when she’s out so it’s a nice surprise when she come back). I make our bed every morning while she cooks and if the dishes aren’t done, after I make the bed, I do that.   I really want to be able to cook for her sometimes but the problem is, by the time we have dinner, I’m mid adderall crash and super grumpy and I just want to sit down and play games. If I cook in the morning then it just becomes the she makes the bed so it’s not like she’s getting a break if I do it that way :/   I’m insanely bad at doing laundry, like I’ll put it off for two weeks and when I finally do it I’ll do one load and then forget about it the dryer so it just sits there for days. That makes her feel like she needs to do it but that’s not my intention. I just genuinely forget.  Last thing is I have a big problem with video games. Video games are how I destress. I think this really bothers my gf so I try and limit how much I play when it’s our time to hang out. The problem arises when we watch tv. I can’t for the life of me, sit and watch a show without doing something else so she feels like I don’t want to hang out with her but that’s not the case. I just genuinely cannot focus on the tv without being on my phone or doing something else.   That was a lot but in summary: I need advice on how to better divide chores, how to actually do laundry in a timely manner, and how to watch a show without having to do something else.   Sorry for the long post, I just really need some help and I’d really appreciate the advice :)!
b52558df350a4d5002a77475f7f12668bca81b1683f23308edcdd0ba83a42877;;;Just my thoughts and advice as someone with ADHD;;;As someone with ADHD who really tries to minimize the impact my condition has on my partner, I find this sub disheartening at times. I know it’s probably a place where you guys just vent sometimes but I personally think if you wouldn’t say it to your partners face, you shouldn’t say it behind their back.   A lot of the discussions here are great and super informative but I’ve seen a handful that were honestly, just mean. The other day someone posted about how they wish they could have a of week *vacation* where they had ADHD and didn’t have to do anything because they could just blame it on the ADHD. That’s not how it works. Honestly even a week with it wouldn’t show you anything because it’s really the life time of being told you’re lazy, stupid, and just aren’t trying that messes you up.   All I’m trying to say is, please remember that your partner is *trying*. It can be (and often is) hard to see that from the outside looking in but it’s true. No one wants to be like this, if there was something we could do to fix it, we would. Meds help but they make you feel like shit and they suppress the parts of yourself that are the most you and that’s hard. Taking medication is like subliminally telling yourself everyday that you as a person, are not good enough and you need a pill for people to tolerate you. That really sucks. So even though it might seem like an easy fix to you, for some of us, it’s really hard to take our meds. It’s not our partners jobs to fix us or even really help us. All we want is your support and understanding.   I don’t think any of you are bad people. I can see some of you are just frustrated and that’s totally okay and understandable. I just wanted to give you guys a differing perspective. I didn’t mean this in a rude way, I just want to help you guys understand a little bit more.   Keep on living your truth and I hope you, and your partners thrive! :)
