b5671160148b34e4a7830d79baf12092c26c098f61d5f14e70040f9b2b2cddb6;;;How do I deal with."no, you!" tantrums?;;;Hi friends,   Im on mobile, sorry in advance for any weird formatting. Also, I hope this is the right place to talk about and seek advice on a strange adhd behavior.  I hope you can help me understand a very strange and frustrating behavior. I cant make heads nor tails of it, and its creating quite a roadblock. I (wife, no adhd diagnosis) been married for many years to a man (adhd-pi diagnosis) for close to 20 years. Its usually quite good.   However, lately when I confront him about something, or ask him to modify a behavior, he denies that hes engaging in that behavior and then, in the next breath, tells me that I need to stop it. Hes never done whatever I was talking about, Im projecting, and Im blaming him for my problems and its so deeply unfair and cruel to him and so on.  For example: "Husband, I would like for you to lower your voice"  Husband, yelling: "I DONT NEED TO LOWER MY VOICE IM NOT YELLING YOURE YELLING YOU LOWER YOUR VOICE"  I actually wasnt yelling at all. I recorded myself just to make sure.   This happens over nearly everything, from forgetting to throw a box away to lowering a voice to requests not to interrupt to requests to listen and a million other basic things. An apology? I'll ask him for an apology because he hurt my feelings. That gets ignored and then he rants and raves for hours over how I need to apologize to him. Sometimes I do, just to shut him up, but I dont mean it and Im really starting to resent him every time he opens his mouth. As a result of the "no, YOU", Im pretty reluctant to speak to him at all unless its about basic small talk topics.  The listening one is bonkers. Ill ask him to listen to me because I have something to say and I would like his attention, and he will insist, loudly, that he wants me to listen to him. Ive called his bluff and agreed to listen, and he didnt have anything he wanted to say! Once I was done "listening" to him, he walked away because the conversation was, in his mind, done. He was the one that was needing to be listened to and he was. Me needing to say something completely didnt register.  Its infuriating because theres no path forward in this that I can see. Hes like a parrot, and everything I try to have a serious conversation about just gets thrown back at me. Nothing is taken to heart or even considered for a moment.  What is this nonsense? What can be done about it? Is there anyway I can manage to not tear my hair out in frustration? Any and all thoughts welcomed, as I am completely baffled by this, ans Im losing patience really quickly with him.
