b56a26089e8186b18deb234c9073e9fe881361b7683634381bba3a14e9083cb9;;;Hoping for a vent and some validation;;;Hi folks-  My partner is 37 and is just NOW admitting and realizing they have adhd.   Good things first: they have over the years come up with elaborate ways to stay organized when it comes to bills, appointments etc. I’d say only getting to work on time is very hard for them. They also have the blessing of being hyper focused on housework as a way of feeling in control of the chaos they constantly feel in their mind. So it’s usually them nagging at ME about some trivial task I didn’t do related to their hyper vigilance on cleanliness. They also are incredibly loving when they aren’t feeling overwhelmed.   Now the less than good: constant brain fog, to the point that I used to think they had a disability (they are unable to do simple math, read, or follow simple instructions when it hits) can’t handle shopping or choices at all, volatility of emotion and the super exhausting thing where if we have an argument, and even if they are in the “wrong”, I have to care and comfort THEM for like two days after.   Their lack of paying attention is the hardest part.  I am the constant finder of every lost thing of theirs, constant translator of social cues, and social functions fill me with dread because they have NO filter and trying to explain to them WHY what they said was awful gets turned into me “picking at them”. Same at home when they say mindlessly rude things to me- I am the one who has to apologize, for taking offense!  Family heirlooms broken, projects done badly, many many left jobs because they are miserable and I have to hear about it every damn day. Yet when they ask to hear about my life they act like I talk too much and get bored quickly, so I’ve just stopped trying, which leads to arguments about why I don’t share things.  So they just now are making dr appointments and reading books on ADHD. But I’m at this angry resentful breaking point because it has gone on undiagnosed for so long. And so I’m super snappy, no longer am able to just “let things go”, and it’s really hurting our otherwise truly beautiful relationship. They don’t have many friends because they have trouble communicating, and I feel like I’m their only support. And I don’t have anyone to talk to about how unsupported I feel with the particular quirks of an unmedicated (for now) ADHD partner.   I guess I need to know that it will improve with medical care. I can hang on if I know it might.
b56a26089e8186b18deb234c9073e9fe881361b7683634381bba3a14e9083cb9;;;Does your ADD partner think no one hears them yet chronically interrupts?;;;Quick Q- I’m constantly having to hear my still untreated ADD partner rant about this after most social engagements, and it’s making me feel crazy. They say that they can never get a word in edgewise, that “everyone we know just wants to hear themselves talk”. Yet what I observe is that they don’t actually listen to anyone and jump in and interrupt constantly. And when they try to tell a story it goes on way too long, with no clear arc, and unnecessary sidetracks. Folks glaze over. For the record, we have great, highly emotional intelligent folks in our sphere. I don’t think they are overtaking the conversation.  I just avoid social situations with my partner now, and with COVID-19 it’s been easier to do. But when I take a risk and have one or two folks over I have to hear afterwards how victimized my partner feels over being unheard, and of course i walk on eggshells worried they are going to say something rude or thoughtless.   Anyone else have this issue? I hate how isolated and avoidant I am of being social now. It’s leading to depression, and yeah- I could go do stuff alone, and I do. But that feels even more depressing when I want a PARTNER in this life.
