b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;ADD partner will not commit to a date once a month due to stress over failing.;;;Is this an ADD thing or just a trash boyfriend thing because I really lean more and more towards trash boyfriend every day.   We are both very nearly 29. He has untreated ADD with no therapy since his HS years. He has no real issue getting up on time to get to work, be at an interview, meet up with an acquaintance. etc.  He goes to bed near 9AM every day and sleeps until 5-6PM if he has no plans for himself. If we have had plans together he consistently sleeps through the entire day and rages if someone makes any attempts to wake him.   We have awful communication and are trying to work on that with ridiculous sounding activities. One of those was more dedicated quality time. He made the suggestion himself and then immediately said it just needs to happen unplanned on his own or he'll sleep through it and make me mad.  I asked for him to try and change his perspective to view me as something as important to him as keeping his job or getting his homework submitted on time. One single day per month I asked him to see me as important enough to be there for.  He said no he cannot/ will not.  This is half just a rant and have making sure I am not being completely insensitive.   Our relationship is essentially over already but I really try and stay objective in situations. This doesn't seem like a life struggle for someone with ADD at all but more of a "I only do what I want to do so you just have to live with that". If anyone thinks I'm completely wrong for thinking that. please share your view.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Our emotional dysregulation plays off each other in the absolute worst ways;;;We are both 29 and we both have ADD but symptoms present themselves differently in each of us. We've been dating for 3 years and living together for 1 and a half.   I feel like we waited way to long to start couples therapy and expect to grow as a happy couple but I'd love to imagine it's still possible.   I have had "overemotional" tendencies my entire life (didn't know until this past year that it was at least in part due to ADD) but have never turned to self harm until I started dating my boyfriend.   I have begun having rage attacks since we became a couple which often turn into me punching, choking, or otherwise hurting myself so that I do not hurt anyone else or anything around me. It gives me anxiety just typing it out.   Over the past couple years I have really been trying to figure out the cause of this as well as ways I can make it stop. There seems to be a pretty strong connection between my rage attacks and my boyfriends own emotional dysregulation.   If the words coming out of my mouth are not a 100% pleasant or fun topic, I will be faced with annoyance, blame, or avoidance. I feel like I've tried every approach to navigate this but it constantly ends in me being forced to internalize my feelings or problems and keep a smile on my face.   A lot of the time, I can only use my learned techniques for so long before I default to another rage attack. I have been practicing keeping a calm tone but loose my cool after being told repeatedly that I am still to blame because I wasn't happy sounding enough while expressing my upset or I am to blame because I brought up  being disappointed at all.  I always feel extreme guilt and shame afterwards and am apologetic and try to do things to make it better. I never hear an apology or acknowledgement from my boyfriend that he does anything wrong or might possibly play a role in what leads me to such a terrifying emotional state.  I just hate that I am left feeling like I am the *only* problem here when I know I am not. I do not behave this way around anyone else and have never acted this way around previous partners who were capable of discussing serious or unpleasant topics.   I feel so empty and drained and like an impossibly unlovable sociopath thanks to all this paired with our roommate/his BFF calling me that many times behind my back.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Suggestions for strategies that hold us accountable for working on relationship (and ourselves);;;I'm trying really hard to avoid the negative headspace I constantly find myself stuck in while knowing that something's got to change. (And by the end of this I've still ended up in a negative headspace and have said 5 times what I wanted to. TLDR at the bottom).   We both have ADHD and are both just about 30. Imm on meds and he is not. We have frequent arguments about the same few big topics though they come out in many different small ways (we'll argue about dishes and then laundry and then cooking but they all relate to my feelings of a lack of support in life for example).   I keep hearing that he wants to do better and that I deserve it and that he'll come up with ways to improve that go beyond "I will just do better" and we are right back at the start by the end of the week. There are endless details but really I just want to know what I can do to hold him and myself accountable for actually working on our issues in measurable ways.  Since the last time we had a serious and grueling conversation about all of this, he wrote down in his phone what we agreed to do in the coming week. We were each going to choose one thing we want to improve upon, reflect upon it, and have a measurable way for us both to track it's progress and/or success.  In that week I came up with a handful of small ideas that could help in major ways like having one dedicated date night per week where we set our phones and social media aside for at least a few hours and do something with each other. I also create a list of every chore in the house and divided them up before presenting it to him in the hope of collaborating on the final division of tasks. In addition to this I thought up a silly idea to start hiding a random nicknack in the house perhaps with a clue for the other to find and then hide themselves.   These strategies were supposed to be presented on Tuesday evening which is the time we decided *he* would approach *me* to sit and talk about any thoughts or feelings that may have been growing over the past week. This was the solution we decided upon instead of therapy because he refuses and I have very little comfortability bringing anything up to him (even saying can we talk later gets a defensive, aggressive, or annoyed response). He set a weekly alarm in his phone to remember to come to me for this weekly sot down.   Well in a two month period he came to me to start these talk on the very first week only and we either do not have them or I being it up and he is surprised and annoyed. So Tuesday came and went and he again is not pulling his weight on things we agree upon. I ask about what he chose to reflect on and come up with a strategy for only to find out that he did not. I show him my chores list and he has nothing to discuss or collaborate over. I ask what the best way to make the list easy for him to keep up with and he offers no insights and says do it however I want that he'll "just do them".   Last night was a good night and I had things to discuss with him about some goals for our Saturday related mostly to chores. I asked when he'd be free to talk and he gave a vague response and started to sound avoidant assuming that I was trying to "start an argument". I assured him it was a fairly quick logistical thing to set us up for a productive and happy weekend. He never came to me to have the talk and, since it had slipped my mind when I shifted gears to make dinner, never really happened.   He did make me two drinks, the second of which was stronger than I anticipated and I felt drunker than I would have liked after having both. Even in that I distinctly remember asking if we could be up and ready early the next day so I could go over what we never got to go over the this evening before I promptly passed out. Morning comes and I am dehydrated and a little annoyed that I didn't get to discuss anything last night after doing all the "correct" steps.   I sweetly ask if he wants me to make him an espresso to help wake him up and he says no because he wants to sleep. I know a weekend left up to him means sleeping in til the late afternoon so I politely but firmly remind him that even while drunk I asked to make up the talk that *he* failed to follow up last night, this morning and that I didn't want these tasks to take up the entire day because of a late start. I tried to reset my brain and give him a kiss on the cheek but he turned away from me and said that's a weird thing to do when I'm "mad" at him. I told him I'm not mad I just do not want the start of tue weekend to be another awful one full of fighting and getting nothing done.   I leave for the restroom and return teary eyed because the rejected kiss on top of seeing how much weight I've gain since the start of all this Covid crap was setting my day up for failure. I lay back down in bed and try to slide up against him to spoon as he immediately turns his back to me. I ask if we can spoon for a bit (so I can reset my brain and calmly go about my morning knowing it's not at all how I wanted it to go but still trying to salvage a good day) and he just refuses.    He is now pissed at me because I'm speaking to him while he's trying to sleep (which is *exactly* what I was thinking about when I tried talking to him the night before because I think about actions and reactions and how things historically play out between us that I wanted to avoid!). He loudly drones over me "STOOOOPPPP STOOOOPPPP STOOOPPPP" because we're now officially back to our typical angry teenager, angry mother dynamic. It's 1:36PM he's still sleeping and mot a single thing will get done unless I once again do it all alone while he lives the exact life he wants of hanging out playing games with friends online and scrolling through the internet chatting with strangers all day long.   This is just every day and we can't even get to the point where are both *trying* to improve. I feel like I keep putting so much energy and effort into resolving our issues but that I am the inly one who is trying or caring. He is doing some small things reactively after a major argument but I *reaaallllyyyy* need that effort being put in *without* the massive days long fights and moodiness. I want to give him credit for what he *does* do but it's near impossible for me to recognize thanks to my own ADHD and natural inclination to live in my own head (I'm trying out a *STRATEGY* of recording all the small things I notice he does for me each day to try and avoid taking them for granted. See an ATTEMPT to work on something in a measurable way to avoid future misunderstandings).   This post, as all of mine, have fallen into this rambling ranty mess so I'll reiterate that I am desperately seeking a way to show in a real world tangible way what efforts are being out into making our relationship better to prompt actual change. Discussing it does nothing. Ignoring it does awful things. Reminding him does nothing and then does awful things. Coming up with things on my own only builds resentment and then does awful things. Letting him realize things on his own does nothing.  I need something real and physical and visible and most importantly something that will give me absolutely positively no question on who is actually trying to make this work and most importantly *how*.  TLDR: What are things you have done in your relationships to make sure you and your partner are reflecting on yourselves  and the relationship, coming up with ideas and strategies to improve both, and following through with those strategies? I don't mean the individual strategies that make up the progress, I mean an idea to ensure that the work around developing and implementing different strategies will actually happen. I hope that makes sense.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;"I don't need to focus today";;;My BF(29M) and I(29F) both had ADD. He was diagnosed as a child and aside from a short period of time using Adderall in high school, has never used medication. He admits that he was probably taking too high of a dosage back then and hated how it made him feel like a robot. I was just diagnosed 3 months ago and have been taking Adderall daily since my diagnosis.   After discussing my near debilitating irritability each night when my meds would start to wear off, my doctor bumped my dosage up from 2 10mg pills a day to the option of 2.5/3 pills a day. I did not want to make my come-and-go insomnia any worse so I opted for a half pill in the evening.   This left me with about 15 unused pills for the month as the cannot give half pills. I asked my BF if he'd like the extra pills I would not be using for himself and he said he would. Please do not judge us as I know this potentially an ethical gray area.   On Christmas Day we were headed to his mothers house and I noticed him watching me take my first pill of the day. I had just refilled the script and asked him if he took all the ones I'd given him. He said he had used them all and was taking a half of one every day to get through work. I asked if he would like a half of one at that moment. He said no because he "didn't have anything he needed to focus on today".   I was fine with that in the moment and went on having a perfectly lovely day. As time goes on though, his response is really bothering me a lot. I hate the underlying sentiment, that his family, his friends, everyone and everything in his life that are not his 9-5 job are not worthy of focusing on. That we are not important enough to pay attention too.   It's really making me more upset the more I think about it. Maybe it's because Adderall has helped me with social issues I've had more than anything else, I don't see how he cannot find the value in being able to focus on your personal life as much as your professional one.   With the sentiment of me not being important enough to focus on in my head, I shamefully regressed to a version of myself I haven't really seen since going on medication upon waking up this morning.   Without going into details, there are a couple problems we have had from the start of our relationship that haven't really improved despite *m-a-n-y* discussions, fights, heart-to-hearts, etc. This morning, it was a fight after little sleep and early mornings for us both.   Part of this issue is that he really struggles to "speak his truth". (EG: He donated an air filter to his mother because he was incapable of simply telling her he brought it over for the day, not forever).   The other part seems to revolve around his views on the importance of his personal life. It's like he knows when he is messing up and it upsets him but he doesn't see it as worthy of taking steps to improve in the same way he does with work.   Don't get me wrong, he is generally wonderful and has improved tremendously over the years in the way of listening and keeping up with day to day tasks and important events. But these couple of topics that haven't improved can really negatively impact our relationship at times.   I love him dearly but find myself consistently dissatisfied with these couple areas in our relationship. I am ashamed with myself for how I acted this morning but I also no I get that worked up at odd moments because I am *so damn tired* of having this same cycling issue that never gets better in the slightest.   I know he cares. I know he cares a lot. I have no idea how to instill it in his head that this issue is important to resolve for our relationship to be life long. I have said all this too him in a variety of ways and it still isn't clicking. He is so sweet overall that I can't even stay upset with him for long which doesn't help get the severity of the situation across.  I just don't know what to do about this.   TLDR: ADD BF takes Adderall (given from my own prescription) for work but does not see his personal life as equally important to focus on. It's making me see some ongoing issues we have in a new light and upsetting me that he he'd rather keep on forgetting all our talks than take us as seriously as his work.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;IDK how I can possibly stay sane throughout these next 4.5 months;;;I want my boyfriend out of my life. I can't deal with all his untreated ADHD bullshit anymore. I have spent nearly every spare moment of my life for the past 3 years trying absolutely everything to make this relationship work and he has provided me nothing in return.   In 3 years I haven't gotten a single sincere apology, not a single sincere thank you, not a single strategy presented by him on how to make *anything* better. I feel like a fucking shell of myself.   It feels like he understands me as well as a someone I met 10 minutes ago would with zero interest in learning beyond that.   I literally feel that I am just filling the the "girlfriend slot" in his life but could put any woman at all in my place. As long as they let him "do what he wants when he wants", "loves him for him", and can drop every ounce of respect they have for themselves he'd be happy with them.  I have gone back on every single boundary I've ever made in this relationship because he flat out refuses to budge an inch on anything.   I don't remember what being loved feels like. The best I've gotten is the cute things a crush would do when they are trying to peruse you...surface level niceties.   I hear from people quite often of how relaxed and easy going a person I am. Well my BF pushes me to such a heightened state of frustration and exhaustion and despair that I started self harming when we'd fight because I felt like I was trying to work through problems with an angry brick wall. He cared about that...for a little while.    The only reason I have called out of work in the past two years is because of anxiety and depression that I've always had but only rises to intense levels due to situations involving him.   Our roommate is trying to move out early because she doesn't want to be in this toxic house any more than we do. She has gone from a friend of mine and a best friend of his to an enemy who doesn't even look us in the eyes. This falling out is due in large part to my BF because his contradictory people pleaser lies indirectly caught up with him.  We have 4.5 months left of our lease to ride out. If/when this roommate leaves we will have to absorb her rent but it's better than breaking the lease and moving in elsewhere.  We already have a vacation half planned to California a month from now. Naturally I have gotten no assistance on planning this but he has still already paid for half the trip and I cannot afford to last minute end up going on vacation alone...again.   I am so devastated that I loved this person enough to start dealing with my own issues because I felt like he deserved the best and he opened my eyes to my areas of improvement. He is the reason I ended up being diagnosed with ADHD myself. I am not important enough for him to open his though. It was always one sided.   I am desperate to start dating just to fucking feel anything again but I don't think I could handle seeing him date too while we're in the same house and going cross country together soon.   My ex was in town and we met up recently. I ended up breaking down in front of him. I do not want to date him ever again and we didn't work out for a number of reasons but I never doubted how much that man loved me.   He always made me feel that I was worth all the treasure in the world. I had forgotten that was even something someone could feel.   I hate my BF for allowing me to spend my life trying everything under the sun to deal with his rampant ADHD knowing that he wouldn't put an ounce of effort into any of it himself. I don't hate the forgetfulness, I hate his view that it's not something to improve. I don't hate the sudden defensiveness, I hate being told it's an appropriate response and never hearing an apology or seeing a hint of remorse in him.  I didn't fall out of love with a man with ADHD I fell out of love with an asshole who is intentionally remaining in a state of emotionally stuntedness because it's easier to date a new girl every couple years and say "if they can't love me for me then they don't belong in my  life" than it is for him to face himself.   I am a rambling mess and have no idea how I can survive any of this.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Is this an ADHD symptom or?;;;Or is my boyfriend really just the asshole he keeps telling me he is?   I've posted on here a few times about concerns I had around his symptoms causing complications in our relationship that were met with comments on how it wasn't an issue of ADD, but an issue of a poor partner.  Because of this I am never sure anymore what's in my head and what's not, what I should be understanding of and what I should not tolerate. Any insight would be much appreciated.   He has a way of always phrasing things as demands. Even when his tone is pleasant, he makes demands of everyone around him. Making a demand is the fastest way to get me to *not* do something you'd like me to do. I often do it anyway to keep the peace.   It has been brought up in varying degrees of patience/anger and the conclusion seems to always be that he has a lot going on and that he will try to. Idk what try means to him but I have yet to see it happen.   Most recently you can literally see in a matter of 6 text messages that I mentioned making demands of each other is an unwise way to go about talking to each other to him making a demand to start prep for the meal we are about to cook together when he gets home.   If he *asked* I would have gladly done so. I did it anyways because I am so sick of my refusal causing him to have a negative attitude (possible way he shows guilt or shame?)   He is unmedicated because he doesn't like meds and hasn't gone to therapy since HS a decade ago because he doesn't like that either if that makes a difference.    Possible relevant info but not necessary to read:  He had a not great upbringing that gave him MANY awful coping mechanisms. I'm more than willing to stick it out with him while he works past this, especially since the same can be said of myself. I just never know when enough is enough.  We are trying to work on many communications issues at once between both of us. I worry about striking a balance of effort that keeps him from becoming too overwhelmed but also produces real life results. I fear that doing too little will end our relationship before we even get a real chance to change our behaviors.   It all feels much much worse when I am PMSing but even so, having constant fights one week of every month isn't working too well for wither of us as you can imagine.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;No sexual satisfaction for me.;;;I was basically humping the mattress behind him, saying that he should "wake me up" when he leaves his computer &amp; comes to bed for some fun he promised me after leaving me hanging a couple days ago.  He finished playing his video games at 4AM...  I was no longer interested in anything but sleep at 4AM.   I got myself 2/3rds of the way to an orgasm in the shower this morning but thought my BF might *maybe* want to follow through with the promise he made me that he'd give my body attention the day after he took my body without giving anything in return.   Apparently him laying on top of my body like dead weight is supposed to be a turn on. I was in the middle of a few tasks and (also having ADHD myself) did not want to abruptly stop so he could return the favor as I was quite focused on my task at hand. I hugged him and told him to come back to me later.  He has a weekly report due every Monday morning. At around 7PM I attempted to ensure he'd focus on his work so he could be freed up to spend time with me that night.   Instead, he slacked off and fucked away the time until it's midnight and I'm getting yelled at and told to shut the fuck up about anything at all let alone sex related stuff because he is busy and I'm getting in the way of his important work.   My ex moved back to the area recently and I swear I want no romantic involvement with this person again but he sure as hell made me feel loved when we were together and I feel so so lacking in that area these days.  He could do just about anything for me but it still just feels unfulfilling in a way I struggle to explain. He had been very good to me in regards to an awful living situation we are currently stuck in but the living situation was caused in large part by the dreadful unmedicated management of his symptoms.   I really just feel like I will never possibly have the security and validation I need in a partnership met and it's extremely distressing to consider right now.   I'm not even sure what I want or expect from this, I just know I needed to get it out.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;A frustrating situation really hurt my feelings and brought up past pain.;;;My boyfriend(29M) and I(29F) have been together about 2.5 years, living together just about one year. While it wasn't bad every day, we had a *lot* of issues adjusting to our lives under one roof. It got to the point where we were just about broken up about a month and half ago.  IDK what happened but I guess a flip switched in his head and he showed a *huge* improvement with most everything we were struggling with. I too started a lot of new healthy habits and have made vast improvements.  Things have actually been really great but I believe the stress of him waiting to see if he got a new job he *really* wants in addition to him falling behind and struggling to understand some of his online school work got the best of him and created a situation that really hurt my feelings.   The short version is that he told me in an annoyed voice in the midst of sex that I take too long to orgasm.   The long version is that I have had serious issues around sex my whole life for a lot of reasons though I have improved exponentially this past 6 months or so of my life. He has mentioned to me in conversation over the years how he doesn't really care about foreplay and wish we could just skip it. This is also not the first time he has mentioned that he thinks I take too long.   As you can imagine these words have stuck with me and absolutely make the issue worse. He clearly does enjoy foreplay a lot of the times and really tries to finish with me or after me nearly every time. It is clear that he cares about my pleasure but just doesn't want to put the time into caring *every* time.   I also know 100% that I take just as long as any other woman to climax (between 5-35 minutes or so depending on the specific situation) but I can't get it out of my head that I'm a bother to him now even when it's generally not true.   There was a few days in a row where I knew he wanted sex but it just didn't happen. Sometimes I'm very tired and would prefer to wait so I can be a more enthusiastic participant than a lazy sleepy one. Finally there was a day that he had his job interview, he felt great, I thought he looked great in his interview clothes and couldn't wait to het home from work to show him how proud I was of him.   It was late at night by the time I was freed up to give him the sex I felt he deserved and I was *very ready* to have some fun myself. I approached him at his computer with a plan in my head but he mentioned having a headache.  I adjusted my plan in the moment to let him lie down while I did all the work for once. This is rare because he's in better shape than me and I get nervous about being in control with him but I've been working out a lot and feeling really strong and great.   He seemed to be having a great time of it and after a while I was trying to find a position where I could most easily get off and then make that headache of his vanish.   Seemingly out of the blue he seemed annoyed and started mentioning how we had no lube or condoms (we had both). I casually mentioned that we had them but then he went off about how he didn't like the brands we had. We've used these a bunch of times before so I didn't understand. Then he goes off about how ye hates just using spit and that it's gross even though he doesn't usually have a problem with it.  Then, while I'm literally still on top of him, confused and out of the moment, he very irritably says I'm taking too long and he just wants to get off already. I don't always need to get off but it had been a while for me and I was really into it up to that point and felt so awful like he didn't enjoy any of what I just did for him.    I got off him and ended up crying in the bathroom for a long time and he just fell asleep. It's still bothering me a few days later even though he apologized and blamed it in his head ache. I'm trying to be understanding but it's really hard for me considering the situation as a whole.  I'm really just here to vent and I suppose get some support. I know he doesn't mean to hurt my feelings but these words are slowly starting to give me long lasting anxiety about my sexual performance and inability to just magically orgasm everywhere without any foreplay like some super fake porn.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;How can I help him?;;;You'd think I would know some things after 2.5 years with someone. Fights and frustrations have been becoming more frequent once again. Problems in the bedroom are on the rise once again. Things we had really resolved in the past like, making the bed each morning and not leaving clothes on the floor being forgotten again.   Sometimes it's hard to tell if it's actually phases or just always this way but I think (hope) it is indeed rough patches and not a bad relationship.  After another long, exhausting talk that felt like it went nowhere I asked him to elaborate on one thing he mentioned earlier on in the evening before leaving the room. He mentioned just feeling very bad all around lately.   I had a couple ideas as to why. I am easy to forget his struggles because he tries so hard to hide them and I can be very oblivious and forgetful to other people's hardships if it's not frequently made clear and obvious.   He opened up about a number of reasons why. He is:   struggling with his school work,   recently realized he most likely did not get a job he interviewed for (again),   is struggling to find the issue in a friends computer though he prides himself in being the go to tech problem solver,   doesn't know how to best deal with pest and insect issues in our garden,   is unsure of how to help some indoor plants that have been struggling,   called out of work today because he let his sleep get so off track and he was sad about our fighting,   feels like he needs to do xyz to make me feel better,  and hasn't been enjoying his leisure activity (albeit more of a mild addiction) of playing video games.   I feel awful that I have any part in his feeling so down and know he gets very defensive about people helping him. I want to take some of this off his plate but I'm not sure what I can do, especially because we are having some difficulty getting through a day without an argument this week.   I want to be gentler but would also like to do more. I garden with him but also don't know how to help the outdoor plants and get told not to handle his indoor plants even if I know what to do. Beyond that I don't know how to just be good support or help him get a handle on all these things. Any ideas?
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Away on a business trip;;;My boyfriend of nearly two years is away for the week on a business trip. I am trying to deal with anticipated feelings that are arising a few days into the week. I had planned on this happening but it doesn't make the feelings go away!   Basically he is busy living his life and because I am not in his physical space, he has half forgotten about me. We spoke for a bit (mainly the night he arrived) but it all felt very administrative since we had some logistical things to discuss.  Since I tagged along on a nearly identical trip he had back in March, I know that he is working very hard, long hours. Because of this, I have been respecting his space and trying not to disturb or distract him while he works. What has happened instead is that he is talking to his friends throughout the day but not me.   I know it's not really a big deal but I am just desperately wishing he could understand how people like reminders that they are on a loved ones mind. I'm sure if I reached out he would reply when he could but that's reactionary, not reaching out because he wanted to.   We ended up having a small argument over text because I had mentioned that his pet looked a bit ill and I was not sure what he wanted me to do. I didn't mean to overwhelm him but he got upset with me saying that he wanted to just be home and that he was stressing about too much even before I piled more on.   Unlike past relationships, this is also the first time I've been away from him for more than a couple days since we met so it's been a bit hard in that regard as well.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Need to Vent;;;I am most likely unnecessarily worked up about this tight now so I'm going to vent to the internet instead of cause problems at home.  My ADD boyfriend came down with a bad cold. While still living my life I checked in on him from time to time, was especially sweet even if he was being moody, made him tea and brought him food in bed, etc.   I started to come down with the same cold but a milder version. I still did things for him despite myself starting to fall ill.   He is now more or less fine meanwhile I have gotten much worse. The day I felt tue worst I got called into work early. I am a part time worker in the off season so taking off isn't an option and I need any additional hours I can get so I showed up despite being super unwell.  I come home from work and my BF I'd already asleep because he sleeps the most sporadic hours all the time. I got to bed as soon as I get home and he ends up waking up about an hour later and spending the night doing whatever.   I wake up at 6AM in a pool of freezing cold sweat and am just sleepy sick grumpy about it so I mention how we need to change the sheets soon and go to the bathroom. I also wake up to a text from my BF to me and our roommate asking who ate some of his cereal (no one did and he admitted he wasn't sure in the first place).   I grab a drink and sit down next to my BF who's watching something on TV. I say one three or four word sentence (I forget what but it was neutral &amp; most likely something like "Burr I'm so cold" because of being sock).   He looks at me and says "no one touch my cereal", turns the TV off &amp; throws the remote on the couch yelling about something about how he is fucking watching TV"  I just looked at him and said "what is this supposed to be your alone time?" Because that is fine with me but some kindness and empathy would go a LONG way here. He just mumbles something incoherent in response looking pissy and skulking.   I glare at him because he keeps telling me I need to work on my "crazy" and not be so emotionally reactive to stimuli. I say something along the lines of "all fucking right then", pick up my drink and go back to our cold wet bed.   A few hours later I am in and out of sleep and hear him getting ready for work. He doesn't say good bye of kiss my head or anything when that's something we pretty much both do most days.   Mind you when I had sat with him at the TV I hadn't actually seen him in 24 hours aside from sleep. I had left for an event by the time he came home. When I come home he is lying in bed. Says hi. I say hi and go downstairs. He asks where the sheets are, I tell him, he changes the sheets and goes to bed.  Now it will be upwards of 50 something hours of next to no communication with someone I live with and share a bed with. The inly talk we have had in the time was him being absurdly mean to me after I went out of my way for days to care for him.  I'm still sick and he's just shrugging it off like it's not his problem so who cares.   This is on top of him saying we will do something some other time because we were both sick on Valentines day. At this point I know "some day" means never OR I bring it up so often he treats it like a chore.   I also requested he pick up on dish duty as I had kept up with it for days in a row. He said alright but didn't touch it it for days, dishes built up a lot, he did half of them today because I kept bringing it up (couldn't cook without cleaning dishes at this point) but seems to think that the rest is for me to deal with even though I clearly told him I would start up once EVERYTHING was cleaned and away.    I'm mot even putting a TLDR because I really am just hear to get this out. I feel like I'm working overtime to make sure I am cutting out my bad behaviors while he just gets to keep doing the same insensitive things to me.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Back again to get things off my chest because this is the only space I can safely do so. I can't even react "normally" to basic behaviors anymore.;;;I spent half my day today just being mad at my partner and the other half being sad that I felt mad about such a thing.   About a week ago I was looking at apparel on Bernie's Campaign site because I was interested in buying on and donating to the campaign. My BF sat next to me, saw me looking, and ended up trying to buy us both a shirt. It was late at night and apparently the store was "closed" so we couldn't complete the order. It quickly left my mind and I found myself silently wondering yesterday if we actually order the shirts or not.  I got my answer today when my BF texts me from work to say he got himself a shirt. He was scared they would sell out so he just went for it he said.  Now I get that this isn't a big deal and under normal circumstances I'd have just ordered one for myself and maybe one for him too (as was my original plan anyways) but our relationship is far from normal and far from happy or healthy.   All I could focus on was how he took an idea that was originally my own, did not consider me or my wants, and proceeded to immediately boast about it to me. So he couldn't comprehend that I would maybe possibly still want the thing that was agin, my idea, but immediately thinks of me after the fact.   Knowing that if I attempted to express mild upset by this I'd be told that it's not a big deal and I'm overreacting due to a shirt purchase. He os only capable of seeing the superficial issue, never the underlying problems I've been trying desperately to work on for the past 3 years.   Don't worry about trying to give advice. I have tried quite literally every piece of advice I have found across the entire internet and it won't work because for it to work, you need tao people who see the problems *and* want to work on them with real life strategies. Only one of the two of us has been able to express areas of opportunity and only one of the two of us has had any desire to do something about it.  I wish I was numb to it at this point because I no longer have any drive or desire to make things better. I'm just biding my time. It still hurts me every time it happens though.  I also have ADD so I know the extreme amount of work it takes to improve the most simple behaviors but that also means I know what is possible. I forgot my meds today (something he won't try again) so I've for sure been especially on edge but my exhaustion and disappointment for our relationship is past repair from my vantage point.   And that blows because he is exceptionally lovely when you don't need to rely on him in any of the ways a person might need or want to rely on their partner.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;He will not acknowledge his ADD;;;The short version:  Have any of you dealt with dating someone who knows they have ADD but will not go on meds or get therapy for it? Additionally they actively say they try to pretend like it doesn't exist at all.  I feel like that's really unhealthy for him individually and for our relationship.    The long version:  Just this morning he forgot to set an alarm and woke up late for work. Despite this he was on his phone in bed so I quickly show him a meme I was just looking at. He yells at me about showing him and gets up, then yells at me later for not being ankle to find a belt I had worn last.   I have all the empathy in the world and can easily move forward from these types of situations if he can grow the ability to calm his tone and apologize to me, preferably with a hug or hair stroke as we both respond best to physical touch. I do the same for him when the tables are turned and it allows us to move forward in the day argument free.   We cannot even work on that issue because he says I should just get over it since it wasn't actually about me. When my anxiety has gotten the best of me in the mornings though he has sat me down and told me I need to figure out how to not take it out on him and stay calm (which I have been getting better at though progress is slow).   So what he's telling me is that I have to figure out how to stay calm as to not upset him but I also have to learn how to stay clam and learn how to not let *his* upset upset me too. Sounds like a big fat double standard to me.   And I cannot address these issues because he is completely blind or unwilling to accept where these issues of forgetfulness or angry spurts have anything at all to do with ADD. To him it's just him being an asshole. But assholes can easily learn to change behavior quickly or guess what, they get dumped.   I do not want to hold his progress to the standards of a neurotypical person but he continually backs me into a corner of doing just that. This relationship aside he is setting himself up to fail time and time again in life because he isn't addressing anything well and it breaks my heart every day.   We are both 28 and I feel he is far too old to be in such denial about the cards life has dealt him. I could go on forever with the stress I take on trying to navigate his symptoms while keeping our lives running semi smoothly when nothing is getting constructively addressed or dealt with.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Feeling like I cannot be the perfect partner I need to be;;;A general discussion TLDR is at the bottom.   I have a lot of personal issues to sort through right now. These issues are things I've always had but they've gotten much worse over the past year and half. I believe a currently undiagnosed physical ailment is the cause of this heavy increase in negative symptoms.   I am working towards getting tests done to get to the bottom of this issue and seeing a therapist just to cover all my bases. Due to my currently unstable emotional state and financial limitations, getting this help has been slow moving.   I am trying my hardest to self help myself. I am trying to cut out some of my anxieties by forcing myself out of my comfort bubble. I am trying to stay positive even when positivity isn't being shown to me. I don't feel that I am doing a very good job overall but I still try and stay positive and remember the little moments of success I do have over the times I fail.   I cannot stop thinking about how I am starting to feel that I cannot possibly get well myself while being with my partner because his untreated ADD directly plays into the issues I am trying to work on. I hate thinking about it because there is so much I love about him but I am hurting us both more each day by not being able to keep myself in perfect check.   I have barely been able to be there for myself these past few months let alone be there for him. He has been making leaps and bounds in some areas of his life and I am so proud of him for that and try to make it known that I see him. I naturally do not get the same recognition. I do not need it to recognize my success but it is a remind that he, most likely, doesn't notice my efforts at all.   I have been having 1-3 panic attacks a day for over a month now and it's become so draining.   Until I can really make leaps and bounds with my personal situation, I struggle greatly with life going "off-script" which is obviously a major issue paired with ADD. I have EXTREME sensitivity to words or perceived slights; again extremely difficult to work on when he says and does so much that can easily be perceived as intentionally unkind. There are many instances of these types of spiraling situations.   Basically the ways someone could support me in my personal journey are all things he is flat out incapable of providing. It is making all my symptoms worse and I take that out in him, making his symptoms worse in an awful cycle.   I fear that I have already said too many terribly hurtful things to him during my "see red" panic mode freak outs for him to possibly still love me. I feel like if he does still love me it's inly because he thinks he is so awful that he deserves someone who is no good to him. I am scared that we will be over before I get the help I need. I fear him not being able to see much of his role in any of this will just cause continual issues throughout life (he says he doesn't need therapy or anything because he is fine and I need to get my crazy together).    TLDR: Is it possible to be with someone who has ADD if I myself cannot be a perfectly adjusted human being? Has anyone here successfully gone through serious personal journey's without ruining their relationship with their ADD partner, especially if said partner is untreated/in denial about the extent of their symptoms?   I really feel that both of us are lacking the proper support we need to give and get from each other to be our best selves.
b5a157efcc1635fd5bcfb920437397470d90d702bec714646f9d6cdaca846293;;;Vent/Guilt Post;;;I am feeling guilty about letting my anxiety get the better of me and treating my boyfriend badly for things I know are a huge struggle for him. I just need to get it out so here it is.  Last year was our first Christmas I ended up spending 2/3rds of the day alone waiting for my boyfriend to wake up and travel back home from his family's house because of a lack of communication about plans. I was very upset then and wanted to avoid a similar situation this year.   About a month before Christmas this year I started casually asking what the plans would be. I have anxiety and plans changing last minute is a huge trigger for me so I try and avoid it as much as possible even though I know things just happen sometimes and I have to learn to roll with it. I would asking him in person and over text the who's, what's, where's, and when's.   Finally about a week before Christmas I thought I had got the proper info. We would be going to his father's side of the family and then from there to his mothers side where we sleep over into Christmas Day. This is what he did last year so it made sense to me.   Since my parents are visiting my brother across tue country, I made arrangements for my sister to visit us on the 23rd so she wasn't completely alone this holiday. This was not an ideal day for either of us to see each other for various reasons but we made it work since it was our only option to see each other.   While she was visiting I find out that we will not be seeing his mother's side of the family at all and that we would only be spending Christmas Eve with his father's side before going home same night. I got pretty worked up about and couldn't let it go in front of my sister even though he clearly felt bad about not being able to communicate these plans to me "properly".   I was upset because if I had known, my sister could have visited on actual Christmas Day which would have saved her money and us both time. I have met his fathers side of the family a few times but his mothers side only once. Considering he grew up day to day with his mothers side I was really looking forward to spending tome together with them and taking part in their cute little Christmas festivities I had heard about.   His closest sister is pregnant and I missed the baby shower completely because I found out about it the night before and I generally feel that I am missing all these chances to connect with them because I'm never in the know due to my boyfriend not seeing any of it as things worth telling me about until it's too late.   After I calmed down some and my sister left I felt really guilty about being so upset over the miscommunication of plans. I thought I had finally figured out a way to work around this struggle but clearly I have not. He does not have any good ideas on how we can avoid this in the future and neither do I.  It can be very frustrating when I have to be vigilantly in check with my own mental "quirks" so that I do not make him feel awful about his own. I have come to terms, as I always do, with the plan change but I still feel bad for not being more understanding in the moment.   TLDR: My Boyfriends struggles to communicate future plans triggers my anxiety about last minute changes in plans. After my anxious panic subsides, I feel guilty for being upset with him over stuff that are a serious hardship for him. It is usually embarrassing for us both.
