b6b06a264c16e36ac054f75a358d122b6952c8830f8ebd8d91da1fd05071b4cc;;;DX partner has been “shut down” all day?;;;Has anyone experienced something like this? My SO (diagnosed, medicated ADHD) usually doesn’t take her meds on the weekends and it’s usually fine. She gets extra hyper but it’s usually an upbeat, happy sort of manic that I am ok working with. But last night, after I fell asleep, she apparently stayed up till after 4am happily doing some chores (mostly laundry and tidying up) until finally crashing at around 4:30am. I slept through al of this. She didn’t wake up today until around 1pm, which is actually pretty normal for her (she works long and stressful hours during the week so I’m used to letting her get as much sleep as she can on the weekend). But this afternoon and evening she has been obviously depressed (undiagnosed, I’m just using this as an adjective): barely talking, not smiling, going out to run errands without me. That last one is weird because she hates driving and always asks me to take her and I’m happy for the time together. She knows I don’t mind driving her around. Idk she’s just being really quiet and detached and when I try to ask how I can help or even offer to do a specific thing she responds negatively and minimally. It’s sending my anxiety haywire and I’m doing everything I can to remind myself that she isn’t mad AT me.  Oof. Sorry for the rant it’s just been a weird day and y’all are a great community and I love you all. Thanks for reading.
b6b06a264c16e36ac054f75a358d122b6952c8830f8ebd8d91da1fd05071b4cc;;;“I can’t” vs “it’s hard for me”;;;I (M29) am getting pretty tired of my partner’s (F25 DX) attitude that she just “can’t” do things because of her ADHD. That mindset seems self-defeating. How can you ever grow or improve if you simply “can’t”? Maybe I am just being a naive little neurotypical, but I believe in the brain’s plasticity and ability to change.  My issue is really that whenever I try to talk to my partner about something she is struggling with in an attempt to find some way to help manage or strategize, she deflects and avoids. Just today we were talking about getting up in the morning and how she “will just go back to sleep” if I don’t turn on enough lights. Her language and tone are just so 100% positive that she will fail at getting herself up. I just wish she could shift her tone more towards, “ADHD makes it harder for me to do some things”. I worry that her ADHD diagnosis has given her an excuse to stop trying. As if she has reasoned that, “Oh I guess I have no control since ADHD is behind the wheel and I’m just along for the ride.”  Am I silly for wanting her to fight for herself more?
b6b06a264c16e36ac054f75a358d122b6952c8830f8ebd8d91da1fd05071b4cc;;;How to deal with feeling ignored?;;;My partner (25 F) and I (28 M) have been living together (with 2 other roommates) for about 4 years now. There have been no major issues or drama; we are all in our mid- to late-twenties. She works a rewarding , yet stressful job as a civil engineer and for the past year she has been working on a particularly stressful project that results in many late nights at the office. I work a much more relaxed 9-5 type job that still leaves me with plenty (probably too much) free time. My partner was diagnosed ADHD a few months back and has been responding well to Adderall. I love this woman very much and I do know that she loves me, but that doesn't mean we don't have problems.  That was just backstory. Here's the real issue. Oftentimes when we do spend time together I feel like my presence is taken for granted. I know that 'hyperfocus' is a common thing for people with ADHD and it is something that she certainly experiences (recently she procrastinated an art gift for a friend until the night before and ended up staying up allllll night working on it). But even in other moments when she isn't necessarily "working on something" I feel ignored. It's mostly small stuff but after a while it has really accumulated a lot of emotional baggage in my head and I'm here looking for some relief and support.   My brain is really good at paying low-level attention to many different things. When we are out together, part of my attention is always keeping track of her. Not to control her or judge her or anything, but just because if I lose track of her then my brain starts inventing all sorts of horrible hypotheticals. Hell, even just sitting here typing this out I can imagine terrible things happening to her at her office job and I have to fight the urge to check on her. I know those fears are irrational and I work to bring myself back to reality. It also doesn't help that I suffer from lots of negative thoughts and insecurities about myself. All of this leads me to seek frequent validation from her to soothe my swirling mind and remind me that everything is, in fact, ok. But that's my own problem and I have some decent coping mechanisms for handling my personal brand of crazy. I want to be clear that I am not accusing her of actively ignoring me. I do not believe there is any malicious intent. It seems more likely to me that she is simply thinking about other things sometimes and I need to get over it.   Have you experienced anything similar in your relationships? How have you dealt with these feelings? What kind of language can I use to talk about this without sounding like I trying to guilt her into paying more attention to me?
