bac0898c1ee1035c29438aeb6dca45211477dd389b0b87fd9188f538fa3fe247;;;Apps similar to Love Nudge?;;;I read about Love Nudge on an ADHD article am am interested in similar apps. For those not familiar with Love Nudge, it's basically a nice reminder app that tells partners that their significant other is feeling empty or need attention in a certain aspect of their relationship.   I've tried installing and using Love Nudge multiple times but it gets stuck on the tutorial screen. I emailed the Love Nudge contacts but don't have high hopes for a worthwhile response.  I get that my partner's focus on me when we started the relationship isn't ever going to happen again--- I just want to see if there are any other apps out there that remind him that I exist and that he should maybe pay attention to his spouse.
bac0898c1ee1035c29438aeb6dca45211477dd389b0b87fd9188f538fa3fe247;;;Husband's (dx) ADHD quirks trigger my PTSD / anxiety. Help me explain my "erratic behaviour" to him.;;;TLDR: In the past I've found great info-graphics and succinct articles (4 ~ 6 paragraphs) on why survivors of abuse behave or cope in ways that can be hard to understand (example: flinching at certain words), but now that I'm specifically looking for that sort of material, I can't find any. Any help finding easy to digest materiel for my husband so that he can better understand my reaction to triggers would be much appreciated.     ------------- -------------- ------------   My husband and I have been working through some issues and it's apparent that he doesn't understand the depth in which past trauma has altered my behaviors and reactions to stimuli. He sees "over the top reactions" to simple things as a sign of bipolar disorder or mismanagement of my (diagnosed) depression and anxiety.    He has was diagnosed with ADHD shortly into our marriage has struggled to see the full impact of ADHD on both his own life and on our marriage. Since his diagnosis, continuous treatment and recognizing the severity of his ADHD have been a constant point of contention.    It is unfortunate that many of his behaviours that are caused by ADHD are extremely triggering for me.   One example is suddenly shouting, either from joy, surprise, or other stimuli. To someone without trauma, this would likely register as a strange yet benign quirk, but to me it's extremely jarring and can be even terrifying.  "Yes, I see that the man didn't use his turn signal, but he's several blocks away and the turn didn't affect us or anyone else on the street. I know that the stimuli and ADHD caused you to shout, but getting upset at me for flinching, and then being in a sour mood while I collect myself is not a helpful reaction."   Another example is how the ADHD causes instability. Remembering to do tasks, even after promising to do them, is very difficult to him. This would be frustrating, but manageable, if I didn't have abandonment and gaslight based trauma. The lack of stability, even though it's outside of his control and not being done maliciously on his part, is very difficult to handle even though I logically understand the underlying causes.  "I know that when you didn't show up at my work event, it wasn't you forgetting on purpose or avoiding me, but this was a very important event and being left alone gives me flashbacks to times when my abusers would abandon me. I know you're mad at yourself for forgetting, but your anger and frustration are even further triggering and now I'm terrified of receiving abuse for showing any sort of distress over being left hanging."   I've tried having these conversations with him in person, but short articles and info-graphics on understanding survivor mentality will sink in much more effectively, and be less triggering for me as I won't be forced to relive trauma with every explanation.  Any leads would be much appreciated!
