bd4f8138ef7b5888cd98adc03c3462e0adbf34f009948e833706e2a2bdab0c87;;;Early bird and night owl;;;TLDR**:** My husband (DX) is up all night and I'm up all day, looking after our baby. How do I get him on our schedule to he can get stuff done, help out more, and maybe I can get some time to myself?  So my husband (DX) is a night owl, which I guess is pretty common with ADHD. The earliest he goes to bed is 1 a.m. but sometimes it is as late as 4 a.m. meaning the earliest he gets out of bed is like 10 a.m. (unfortunately almost always with my prodding) but sometimes it's after noon. And that's only after he's spent a solid hour laying awake in bed farting around on his phone.  We have a 9-month-old baby, who I am nursing, so I am up with her every morning no later than 6:30 a.m. She goes to bed at 7 p.m. meaning we sometimes have half of our day in before he's even out of bed.   My husband and I are currently both off work (I'm on maternity leave and he's been laid off due to Covid). His plan for his unemployment was to get caught up on renovations, as we have a ton of stuff around the house that needs doing/finishing and he's hella handy. While he's doing that, I'm happy to take the bulk of the baby care and other household duties.  But... with his sleeping so much during the day it's just not happening. I'm putting in so many more hours looking after the little one and doing housework than he is on all the stuff that needs doing that only he can do. He'll get a few hours of work in during the afternoon and sometimes a few in the evening but realistically there's not much he's getting done when the baby is in bed.  I'm just starting to get so angry/annoyed about the lack of progress and about the fact that most of my waking hours are spent keeping the baby alive and happy and the house clean and running while he has this abundance of quiet time to himself every night. He's expressed at times that he wants to get up earlier and at the beginning of his layoff he was doing just that so it is possible. Lately though, he seems to have zero desire to get on his family's schedule.   Is there anything I can do that might help us better align our schedules and more evenly contribute to all that needs doing?
