be195cb234b3c536dc72282989b0e182cbdc39bc589a6e3839b8570d89e1be67;;;My boyfriend has ADHD, what can I do to help / support him?;;;So, first off...I have dyslexia I’m fairly certain I have borderline personality disorder (BPD), when I was younger my parents were convinced that I have ADHD but I was a difficult child and I didn’t not want to get an assessment so..here I am   I am having therapy each week, and it is really helping me. I’m in the process of getting a diagnoses of BPD, which i think I have.   BPD causes my mood to change and fluctuate very quickly, I get angry very easily and this is the main thing that is putting strain on our relationship, my boyfriend is the best, most understanding compassionate person ever when it comes to my emotions and life experiences and I am completely in love with him, but he is the main source of my anger if I am honest..  My boyfriend is 23 (I am 26) he was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 18 and is not on any medication for it, he finds day to day life difficult which is ok, but I want to try and understand and help him.   He is very forgetful, he struggled to learn in school and was bullied both physically, emotionally and mentally and still finds learning very hard.   Because of his childhood he has extreme anxiety and I have been battling with him for over 8 months to attend some therapy, which thankfully (for him, not me) he is doing now, he doesn’t have therapy sessions very frequently but it is better than none.   Thing is..he refuses to do things that might help him such as reading, wether that be reading a book, leaning a new skill (even if he is passionate about it) an article or anything really, he doesn’t have the drive to stick at something until he finds it easier, he just admits defeat, gives up and wallows in self pitty and wonders why he is so bored and down all the time.  I myself find it hard to learn, but not trying means you will never learn things..so I just try and learn not matter what it takes. Yes I know it is harder for something who has ADHD but I have dyslexia and I have my own struggles, and have found ways to help me overcome things I find difficult.  He spends all of his spare time on his phone, on social media etc which I have tried to tell him that will not help but he doesn’t ever have any motivation or want to do anything else.  He has hobbies that he use to partake in when he was younger but nowadays he is so lazy and doesn’t really do anything with his time apart from work and go on his phone.   Work is very exhausting for him and he cannot work 5 days a week as it is too hard on his mental health and he says that his ADHD causes him to get in trouble at work (not remembering to do things, talking over people, getting distracted easily, not finished tasks, being too depressed)  Nobody is perfect and we argue from time to time, something happened and it seemed as if he was going to attend work when somebody was positive for COVID-19 and it made me really panic and I am high risk, so I need to be extremely careful, when he told me this person was positive he didn’t tell me he was going to stay home from work and isolate, he didn’t tell me that.   I have my own struggles, and he knows I am high risk.   I panicked, I was terrified, I was stuck I couldn’t think straight and we ended up having an argument   I know he has ADHD but how do I deal with the times when he keeps information from me that will and can help calm me down?   He says he gets brain fog and struggles to remember things and he is clumsy and messy, he says that during a discussion he cannot concentrate, his head gets filled with thoughts and he needs to express them immediately, which results in him speaking over me / butting in frequently which results in me not getting my needs met properly half the time.  He struggles to understand things that the majority of people just know or can understand very easily   I find myself explaining things to him over and over and he seems as if he isn’t listening, or speaks over me or butts in a lot, I understand this is ADHD but what can I do because he asks me to explain something that I thought he would just know already, then when I explain he doesn’t listen and it makes me irritated.  I love him to bits but it is hard for me to excuse these things just because he has ADHD, because it hurts my feelings, I feel unheard the majorly of the time, I’ve spoke to him about this but I respect the fact that he cannot just get rid of his ADHD symptoms and it hurts his feelings to hear that he makes me feel like this.  He cannot plan or organise but he doesn’t try, I don’t see him really putting in any effort to benefit his mental health and/or his ADHD symptoms,  what can I do to help?   I feel as if it’s always me tidying and cleaning and he is so messy no matter how many times I remind him to put things back when he has finished using them or to hang his clothes up or to stop leaving stuff all over the place, he is still unable to do these things.   I understand those thoughts do not come naturally for him but is there anything I can do to help him?
