c187bc5d8f10a4b42b2101a7fc367a4e41c859a7b1ebc002589f494d977c9cf0;;;Any resources for a newbie?;;;Hi all!  My husband and I have been married for almost a year now, and while I've always noticed he had little quirks and he's self-professed many times that he thinks he might have ADHD, it's never been "bad" enough where it's caused major issues.  Some examples of these smaller quirks: Unless he really concentrates, he can't make it through a whole movie or TV show without reading on his phone or multitasking at the same time. He gets easily  frustrated with little things, like not being able to find a remote or losing an online match. He gets REALLY obsessed with hobbies, like sports, video games, etc.  He won't remember anything I ask him to do unless I repeatedly ask him or add it to his calendar. He knows he forgets everything so he *has* to add it to his calendar otherwise it leaves his brain the minute he turns around.  Which brings us to the major issue... I've always felt like his focus was rarely on me. Every spare moment he has, he fills it with something that interests him at the moment. Whether it's reading an article on his phone (he has an RSS feed set up so it's never-ending), watching a video game stream, or watching sports highlights. We've had many repetitive conversations over the years where I've broken down sobbing, feeling like I'm not a priority and he doesn't seem interested at all in what I have to say. I asked him if he knew what shows I was watching, what books I'm reading, or friends that I've talked to. Poor thing had no clue. And these were all things I'd mentioned multiple times over the days and weeks beforehand.  Thing is, he's so goddamn sweet. I know he tries. He's loves me SO MUCH in his own way. He'll set reminders to plan dates for us, he'll do all of the chores he's assigned. If we have a conversation where I ask him to pay more attention to me, he'll try his darndest to do so (for about 2.5 days until habit takes over again...)  I've been feeling so tired and dejected lately. We're trying for a baby, but it feels like I'm alone in it. He's operating on life as usual, focused on his own things, while I'm the one who's dealing with negative pregnancy tests, ovulation tracking, and scheduling sex in because if I don't, he'll forget. He's starting to recognize he has a problem, but we're not making any progress at all.  Sorry this has gotten so long! Are there any resources for someone who's just discovering what ADHD is all about? I purchased a copy of the ADHD Effect on Marriage by Melissa Orlov. I'm wondering if there are any online resources I can read (and potentially send to my husband) in the meantime? Thank you!
