c29604b17724f275880d469a83882020caee5635be01f40c593d20d92fac6bbf;;;Blindsided me with breakup so that he could game–but why does he hate me so much now?;;;Of course, in the beginning he pursued me with intensity and promises of unconditional, undying love. He (24M) was much younger than me (33F) and undiagnosed and so the beginning was also fraught with compulsive lying and gaslighting that led me to several mental breakdowns. Despite all this, I encouraged him to find the root of his issues, and we eventually moved in together after 6 months. It seemed that with medication and his confident vows to become my "rock," we could somehow power through the arguments and his seeming inability to communicate. I still remember the way he used to gaze at me then, adoring and drunk with love.  This month marked a year of living together. We've been arguing more heatedly the last several months, but two weeks ago I witnessed a switch flip in his head almost overnight–if you had told me he swapped bodies with a narcissistic, sociopathic stranger, I would have believed it. It seemed his love for me as a partner, friend, or even *just a fellow human being* entirely vanished. Where it went, instead, was gaming. WoW, to be exact. Apparently it had been a passion of his that he kept hidden for the entirety of our relationship, because very early on, I told him that I hated how distracted he became when he gamed or watched streaming, and would never date a gamer. This was after I walked home twice in blizzards because he forgot he had promised to pick me up from work due to gaming.  So despite going through depression myself, I tried to express interest in WoW. I sat down next to him and asked for him to explain how it worked and... this seemed to be the "approval" he needed for all-day gaming marathons. We compromised then, three hours a day on the weekdays, six on the weekends. He proceeded to switch screens when I entered the room and lie. More fights ensued. He accused me of trying to control his life. Finally, fed up with being treated like my very existence was inconveniencing his gaming habit, I demanded to know if he was acting this way because he had fallen out of love. He denied it at first, but minutes later finally admitted he felt nothing for me anymore and wanted to be single so that he could game and do whatever he wanted. As I cried and held onto his stiff body, he looked on coldly and asked, "We can still be friends... with benefits, though, right? I mean, we both still have needs." Then he was back to gaming, laughing and hooting with his online friends.  I'm devastated and reeling from the heartbreak and his callousness, and need answers I'll most likely never get. *You're the only one I'll ever love, I want to grow old together with you, we were meant to be*–where? Where did it all go? Was I not deserving of some sort of warning, some communication, a chance to improve our issues? Now he treats me worse than he would a stranger–as if he hates my presence, that I'm alive. He's made it abundantly clear that if he could get away from me, he would, but we are locked into a new apartment lease that would ruin us both financially if we lived separately. So I have since made every effort to respect his space, going as low contact as possible. He's on break from school and now games every single waking moment. All else, including taking showers, eating, walking and feeding our dog that he once loved so much, is neglected. The apartment is a pigsty and reeks of dog pee and unwashed human when I return home from work. If I so much as mention that he should refill the dog's water bowl, he'll sigh and, never taking his eyes off the game, deadpans that he'll do it in 5 minutes... but never does.   I believe he's depressed–he used to be a gym rat, now he barely remembers to go once a week and will sleep 12+ hours during the day. I'm grieving and trying to heal from the whiplash, but I still want what's best for him and don't understand why he's trying to be the worst version of himself that he could possibly be. Why does he hate me so much? He says he wants to remain friends, but treats with nothing but contempt and dismissiveness. I'm in counselling for my own depression, work out regularly, and go out with friends, but I feel like if I knew why he hates that I'm even breathing, I can really move on and focus on how to protect myself against more pain. Any insight would be greatly appreciated.
