c493a5a1f450a7a3f4dfff0a080f77c9e4c1b07dd5cd743a8d064e963348fe34;;;22F NDX seeing a 23M DX and we hit a little road bump!;;;Hi everyone! Lurker here since I’m technicallllllly not officially dating the guy but I hope you guys can give me a little insight :) I’m sorry if this comes off as naggy.  So I started seeing a guy that I met through an app at the end of September and it started off great! We have great chemistry and turns out, we have a lot in common. (It's honestly weird how we've just missed each other our whole lives) He’s in college 23M (had to resume it a little bit later as he was diagnosed a few years ago and wanted to get that worked through before coming back to school) and I’m a recent grad 22F. We started seeing each other a lot, probably once or twice a week for the first month or so. And things got really cute! Early on, we both said that we were the types to not see more than one person at a time.   * Due to corona, we went back and forth from each other’s apartments. Movies, dinners, and we started sleeping over at each other’s places  * He’s told his best friend about me and in his words, told her how much he liked me. He also told me I should come back to his home (we live in the same county in our state but different towns) to meet his friends * We’ve seen each other during daylight times and not just night time * Sexual chemistry is great. And cuddling is fun too!  As time went on with his semester of classes, he’s been kind of behind on work (really behind) and just not doing what he needs to be doing.   So because my anxiety makes me a **dang anxious clucking chicken**, I asked him through text if he was seeing other people. He said not really/no and that his ADHD is making him a total mess. He told me that he gets where I’m coming from and that he’s been thinking about it as well but he’s just not in a good place to make any big decisions.   I told him that I wasn’t looking for a decision either as we’re both busy with school/work but that I wanted to see if we were on the same page. Also reiterated the fact that I’m not the type to see multiple people and he said he was going to say the same thing.   I ended it with how I know we’re both busy and that I’m liking the go with the flow but just wanted to know if he was. He then says that he’s divided internally and has a fear of commitment.   Is it a fear of commitment in general? Or to me?    I’m quite an anxious person and while I’m working on this aspect of me, I tend to have my guard up once I’m put into these situations. I know that I would love to be in a relationship with him.   How should I go from here? I’m scared to set myself up for pain.   Let me know if I need to add any more details!
