c56e0a05ac726b68252053627bccc1aa9f087737e356a41f569922dd646ae172;;;Forgetfulness, ADHD, &amp; Recurring Issues;;;How do you as the ADHD partner handle forgetfulness with your spouse? I’m not referring to quotidian things like forgetting to take out the trash but bigger communication issues.  Before my spouse was diagnosed, he could be incredibly emotionally cruel to the point where it’s deeply affected and altered not only my self worth but my goals in life since day to day success became contingent on not having a breakdown over pursuing life goals. He’s improved in some ways but basically when we have any serious discussion, he completely and totally forgets everything we’ve ever been through.  We now have more stasis in our lives but if any problem surfaces, he takes it out on me for being weak and sensitive rather than helping to fix things that he himself broke.  It’s at the point where he is delusional about what’s unfolded between us and I’m put in a position to recount the past even though I would rather not do that and then he uses it as a reason to get angry with me.  It seems like he has genuinely forgot everything that’s ever happened and then he refuses to take my word for it that these feelings are coming from a genuine place that deserve consideration. He really can only comprehend the pain he’s inflicted if my attempt at healthy communication spins way out of hand. First it’s a fight, then I’m crying &amp; begging which annoys him and makes him meaner, until I’m eventually packing a bag. Only then does he seem convinced of the problem and our past. He gets rational and nice and understanding. But then of course this loops all over again in life ad nauseaum.  Has anyone faced this issue with a partner and come through it? Like many people on here have experienced, my partner is erratic with his treatment and were in another iteration of him swearing more therapy will help. I think it will and he finally has more money to spend on therapy, but how much can it really help?  I come here for the community. I feel alone and need help and can’t rely on my partner for it. I’m wondering if there’s anyone here that’s experienced this and come out the other side or this is just something I have to accept or walk on.  The comfort of a relationship is being with somebody that understands you. You touch a stove to learn not to touch it again. It feels like by now, we have enough of a difficult shared history that my partner should know not to touch the stove. But he still touches it and then berates me that it’s hot. I have soft spots that are a direct product of him treating me poorly and he forgets this and just treats me like a burden for having them. It doesn’t seem intentional. It’s a stupid way to live. But is there any hope it will change?
c56e0a05ac726b68252053627bccc1aa9f087737e356a41f569922dd646ae172;;;Are productive conversations possible? How do you return to communication gone terribly awry?;;;Mainly our relationship consists of me being the “This is fine” dog meme in a fiery room until I feel the need to open a conversation about something that feels unlivable. In between all of these conversations, my partner vows he will check in more, communicate more, and altogether take the wheel more about aspects of our relationship that are unsatisfying for me because undoubtedly if I take the initiative to speak with him, he gets annoyed and defensive so therefore he needs to communicate more when he feels he has the patience.  Only he forgets. Totally. And then inevitably I start a conversation over an issue that is totally worth discussing.   Even if it’s been months since our last relationship-centric conversation, my partner still has an extraordinarily finite amount of patience. His finite amount of patience sets me off precisely because I’ve been curating an easygoing environment for months and I feel I deserve attention and it goes south from there.  We had a bunch of fights in the last week and ultimately I set a variety of expectations calmly outside of our arguments : that I either expect my partner to incite conversations when he knows he has patience to have one OR I expect him to postpone conversations I start to a time when he will have empathy and patience. I also said that the primary purpose of these conversations, given that he makes it painfully clear that only I care about their existence &amp; content, is to solve problems, listen to me, and offer reassurance because the burdens of the relationship fall so much on my shoulders and I need to touch base sometimes and feel it’s worth it. He said he understood and agreed with me.  We began talking tonight and he said the exact fucking wrong things. As in things that I’ve specifically asked that he stop saying, in essence “if you feel that way, maybe we shouldn’t be together” and also “I’m doing everything I can so if it’s still not enough, I don’t know what to tell you.” The second comment is deeply infuriating because it took years to get him to see an effective therapist and do a handful of chores so he’s really not doing everything but barely reaching a bare minimum which I’m supposed to respect because it’s hard for him.  These comments are just him being fucking stupid and tactless. He doesn’t actually seem to feel this way and desperately does not want to break up. Which I know because I am still open to doing so after years together and he aggressively resists doing so when it comes up.  I criticized his response and then he gets fucking fiery because he was “trying to help” and he just tries to flip it on me for being under-appreciative. If I say comments like this actually make me want to break up, he tries to use that as proof that communication = bad or gets frustrated and belittles the situation like it’s stupid or I’m being stupid and we could just be happy if I was more zen. But I feel so convinced that these issues are a direct product of ignoring problems and then being nothing but an ass when they’re discussed. And then I get lectured on figuring out what I want or letting negative comments pass through me more or seeing that he’s trying to help, even when it seems like he’s doing everything in his power to make things worse.  I don’t think it’s intentional but obviously it makes me not want to talk to him at all. Which I think he sees as a win, like hooray no talking but I see it as I will find somebody who I can talk to.  I don’t even feel like it’s about being right so much as it’s about being a team. I have always had to carry the team far more and the moments when I start to buckle are the moments I need him to show up, not the time to be the most undeserving martyr of all time. I know that avoiding conversation, then handling eventual conversations poorly and feeling persecuted is the exact formula for ensuring I will want to leave.  Is this normal? Have others had similar experiences?   I don’t even embark on these conversations intending to discuss a break up. I just feel like I could be ten percent happier with a little effort or reassurance and then I leave them feeling like yeah upending my whole life would be easier than continuing to endure this person.  Can somebody offer me advice for the mature next step? We ended on a note of him telling me listening gets him nowhere, me replying that he obviously isn’t listening to me and then him eventually shouting “Enough!” and storming off.  I feel like crying and shouting and being emotional but honestly I just want to return to it and communicate that if he wants to lose this, then that’s fine by me. That communication is just supposed to ensure we stay together.   I cried for a while but now I just feel numb. And I guess I’d like a little guidance on if this is all normal, worth it, and what’s the most mature way to feel or act next. I know feelings don’t have to be mature, but I feel like I’m crumbling and I’d appreciate guidance.  TL; DR: ADHD partner ensures communication is toxic and then refuses future communication because it only ever goes poorly
c56e0a05ac726b68252053627bccc1aa9f087737e356a41f569922dd646ae172;;;How did you know when to walk away?;;;I've seen some posts on here from partners dealing with the aftermath of an ADHD relationship, and I was wondering how to know when it's time to throw in the towel.  I'm not married and I don't have children but I ultimately want them.  I've been in a relationship for six years.  We live together.  My partner can be everything I want but he can also be truly awful. He wants to get better but often just gets more preoccupied with everything else has has going on and forgets which leads to a list of illegitimate reasons for breaking promises.  In the past three years, he's seen two different therapists individually - the first sucked, CBT was a godsend but was not affordable - and consequently we're in couples therapy because it ensures the relationship narrative is two-sided, there's accountability, and the cost is split between us.  The therapist is lovely and I really trust him and he makes excellent, affecting points, but just the week-by-week process is excruciatingly slow and even slower when my ADHD partner falls out of the commitment of going.    It feels like we are more than just compatible, but genuinely a perfect match with so much potential that's continually eviscerated by the ADHD.  I feel like dealing with this and it's effects on my decision-making, self-esteem, personhood, etc. have really made it hard to make such a huge decision, which isn't just breaking up but really severing ties, moving out, starting over completely, etc.  I haven't been able to talk to friends because they are such proponents of walking away without care for the nuances of the disorder and my partner always remains committed and insists we should continue to figure it out together.  I wish I had a friend who fully understood how high the highs are and how truly low the lows are that could provide advice I relate to.  I would appreciate advice from those that stayed, those that walked away, or those that wish they did.
c56e0a05ac726b68252053627bccc1aa9f087737e356a41f569922dd646ae172;;;How do you navigate the past and still move forward?;;;This is something I don't fully understand.  My ADHD partner's therapist gave him advice about not reacting to conversations with the entire weight of the past behind his reaction.  Both in therapy independently and outside of therapy together, we discuss moving forward from a problematic past.  My issue is that so much of our past seems fully and completely unresolved.  At a minimum, I'd like leeway to discuss the recent past.  I think there is a difference between being emotionally fueled by the past and discussing it as a way of moving forward.  My boyfriend seems to promote discussing the exact present, which seems incredibly convenient considering much of our past involves inequity and poor treatment from him.  I do incredibly agree with his therapist that we can't react emotionally with the entire past behind our reaction, but I think my boyfriend applies this to discussing the past as well, which feels wrong.  I personally feel like in order to move forward from the past, we need to be able to discuss it.  Particularly recent events.  A month ago we had a fight that ended with me saying that I tried to talk to him in order to make life better and he only made it worse and I was disappointed in him and then I walked away. That's where it ended.  That's clearly not a healthy, resolved ending.  Rather than reopening the conversation and acknowledging the problem in any fashion or trying to make it right in any way, my boyfriend immediately eternal sunshined everything, which it seems like he always does.  He's brought up the topic of conversation casually in the last month as though the fight never happened.  If it's not on his dashboard, he forgets it ever happened.  If it's brought to his attention, he reacts to it as though it's been annoying him for years, even though he clearly hasn't thought about it for some time while it's bothered me.  In my personal history, some of my family members refuse to let go of the past and it bothers me to no end.  The thing is they bring up stuff that has zero relevance to the present, in that it's not an ongoing issue in any way or the years passed have obviously ameliorated the previous fight in some fashion.  It's weaponized in fights and in my mind, that's toxic.  To bring up a very small, different example, I have a great relationship with my mom but she'll reference me lying as a young child or dieting unhealthily as a teenager and though I don't discuss it with her, it's a source of frustration for me since my other family members only really see me for what I am now.  With this in mind, I understand my partner's frustration but also feel like his forgetfulness and insistence on living in the right now is toxic when so many issues go unresolved and not only that but he often completely fails to learn from past hurt and fights.  TL;DR: How do you balance the past and the present/future?  On the one hand, I personally feel like the past has no place in a relationship.  On the other hand, I think my ADHD partner perpetually fails to learn from the past so it must remain a topic of conversation, which he then holds against me.  I wish we didn't have to talk about this stuff still and it pains me to do so - it's exhausting.  But it feels like "letting go" and not bringing things up would only benefit him and hurt me moving forward.
