c76a43389be1d003f0de934ba0ab4fad79402b48eb417e938b23ab35c42b7556;;;How/Do you help your partner find work when they aren't movtivated?;;;My DX spouse has been out of work since the pandemic. His unemployment plus my income has kept us doing fine, but the unemployment will run out in a month. I've explained to him that in order for us to move to a new city in a year, we have to pay off our debts and it's very hard to do on one income. He hates where we live and normally that would be motivation enough, but apparently it isn't. He does stuff around the house while I work so he's not just sitting around, but it's starting to become clear to me that once the UI runs out, he might be content to keep going the way we have been (if that happens, he's going on a strict fun money budget).  I've offered to look over his resume and proof it for spelling and content errors (which he makes often and doesn't realize it), but he started submitting them without the help. I told him he just needs to take something for the next year, just to get a paycheck coming in, but he's bent on only working remote and says he won't take just any job, he has to love it. I've explained that for one year, we have to do what we have to do, but he's definitely dragging his feet. I have firm boundaries about not finding work FOR him, but aside from gentle asking and checking in, I'm starting to really lose patience.  Those of us with ADHD partners know little things can set them off so I'm trying to be very careful, but I can see us hitting the end of the UI in late January with nothing else coming in and him not really trying very hard. He has an ADHD coach, but he says they don't talk about specific stuff like this, more like how to handle hard situations and how to keep his brain in check. Now though, I really wish she could give him real life tips. I could use any tips or advice you have.
c76a43389be1d003f0de934ba0ab4fad79402b48eb417e938b23ab35c42b7556;;;DX/M partner out of work and not looking, but maybe that's ok?;;;Tl; Dr: My husband is out of work and isn't trying to find any but I'm torn between having him around to deal with the stuff I can't since I'm working, and getting a job so he can bring in a check and have some structure. No kids.  My husband lost his job before lockdown last spring due, likely, to both restructuring and his ADD affecting his work ethic and accomplishment. He was upset and angry, then lockdown happened and he stopped looking. I am successful so we've been able to get by with my income and his unemployment, but his unemployment runs out in February. Trying to find work between now and the end of the year will be hard, which I said months ago, but he hasn't lifted a finger to find new work yet.  I'm starting to feel lately like he's very content to be able to stay home with our dogs, tinkering with hobbies, and not having the stress of a job to deal with. Must be nice, right? I work full time from home so I can tell he's not doing anything to try to find work, even part time. He started taking drafting classes online and I got excited it was for some career advancement, but it turns out it's to improve his hobbies which he thinks will eventually bring in money through online sales. I don't see this happening, especially with his inability to stay on task when he has obligations (like online sales, keeping up with inventory and the website, shipping etc), which he admits is a problem.  Every time I mention that we need another income so we don't have to touch our savings and such, he'll agree that's a good idea but then nothing more comes of it.  I'm torn though. Having him free all day means he can run errands and take care of dogs while I'm busy, and I like having a house husband. However, we plan to move to a new state in about 14 months and we can't do it easily on just one salary. My goal is to pay off all our credit card debt before we move but that can't happen easily or safely with only one income (we use his UI for groceries and bills). I asked him to try to find remote work since he's nervous to go into a public work space, and he said he would but he hasn't. I'm sick of asking and I'm starting to resent being the one up at 8:30 every day tied to my computer while he can barely get through the day without complaining about a headache or being tired, etc.  For those who have worked through unemployment with your (diagnosed, ideally) spouses, what did you do? How did you find work? How much did you have to be involved?
