c7c03adee1e82384b3c26d0d6558d11aa2ce3c3931b22e3c626bde95ddc36442;;;F(19 w/ depression &amp; anxiety) / my SO (21 w/ Adhd);;;So no one has to read this but i genuinely need to get it off my chest. (hi btw i’m new to this subreddit i just joined today because of everything.) so my partner and i are long distance and have been long distance since 2016. I don’t know where to begin.  Basically before him and i got together we used to argue quite a bit as well and like something about the things he does annoyed me but then it got better and we started becoming attracted to each other so we ended up trying a relationship together. We did so well for the first few years and stuff. However recently he got a diagnoses for ADHD and i realized my life long anxiety has caused me to experience depression.   I grew up in a pretty toxic household with gaslighting and with people who always argue and stuff considering my parents. I have a lot of issues on my own with communication and patience and learning to manage my own emotions since i got used to ignoring them  and letting it build up until i explode. I was going to therapy before this pandemic thing happened so i haven’t been able to go since. I feel because of my feelings of uncertainty in this world due to my anxiety, I became emotionally dependent on my partner for stability and to feel comforted when i never feel comforted otherwise. However, since he got diagnosed with ADHD I started to realize the things that annoyed me was not coming from him directly but from the mental illness and i started to feel more alone than ever. Things like being interrupted all the time when i’m talking or being forgetful of things that we talked about a few hours ago or even yesterday. It gets annoying to me as i’ve got a type A personality and I cant understand what it’s like to not forget anything and be able to focus. He is taking medication though and is looking to increase his dosage once this pandemic stuff is over with so he can get an ECG and talk to his doctor. He tries a lot, i just have a lot of impatience and short temper i need to deal with (things i’ve unfortunately gotten from my mother).  Lately i’ve been thinking if it was all worth it, if i wanna do this for the rest of my life. but every time i think about the possibility of breaking up my anxiety spins out of control because i won’t have him emotionally anymore and i don’t wanna live my life without him, so i just don’t know what to do - and i love him. being long distance doesn’t help, but then again we were planning on closing the distance next year once i graduate with my bachelors. i’m just scared because i’m moving to the UK in order to close our distance (i’m from the US) and to get my masters degree there so i can live and work to be with him. I’m just scared to spend all the money to go there and be with him just for our relationship to fail. i only wanna be married once, i don’t wanna go through all this just for it to not work later down the line. i’m feeling really uncertain and scared.  sorry this is long. it’s the best i can do right now. thanks for reading.
