c94c1b83badfdd368386ede3b10e6db0f198836f8247c8ca6d579a499556ab39;;;I don’t know what to do next...I’m stuck;;;TL/DR: Bf is financially dependent on me and I don’t know how to leave.   Pretty nervous to write this post but I am feeling like I don’t know where to turn for advice.  I love my DX/medicated ADHD SO. He is very kind and loving and has been through a lot in his life.    These things being said- I am having a very hard time seeing a future together. I am type A personality, outgoing, love social gatherings and plans! I wanted to be in a different place in my life by this point (own a house, possibly marriage and kids) and it’s hard to feel like I would be if I wasn’t in this relationship.   Guys I’m stuck. Stuck in so many ways. But mainly- I am leaning toward ending the relationship for the sake of my mental and financial stability.  I have been dating my bf (me 29f and him 27m) for 2 years and living together for a little over 1 year.  Right before moving in together I was surprised with a puppy. Yes SURPRISED.  And not super happy about it despite loving dogs soo much - I didn’t want to take on the responsibility and yet here I am now the primary care taker.  He lost his job when we moved in and I have been the sole breadwinner as well (did not and do not want to be at all. I have no choice.)  He’s put me in so much debt it is devastating. He has gotten a few jobs since but has a lot of trouble with time management due to ADHD and was let go from each.    Now unemployed for 4 months and spending 90% of time on video games- we barely speak because he is so so focused on beating this game. I have to take care of everything: bills (his and mine.), groceries, pet care, laundry, cleaning, reminding him when his meds need to be renewed, encouraging and helping with the job search... all while starting a new job (promotion! Yay!)  I have talked to him about all of this a million times and he always says he’s sorry and ensures me he will change. I started therapy for me which has helped.  How can I leave? He has no money, no job, a dog and two cats, no family or support system, and a motorcycle with winter looming. I am afraid of leaving him alone broke with responsibilities because I do care about him.   Please help and sorry for the long sob story!
