ca4c5a1d236a977adf7a7069dda5dbbfab2d08e3f9549a6fe17323773f8efd88;;;I really need help;;;Firstly this is a huge post, thank you if you get through it, I just really, really needed somewhere to vent. I’m sorry if this is jumbled, it’s all just happened. To add some background I’ve (25F) been with my partner (24M) for 7.5 years but it’s only been in the last year or so that we realised he had ADD, and he has been on a waitlist for a couple of months already to see a psych and get an official diagnosis. He had also had severe depression and anxiety for the past 4 years or so. We’ve been together for so long because when he’s in his right mind he’s so wonderful, if I could describe my perfect partner it would be him. However, things aren’t always that way. Also as a side note, I basically have no friends at the moment because I pushed everyone away while trying to deal with all of this.   I’ve spent hours researching ADD, having hours upon hours of conversations about it with him and educating my family on it. I believe I do a good job in trying to be an understanding partner. I have my own mental health issues (depression and anxiety for over 10 years) so it takes a lot for me to be the rock of the relationship sometimes but I do it in good faith, because he tries hard to do the right thing, but he can’t always.  He gets extremely particular about what he does and how things have to be for him to have a good time. He is completely obsessed with the evenings being a ‘good time’ which invariably means smoking weed and listening to music and more often than not lately involves alcohol. I don’t really mind but I am concerned for his health with regards to alcohol addiction. He gets extremely drunk a lot and drinks most nights. I believe this is due to a lack of dopamine and chasing a high, I’m really hoping this will ease off once he’s medicated (?) because it can lead to disaster like tonight...  We were having a nice evening, we had a fire outside, a few drinks and a really lovely meal. The house has been an absolute wreck for months and over the last few weeks I’ve been slowly carving away and today I finally felt like I had gotten somewhere. (I do about 95% of the housework, more if I don’t ask for help). I mean I really scrubbed this house, I’ve been getting less sleep than him. He can’t work on his own because he gets panicked and flustered so I have to basically work for him (he does uber eats and I drive so he doesn’t get overwhelmed, I also do this while working my own job. He went to the doctor to get an exemption from working but the government agency which deals with his welfare disagreed with that decision, without any sort of consultation or investigation, so I have to go with him so that we don’t end up homeless.   Anyway, I guess I started annoying him tonight by asking if he wanted to watch something instead of playing playstation/listening to music. Trying to explain myself (No I wasn’t having a bad time, I just wanted to do something different now) wasn’t calming him down and he was getting more and more annoyed/frustrated/stressed/panicked whatever, just everything. I tried to just keep quiet as to not escalate things and I was just letting him rant. Eventually he told me to just take my stuff and piss off to the other room, while at the same time saying I was abandoning him and that I’d just be okay in the other room while he’s left alone suffering. I wasn’t just okay, I’ve recently started cutting my arms and thighs to deal with the stress of this fucking disease, so I was doing that while he kept on drinking.   Later he came in later still upset. I couldn’t take it, I asked him to please give me more time. He started slamming doors. He broke our extremely big and heavy solid wood front door right off the hinges, and he smashed in our bedroom door, he was crazed. I tried my best to get him to stop, I tried to get close to him and he slapped my hand hard (he had never hit me in any way before but he is very tall and strong and he intimidates me when he is raging and breaking stuff). Recently he has smashed in EVERY SINGLE door in the house, he smashed my tv, he smashed the tv which replaced that one, he sprained his ankle kicking something etc etc. Every single time I have cleaned up after him or completed the repairs on what was broken (we have a cat who I don’t want to get hurt on broken glass or a door falling on her. She also is terrified when he does this. Normally she loves him but when He starts smashing things she hides under beds etc and refuses to come out for hours and hours).  Once things calmed down slightly I begged him to let us just come together and move on, that we needed to be there for each other because we were both hurting, I begged him on my knees to please stop screaming). Everything I did made it worse, EVERYTHING. Well now he’s getting as drunk as he possibly can on the couch. He’s ‘already done the bad thing so there is no point in trying’.  He tells me he basically blacks out when all of this happens. We’re both totally demoralised. I don’t know what the fuck to do. This disease is fucking EVIL.
