ca5185ba1c523051a41adae16733f31f8c65739e93e77975e4a424308e9bff1d;;;Partner applying newly learned psychological terms to our conversations...;;;This is my first time posting here, but I think I've read just about every post in this sub.   Anyway, my (29F) husband (Dx and medicated 29M) and I had quite an explosive argument last night. Lately, I've been feeling very neglected in our relationship. I feel that there is a severe imbalance and that I am basically here to meet his needs (i.e. manage his ADHD when he doesn't, cook, clean, manage the household, etc.). He doesn't deny the imbalance in his more rational moments, but his RSD makes it extremely difficult for me to discuss any of my concerns with him. I explained to him that even though his actions are often involuntary or unintentional, they can still cause me to feel emotional or upset, especially if they hurt my feelings. He often in these moments accuses me of trying to make him feel guilty, or bad when in actuality I am just sharing my feelings. This leaves me feeling like I have to accept the consequences of his ADHD quietly, which leads to more resentment.   I feel like he takes up so much room in our relationship that there is very little space left for me. He finally started seeing a therapist who specializes in ADHD about 8 months ago, and this was after years of me begging him to be more assertive in his ADHD treatment (i.e. medication, therapy, ADHD tools, etc.). I feel like we have so much potential right now because I too have a good therapist that I am working with to try and sort out some depression and anxiety that I have developed as a result of being in this relationship. I am so happy that he is getting quality intervention, but he has recently started applying terms from his therapy to me and I can't help but feel that he is most times missing this mark on his assessment of specific behaviors because of his gaps in attention, social awkwardness, and overall lack of observational skills.   We had a conversation and he told me that he believes that I mind read a lot. This is a term that his therapist brings up a lot with him, only he thinks mind reading is occurring when I literally comment on a specific behavior that hurts my feelings. An example of this is when we are having a conversation and he tells I am upset and tearful, he will shut down emotionally and become very curt and short in his responses, and he might even interrupt me to say "ok", where a neurotypical person might apologize or offer comfort. I'll comment on this being hurtful to me, and he'll tell me that I am mind reading and assuming that he is doing something that he is not.   These moments are especially frustrating because I am already upset, but also because I feel invalidated, and it seems like he's attempting to shift the attention away from what I am trying to share with him. At some point tonight, he asked me why I am emotional about behaviors that occur as a result of his ADHD, and I used the example that if he were to forget my birthday due to ADHD, I would understand that ADHD was the cause of him forgetting, but it would still be very hurtful to me because I wouldn't feel acknowledged on a special day.   I'm not even sure what I am writing this for, I think it's to speak to people who can relate but to also maybe hear feedback. Please be kind, as this is my first post to Reddit and it's a little scary for me.
ca5185ba1c523051a41adae16733f31f8c65739e93e77975e4a424308e9bff1d;;;Diagnosed Partner’s Ability to Provide Support in Times of Hardship;;;My (29F) husband (diagnosed and medicated 29M) is having a really hard time effectively providing support to me in times of hardship. I had a really difficult counseling session yesterday where my therapist suggested that I begin taking medication for the anxiety and depression that she is noticing that I have developed as a result of being a chaotic relationship for the past 6 years.   I felt absolutely spent after my therapy session and my husband noticed and asked me what was wrong. I told him that my therapist is recommending medication at this point and I expressed that I was feeling very upset about this because this relationship is now having such serious consequences on my mental health that I require medication. I have been warning my husband for years that I would eventually reach this point if nothing in our relationship changed.  This is after years of me providing accommodations for his disability and trying to help him find effective strategies for managing his ADHD. He now has a therapist with a background in ADHD, as well as a psychiatrist, but we still have issues with his ability to remember to stay dedicated to the improvement of our relationship.   He ran out to pick up food for us after this conversation and when he returned he was visibly distraught and run-down looking. He told me that he wouldn’t be able to watch a show with me and he pulled out his laptop and put on an episode of his anime show. I perceived this as his using a negative coping mechanism to receive a dopamine boost while also escaping the issue. I became overwhelmed with emotion and started crying. I think it hit me in that moment that I do not have a partner who I can share my feelings with, without there being a serious guilt response in which he ends up taking up all of the room. His RSD just cannot handle anything that he perceives as criticism.   Every single time I initiate a discussion about the imbalance in our relationship, he brings up that his needs aren’t being met and I explain to him that the root of these issues is his ADHD and that a lot his needs not being met has everything to do with the fact that I don’t have the desire to be intimate with someone who doesn’t keep up with their hygiene, and behaves in the way that child or surly teenager would. I firmly believe that if he was able to better manage his ADHD, that any issues around intimacy would be resolved.   My husband also has some serious trauma and neglect from from his childhood. He also grew up in hoarded house. His therapist describes the aforementioned as a “double whammy” when combined with his ADHD. We’ve recently been searching for a couple’s therapist who specializes in ADHD, but we haven’t yet found one.   I guess my question is, is it unreasonable of me to ask that my husband work on reaching a place where he can serve as an emotional support to me without it turning into a severe depressive episode for him? He just keeps saying that he is tired today, and I find myself feeling exhausted with the pattern of almost feeling sorry for even bringing anything up to him.
