cf113a66f58f654cc9c2d0fe3dd5e61feac329b515ca49e3057a1a2ed820b33d;;;Is it my fault?;;;Hi. Married to ADHD, medicated spouse, dx 10 months ago. I don't know if I'm often miserable because it's my fault. My husband has great qualities--I've seen a lot of improvement in him from before Dx (it was insane before), but I don't know if I'm expecting too much now, because change is really slow now.   &amp;#x200B;  I usually feel like my relationship is bipolar. My husband can be amazing sometimes, terrible at other times. He's had a full personality test--only + for ADHD, despite Aspergers being on my therapist's mind (he lacks facial expression and tone often, not very emotionally intelligent).  We go to couples sporadically.   &amp;#x200B;  My husband loses his temper a lot and cusses at me and raises his voice. He says it's equally my fault, because I incessantly whine a lot about things (true). I'm also very sensitive--if something goes wrong, I want to sit down and talk about it (which you can imagine, makes someone with ADHD very restless). When I confront him about issues, he becomes defensive and hates apologizing. He argues with me intensely--I feel like we are in televised, high-stakes debates.  These talks should take 5 mins (I just want to be validated and apologized to), but he says they happen too often, they take too long (end up being 30 mins-1 hour). He's naturally avoidant, but even moreso during talks, because he doesn't want to get sucked in. He basically blames me for why they take so long, and it's frustrating because during the talks he will not yield. I have to convince him that what he did was wrong/socially unacceptable/hurtful, and then I have to walk him through how to apologize. It's exhausting because each step of that process takes a long time for me to explain.   &amp;#x200B;  He also has this thing where he declares/demands that things are going to happen without transition, regardless of promises he has made to me. Ex: He promises we would talk about him yelling at me earlier (to sort it out), the day didn't go according to plan, he's very tired now, he declares we are not talking about said thing anymore. He gets angry at me if I try to disrupt his sleep/plan. He's very protective of his sleep. He breaks promises a lot, usually seems unapologetic.   Sorry for the long, rambling post. I feel lost.
cf113a66f58f654cc9c2d0fe3dd5e61feac329b515ca49e3057a1a2ed820b33d;;;ADHD and social issues?;;;Hi, my spouse is Dx with ADHD. I was just really confused about what social issues are associated with ADHD? What are your experiences?  &amp;#x200B;  Spouse seemed to have autism/asperger's type social issues when we first met, but therapist says she doesn't think he has it because he speaks well with her/reads situations well (ex: holds door for her, keeps eye contact etc.). He's pretty charming and fine with his co-workers/friends (he can lean towards talking a lot and making weird jokes occasionally). But wth me, he has trouble with eye contact, is fidgety, but also doesn't realize the things he says that are impolite and blunt, or thoughtless. Sometimes his way of coping with conflict sometimes is to make jokes and laugh, to lighten the mood, no matter how upset I am. His face and tone are also usually flat when we talk, but he does have a short temper with me and gets frustrated/angry easily. He's overall bad with social norms and can be socially awkward.   &amp;#x200B;  He has mentioned that emotions are hard work for him at work. He enjoys social outings at work though, now that he is medicated and functioning better.
