d046a1b719241cfa51fe5cde8461d6ea36cae26efe1abb46e6f2a9f34f84755f;;;my partner having ADHD and me having BPD is a horrible combination;;;I want to preface that my experience with BPD isn’t everyone’s relationship with it just like my boyfriend’s ADHD isn’t the exact same as everyone else’s. A common way borderline presents itself in me is pretty bad anxiety. I’m really aware of others when I’m out in public and am scared as fuck of judgement. I’m sensitive and along with having PTSD it can be easy for me to get overwhelmed. My boyfriend’s ADHD tends to make him impulsive. He’s got a lot of energy and can switch from thought to thought quickly. He can be forgetful about promises he’s made or things he’s said so he conflicts himself often which in turn leaves me confused. I often feel unappreciated and ignored which I know he doesn’t intend for. I really don’t want this whole post to be me just shit talking him and want to say that I really love him and sometimes his energy and positive attitude are really refreshing. He’s really a sweet guy. The main problem arises when we’re out in public. He can be really, really loud. He says things that are inappropriate, sexual or otherwise, and it can be genuinely embarrassing. We were going out to celebrate my birthday (yikes) a few weeks ago and were going to go to a movie. We were running about 10 minutes late and I started to get a lil anxious. I know to not panic outloud because DBT taught me a lot about how that can cause me to spiral and make a bigger deal out of whatever is happening. Anyways, we parked in a parking garage and were walking quickly to walk the block to the cinema. When we got to the ground floor of the parking ramp he saw a sign that said “pay here before you leave”, and realized he forgot the parking slip in the car. He wanted to go back and get it and I asked if we could just grab it after the movie since we were already running late, but he said “they’re probably still on the previews!”, so we walked back up the stairs. It wouldn’t have been a big deal if we weren’t parked on the fourth level. By the time we got to the cinema doors the time said we were 15 minutes late and he said “What do you think babe? Do you wanna just do something else?” He seemed to so I agreed and tried to find something to do on my phone. Anytime I made a suggestion of something nearby he shot it down, and after a few minutes he said “Wanna just go back to my place?” I said sure and was visibly sad at this point. As we were walking (there AND back to the ramp) he was making extremely loud sexual comments. Just all in all he was over the top. Singing, dancing, talking to strangers, swearing in front of kids outside, etc. It was way too much for me and I was so quiet and clearly uncomfortable that there is no way he didn’t notice I wasn’t fine with the situation. When we got back to his house I said I was gunna head home, and when he asked why I said “I just kind of feel like crying” and he said “What, is it something I did?” and instead of just being honest outright I didn’t want to make him feel bad so I said no and that I just felt overwhelmed, and he said “No, I know it’s because of me. I’ve been really annoying all day and I know it.” He ended up going for a walk and told me to just be by myself in his place for awhile and we could see how I felt when he got back. I was really thankful for him doing that, and when he got back we talked and I was more honest with him. I said he often made me uncomfortable in public and he acknowledged that the way he acts in public has gotten him into serious trouble before. He seemed to be really genuine and said “Let’s just have a code word for if we’re in public and I’m doing something that’s overwhelming you or just not helping the fact that you’re already anxious.” I said sure. The next day we went to the zoo, and while we were waiting in line to get in (like a 20 minute wait) he started up again. Loud, singing, dancing. He pulled his phone out and started playing a song through the speakers. (I FUCKING HATE when people do things like that in public. Put some headphones in. Jesus fucking christ.) At that point my anxiety with him had been building for a good 15 minutes, so I said the code word, which was baseball. He IMMEDIATELY laughed and started mocking me. “Haha, baseball! Baseball!” I didn’t understand what the point of him mocking an idea HE came up with was, but it hurt my feelings and made me want to not trust whatever solution he comes up with next. During the rest of the day he would find excuses to say “baseball” to me. For example, a kid bumped into me at one point and I said “oh, sorry!” and my boyfriend snapped “baseball”. Another example was when he commented on how I was dressed (asshole?) and said “Men keep staring at you.” I said something to the effect of “Well it’s hot out. I’m wearing shorts and a crop top.” and he said “baseball”. I really don’t want this dynamic to start veering towards me just parenting him. He’s three years older than me and I don’t like feeling like the mature one in this. Has anyone else experienced anything like this? Or does anyone have any advice on what to do?  TLDR: I’m very sensitive and my boyfriend is very not sensitive and I don’t know what the hell to do about it.  (this is also posted in the BPD subreddit)
