d1d61cdfd74034de659af749d2d9d09361a0234d9b68cc435540d8bd3d384cec;;;I'm desperate for some stability;;;I'm really stressed and need to vent. Wall of text coming in - Tl;dr at end.   &amp;#x200B;  I've been with my ADHD partner for three years. He's a wonderful, kind, thoughtful, and compassionate person, and I love him very much. We have been planning to get married in the future, and even talked about having a family.   But there has been one consistent issue that keeps causing problems, and that is his ability to hold down a job. I'm absolutely despairing at this point.   When I first met him he had a low paid hospitality job and all he ever spoke about was how he wanted to leave and go back to working as a skilled tradesman. He was upbeat and ambitious. So we found the training course, signed up, paid the deposit, and he started training (he isn't from this country, so he need to get valid qualifications to get any decent jobs in the trade). But then he got stressed because he had no money, and decided to put the course on hold, get a job, save up, then go back to studying. However, because he wasn't qualified, the only tradesman jobs he could get were with dodgy companies who he had a terrible time with. He also told me he felt the people at the course were rude/racist/hostile and he didn't want to go back. So he decided the course and the career wasn't for him and he quit. I was okay with it. Better for him to quit now than stay in a profession he's unhappy in, right?   Then came a string of random jobs, all of which he either quit or was fired from. He would always come back from work distressed with awful stories about how he was being bullied, people were discriminating against him, had unrealistic expectations of him, were rude, or were racist/xenophobic. Whenever he started a new job, he would still be browsing for other jobs, and sometimes he would take days off from his new job to go to interviews for other jobs. He was CONSTANTLY unhappy and looking for the next job that would be better. Constantly saying he felt unfulfilled and that it wasn't his 'dream'. It was one enormous drama after another, followed by absolute breakdowns whenever he was fired and found himself unemployed again.   So I decided to step in and say- 'fine. What do you really want to do? I'll financially support your training in a career you are passionate about. Because you obviously need this to be happy.'  So he picks something that he has always been good at, and interested in. He's nearly finished the qualification, but he failed the final exam the other week. It's no big deal. Resitting the exam is free. He's got 3/4 of the qualifications done. He's nearly there. But he still has an epic meltdown.  He says he will finish the course. But I can already see the excitement/novelty of the new career is wearing off.   I'm just realizing that this is a pattern. He gets excited about new job/career. He goes after it. Realizes it's hard/not as much fun as he thought/he doesn't like all his co-workers or feels they don't like him, amplifies this negativity in his mind and then he either quits or becomes so obviously half-assed at work that he gets fired. It's just a roller-coaster of his interest and enthusiasm in something peaking enormously , then crashing down when it isn't as awesome as he hoped.   This has been occurring for about 2 years now. I'm just exhausted.   &amp;#x200B;  Has anyone experienced anything similar? Can anyone offer me SOME hope or advice here? I'm feeling so desperate.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks to anyone who read this.  &amp;#x200B;  tl;dr. Boyfriend cannot keep a job or stick to long-term plan without self sabotaging or losing interest.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
