d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;my fiance had no idea what ADHD actually meant;;;he knew he had been diagnosed as a child, but nothing was done or explained. he has been totally unaware of everything. his entire life. he (up until now) has had no idea why he struggled with certain things.  we were having a conversation about online shopping and he said that he just couldn't handle that stuff and ends up buying the wrong thing. I mentioned it might be due to how much information there is so he can't focus on what's relevant / important.   he stops me and goes "you know what I think a large part of it is? I think it's because there's no immediate consequence for what I'm doing" (i know right!!) me: yeah so, you know that's a big part of ADHD right? him: no I did not. is it really?  it was kind of bitter sweet, as if not for r/adhd and some other resources I wouldn't have known either, and he would still be clueless. it did make me smile that he is able to make connections with things now that there is an open dialogue about it.   every conversation helps :)   I just thought I'd share, it was nice and kinda cool that he thought of something that leading experts explain, and now he knows why!
d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;Your experience with ADHD, is not everyone else's experience with ADHD.;;;Please bear this in mind when responding to people.   I've viewed some pretty toxic comments toward people with ADHD, and it's both unhelpful and not very thoughtful.  Everyone deserves some compassion, there is always something left out of a story, it is not our place to judge people we do not know, rather, if we are able we should be encouraging education to further the understanding of anyone going through a particularly tough time. It's also not for us to judge if that time is actually tough or not.   We are not here to compare, we are here to help.  Please be kind.  Thank you everyone.
d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;My husband (30/M, not medicated) is really struggling right now, and I'm not sure how to help.;;;Overall, his patterns of behaviour are more consistent these days in spite of the stressful environments he is exposed to. But there's a couple of things that I just feel powerless to help with.  &amp;#x200B;  1. He has lost 2 grandparents in the last year, and now his maternal grandmother is dying. We fear she does not have long left. This is painful for him, I am not sure how to help soothe that pain. He says I have been helping, but it's tough, and in truth I have never experienced what he is going through, so I can't even imagine what's going on in his mind. It just feels very baseless, and fake from me, though it is coming from a genuine place. I'm just not sure.  2. Work is really getting to him. He called me now just crying and it broke my heart. He has been trying to highlight and address some issues at work, but overall the final message today was along the lines of "yes we know, we don't want to hear it anymore, there's nothing we can do / are willing to do, here is a location transfer slip if you want it"  &amp;#x200B;  This has made him feel like he has done something wrong, that he is the problem, and that he is not being treated fairly given everything he does at work. It makes him feel like he is a bad person, like he's missing part of the bigger picture that everyone else sees, and no matter how hard he is trying to get through his days, he always puts a foot wrong. He feels hurt, he feels neglected, feels like everyone is viewing him negatively. It's more overwhelming for him right now, because he's thinking of his grandma and doesn't know if today, or tomorrow will be the last time he sees her. All lots of anxiety inducing things.  I have some additional feelings of guilt, because yesterday things were not going smoothly, it was one thing after another for him, and to his credit he did not react inappropriately to any of it. The final moment came when... when. Ugh. I said... well.... He had put a pizza in the oven and there was a baking tray on top of the stove. I was doing something at the time, but I had noticed there was like 2 minutes left on the timer and I said, *"hey you might wanna move the baking tray off the stove so you have space to put your pizza there with no issues"*. I tried that approach because I have witnessed him struggling with that before and it doesn't end well. Since I foresaw that being an issue, I wanted to try and address it without coming off as a nag. The baking tray could sit there all day for I cared, I just wanted to prevent an issue.  He assured me it was fine, and he'd just use a cutting board and put it on the counter. I said okay. But I knew it wasn't okay; I knew there was a high possibility the pizza would end up on the floor. I left it alone, all the while knowing I was fully capable of moving the baking tray, but I'm also not his mum, you know? I should have just moved it. I could have, and I didn't on purpose.   Anyway, yep, the pizza slides top side down off of the cutting board onto his hand; first degree burns. I'm trying to help him with his hand first and it turns into a little bit of an altercation, he says he's fine then tells me he was being unkind because he was in pain, and so I shouldn't sum it up to anything more than that, even though... he told me he was ***not*** in any pain. Anyway this didn't last long and to be honest, what I witnessed was a reaction that I would have seen from.. any other person. Even myself. Totally "normal".  So after he had collected himself and we were back in sync and calm, we recovered his dinner plans; I ended up making him something else so he didn't have to worry about it and all was fine.  I then said, *"Hey, I just want you to know how happy I am for you, and how proud of you I am for how you handled that whole situation"* and he looked at me really really shocked like I was implying something negative, he questioned me, as if to say what do you even mean? and I just said, well, you know, all things considered it was all pretty appropriate and you didn't react badly at all, but he thought that I was genuinely being sarcastic and had a brief moment of feeling like he was attacked, but sat there in almost total silence. He thought I was being mean and just sat there and said nothing. You guys know that rarely happens.  In this moment his head just seemed really heavy, he looked up at me barely even moving his head, his eyes were starting to glaze with tears and he said *"I thought I did react badly."* It was like looking into the eyes of a scolded child.   And that ladies and gentlemen is how I inadvertently experienced what it feels like to be a monster. Direct knife to the chest.  Thanks for getting to the end of this if you did, no worries if not. While I can talk about ADHD related stuff in my day to day life, when it comes to helping emotionally through the dynamic of a marriage I feel a bit isolated and have not many people to divulge this stuff to. I have feelings of doubt, I don't know where the line is, am I doing too much, not enough, the wrong thing entirely. I just don't know and I cannot take seeing that level of pain in him.  Thanks again.
d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;Turned the laundry room into a closet for husband.;;;this is helping him a lot. yesterday though i noticed clothes all folded in the living room, clearly encroaching, and creeping out of the boundary lines. I made a comment. "Be mindful, your clothes are creeping out of the laundry room. "  to which i get a stern look in response, followed with:  "look, I'm gonna let you have that and thats fine, i get it, but i did just quietly accomplish two loads of laundry and folded everything."  and he was right. he did that independently, and completed it start to finish.   anyway, this has eliminated the clothes sitting in the laundry basket, as now they are out of the dryer and folded immediately to the counter.   i wonder if anyone else is able to do this, as i said it seems to be really helpful for him at the moment!
d20e19bbf9bbdabac63bd2ff968c581a53e8e4c35861239c715b00e6aeb8ee88;;;He apologized;;;This maybe aught to go in the weekly victories thread, but I also felt that this tale came with a valuable message.  My husband has this annoying learned behaviour of seeking to pacify someone when upset, even more so with me, I would guess because he can't handle seeing me hurt. I get it, but it's not the right way to go about things sometimes.  Well, yesterday marked thr 9th year of my dad passing, so I tried to keep busy and the usual. My husband asked me to talk about him; memories and things. I tried, but there's no much good stuff from my own past, and before I knew it, I was snot crying and in a mess. Instead of consoling me, he moved to pacify me.  I felt particularly vulnerable in that moment, as I hadn't ever said these things outloud, so it took it's toll on me. I got triggered, it didn't end well.   But it did end better than any other time something like this happened.  No shouting, no screaming. He did not push me once to talk to him. (previously would do anything to get me to react to him out of fear I suppose). He gave me my space, didn't react to my own sharp tongue, which means I also wasn't put in a position to say horrible things to make a point.   I woke up this morning feeling pretty low, and upon reflection, because he handled himself well, I was able to get my thoughts in order. I sent him a message outlining the main issue:  "I listen to you vent a lot, sometimes for hours, and when i was having a moment you sought to pacify me, after we literally had a conversation about how your mum does that to you. It's just not cool. i had never vocalized any of that to anyone in my life, not even anna, so i didn't know it would even upset me so bad. i didnt even know it was there. anyway, gonna try and work out to see if it helps me feel better because it's just not healthy for me to be feeling so low like this."  Even though he was at work, he called me back immediately.  He told me he understood completely what he had done, it wasn't his intention, he did not mean to hurt my feelings, and that I was right, and he will work harder on listening, and active listening. (there was more to it, but you get the idea)  There was no backpedaling, no anger, no trying to justify himself, no making it my problem; just pure acknowledgment of a mistake, and being quite remorseful for that mistake.  So guys and gals, if you know, you know. This just doesn't happen. Ever. There's always a fight about him not taking accountability for what he's done. The denial, the "No that's not it!". None of it was there this time.  The releif I felt in that moment was just.. I can't even tell you.  To see and understand that kind of progress from someone, I was just lost for words.  I wanted to share this with you all who might be struggling to work at your relationships, as there is a light at the end of the tunnel. There is hope.   Communication, respect, boundaries - all of these things help give a person enough foundation that they can manage them selves, grow, and learn.  Happy Friday everyone!
