d2484fc0e6c309e5c89840dbbd6047dec773e32deffdf3bdb6873e773308ff50;;;Worried it is too little too late;;;I posted this elsewhere and realized that ONLY other ADHD partners will get it. Frustrating but so it goes.  My husband is a wonderful human. He loves me and cares for me and likes to do thoughtful things for me. The big problem, though, is that is surface level. Lurking under the surface is his constant need for sexual fulfillment and lack of impulse control. He has unmedicated ADHD.   I discovered he was contacting other women outside our marriage by accident the year after we got hitched. I then realized he had been doing it from the beginning. It didn't matter what I did, he still needed this zing.   So being the person I am (for good or bad, not fucking sure) I said we should try opening our marriage. For me it wasn't the sexual acts that bothered me, it was the lying.   Well, chronic lying goes hand in hand with chronic fucking up (in one's mind) from ADHD. He lies about dumb shit, big things, whatever.   So we are on this cycle where he cheats, I find out, I tell him I can't take it that he keeps breaking my trust, and he says he won't do it again. I do believe he THINKS he won't do it again. But the ADHD brain is a seriously rough reality when it comes to this.   So in our open relationship our parameters were that we needed to always loop the other person in, and that we were starting out just with physical needs and fantasies. We are both pansexual and pretty kinky, so talking about our desires was really freeing. We started communicating better than ever before. We had ground rules that if one of us started to develop feelings for another person, we'd say so and decide what would make sense going forward.   We have been open for 5 years and in that time had an MFM (so hot!) and I tried doing the stag thing once. But also in that time, he went to other women several times behind my back. Argh.   So the rubber really hit the road a few months ago when I decided to try out the hotwife thing. He'd been fantasizing about it since our MFM and I knew he'd find it hot. I also felt like fuck it. I am going to meet this man and see what I think, fuck him if I want to, and then tell my husband after for his enjoyment, too.   All of that went really well and everyone was into it. Until my husband found out (I told him and he saw my texts - this is allowed, not snooping, because of the broken trust) that I was falling for the other guy. He freaked out. He sent a very hurtful message to the other dude, and then started getting really close to another friend, disparaging me and saying very hurtful things.   Well. Apparently the combination of seeing me love someone else and my putting my foot down launched him into action. For the first time ever he has personally taken the step to get a therapy appt for his issues. This is huge.   But now I am feeling like a person that has been picked up by a twister and repeatedly slammed down. He says he loves me. I know he does. We have a kiddo together, and he is our world.   But I now find myself just wanting to be with the other person. Who hasn't hurt me and who feels like this missing piece. Hard to explain. But he is a soul mate or twin or whatever you'd call it. He has backed off wanting to give me space, but has said that he will be there in a heartbeat to try if I want to.   My husband has even said I can see how it is to date this other person, too. This was an amazing breakthrough.  I worry that this is too little too late. But the worst part is that even though he has been the one to break our trust, I am now the one who would be breaking up our family. It is awful.   I am on a waiting list for a sex positive and ADHD versed therapist in town. So. Here I am.  I know how this looks on paper, but living it and the 1000 great things about him are the reasons I've stuck it out. I just may have run out of my patience, finally.
