d2f0a41985ac053fdd5d4cc5edb896e54fc50404839daf2fd5fb02fc213809da;;;My boyfriend hits himself when his very frustrated and i don't know how to help;;;He was diagnosed recently with ADHD and possibly Asperger (witch its not confirmed) after two years of constantly going everywhere seeking from help. Getting diagnosed was a big relief for both of us, but at this point he was pretty exhausted from all of this. For context im the only one who supports him. He lives with his mother and sister, and everyone ignores him. Even being diagnosed and explaining that to all of his family members and friends did nothing. And the thing is that we need money for treatment and neither of us have it. We are unemployed because the economic situation of our country is awfull. So the only one that pays for his treatment will be his mother, who complains about it everytime and who also my boyfriend gets triggered by because she and his father were psychologically abusive with him as a child.  With all this i hope you understand what i mean by he being exhausted about seeking help. For him implies his mother complaining and him feeling even awfull.  So, all this being said, i wanted to know if someone knows how to help with this episodes of big frustration and hitting because i want to get better about it until we can get proper help. When he is in crisis i grab him by the wrists tightly to stop him from hitting his head and try to ground him using my voice, and telling him that all its okay. Eventually he will stop, but i want to find a better method if possible.  Sorry if its too long and if i expressed myself badly. English is not my first language.
d2f0a41985ac053fdd5d4cc5edb896e54fc50404839daf2fd5fb02fc213809da;;;He (boyfriend with ADHD) hasn't respond yet;;;We both use an app that counts how many time we are together. Today we are 900 days on our relationship. Last night i write to him as usual, and added a little letter like text talking about our relationship and why i love him so much. Usually he will respond back, but today wasn't the case. I don't expect the same from him because i know its difficult for him but he usually at least says "i love you too". He has seen the mesages and he expressed on his own way that something happened and he felt bad and shout down. Im scared because lately when he encounters a difficulty on our relationship from his point of view he thinks that ended our relationship its the solution. He has regretted that decision, but still im so afraid. I try constantly my best to make him understand that things hace solutions. But its so exhausting to trying to be his therapist, career and girlfriend at the same time when i have ptsd and all of this stuff constantly triggers me. I don't know. Im scared. I know that i didn't do anything wrong but still ... it like walking on a landmine. I have notifications of and i will try to ignore the phone but until he says something my anxiety and fear will not go away. I don't want to be abandoned again.
