d2f6eed3decf7051a3cc9f263af5cdc899efdb65866c6772c9d4485adc6a4edc;;;Does ADHD ever affect affection?;;;I [21 F] and my partner [22 M] have been comming to terms with his adhd and finding where it affects our relationship and working on ways to alleviate problems or deal with them.   I'm pretty positive on the matter, we've been together over 7 years and i want to learn as much as i can to be as helpful to him and our relationship.   I know the classic problems, i know that he doesnt mean to interrupt me, that he doesnt purposefully forget things or try to ignore me. I get his time management lacks.   BUT what i have the hardest problem with is an issue i havent seen anything about in regards to adhd. So im wondering if its adhd or just him. The issue is he will always forget or delay any sort of affection after i get upset.   For instance i tell him my feelings got hurt because he spent so long playing video games after i told him what time it was that we miss the sunset we were gonna go watch. He then spends 20 mins explaining himself (comes off as very defensive tbh) and im mostly hurt because instead of devoting that time to hugging me and saying sorry hes just seemingly making excuses. I would feel so much better after these little things (especially now knowing its adhd not him) if he just spent 10 mins showing me some love and 10 mins explaining that he didnt mean to lose track of time.   He often explains/defends himself first before ever apologizing. I sometimes have to tell him "you didnt even say sorry" or "you havent even kissed me or hugged me" he often doesnt realize that he didnt do those things and says he thought he did.  So what im wondering is, is this something anyone here has experience with. Is this a symptom of relationships with a partner who has adhd?   TLDR; My partner has adhd and struggles with showing me affection. Not on a regular basis but after any type of hurt feelings or fight or something. Is that a symptom/ caused by adhd or is it just him?
