d2f7a8ec81f7668bd0728b43d83f6a5c03e7f4fb252c8b4c851c067fdb2fff0c;;;ADHD Partner with 2 kids;;;Hi everyone, I have been married to my husband(non-diagnosed ADD) for 5 years now. Things were fine and I was trying to be accepting of his differences, which I thought were quirky pre-kids. Now we have a 3 yr old and a 1 yr old. My husband constantly zones out, is tired, wants to rest and do his own thing, and is not paying attention even when he is physically present, which makes me feel anxious and I never leave the kids alone with him. All of our bickering and fighting revolves around something his inattention and forgetfulness when we are together as a family.  He comes into the picture on weekends to toss the kids around and make some silly faces which leaves the kids adoring him. I always feel conflicted with how things are going. I feel he is insensitive, does not help enough, and is not mentally present, which drives me crazy.  He is really a great person, the kindest and most understanding man I know. We get into this viscous cycle of me pointing out his faults and him hating me for it and not understanding what he is doing wrong. I feel like he has no common sense and is super stubborn when even I am nice about telling him what is wrong.We've been to couples therapy and the therapist pretty much told me that I have to accept him for the good and the bad. But alas we have 2 little kids and things are never so simple as just leaving the situation you're in.  I am not sure how to get out of this never ending cycle and don't want to keep living like this. Anyone else in this position? How did you manage?
d2f7a8ec81f7668bd0728b43d83f6a5c03e7f4fb252c8b4c851c067fdb2fff0c;;;Marriage help;;;My partner(diagnosed ADHD, 41 yrs old) and I (non-ADHD, 31 yrs old) have been having problems since the start of our relationship 10 years ago. Things became more complicated and difficult with time, marriage, and having 2 kids. I did not realize that he might have ADHD until we were married and he never revealed this either. I always thought he was the quirky, fun guy who was a little different. Anyway, now 2 kids in, years of therapy both individually and together, I do not know if I can live with his ADHD for the rest of my life. I love him as a person but have so many emotions towards him as a partner and I do not know if therapy can help me. The more I try to read about ADHD, understand it and him, the more I question whether this is something I can accept and live with. I have to mention that he is overall a wonderful, loving husband and dad. He is there for my in bigger picture type of ways. Maybe my expectations for a partner are too high in my mind and they don't match my reality? I know everyone has their good and bad qualities so maybe I am living in a fantasy world. I can't unsee all of his faults and this affects our relationship in every way. I have become more understanding of the fact that he cannot control or change many things about himself.   However, this really leaves me to question whether I can deal with this for the rest of my life. I am not attracted to him, have no sex drive, and spending time with him makes me anxious as we tend to bicker and fight if I point things out to him. This leaves me with the feeling of disappointment and sadness.  It is a continuous spiral and I feel like he is my 3rd child and not my partner. Am I being selfish? Has anyone else had these feelings?
