d311279c61871b3c687c0b562b842335b54781f4b13e91f8ed128e000430e6fa;;;Question about ADHD guy I was briefly seeing;;;Hi guys. I was seeing a man with ADHD for a very short time before things fell apart (after just two dates.) From the first date, he mentioned he was divorced at 32 and that he had been diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 30 and that his therapist explained to him that a lot of his issues stemming from anxiety, work, etc. could be attributed to his disorder.  I found him charming, quirky and very sweet. I also noticed he was ping ponging in conversation a bit, he was telling me quite a bit about himself and he would sometimes blurt things out and then attempt to take them back. Some of the things were even just observations about me, e.g., oh it’s cool you know that hip hop song that’s playing.   We quickly scheduled a second date at my place. He was attentive leading up to the date and throughout. He would sometimes question himself at odd times but again, I found it cute and rather disarming. For example, 10 minutes into making out is a funny time to say “oh should I leave? Am I overstaying my welcome?” We ended up getting quite physical and engaged in some sexual stuff. He was spooning me afterwards, practically beaming at me and then the trouble began.  The next day, I texted him and got the feeling he was being polite and trying to seem interested without prolonging conversation. I took the hint to give him space, seeing as he’s recently divorced. Then the next day, he texted me “full disclosure, I’m meeting someone else this weekend and thought I should tell you due to covid.” This was a major error, considering we didn’t even have plans to see each other for a 1.5 due to my busy holiday plans and also what just happened. I called him and got the feeling he was very apologetic and felt he’d made a mistake.  We agreed to speak the next week. On the phone, he explained he gets very guilty about seeing multiple people and he acted very impulsively. But there was no mention of making it up to me. I pushed him a bit and then explained I had been in several relationships where I’d had to act as a sort of therapist to get people to understand how their actions affect me and that I didn’t want to repeat that. In fact, two of my exes believed they may have been on the autism spectrum and those relationships had ended when they weren’t getting help.  This set off so many things for him. Turns out his ex wife left him, in part, due to his ADHD and in his words “expected therapy to fix him.” And he didn’t want to see me again because I struck him as accommodating, a people pleaser and a fixer who would only be comfortable if he was comfortable. And he explained, due to ADHD, anxiety and related issues, he isn’t comfortable a lot of the time. Conversation turned pretty bitter and then it was over.  Did I completely approach this in the wrong way for someone with ADHD? I wanted to know he had remorse and he could explain his actions before proceeding to see him again. But I clearly touched a nerve.
