d381e8b0538ad07eb53213089467c67f2c968ce66e494eff442ee6e4bd1063c3;;;Nervous about a future/living together with ADHD boyfriend - advice needed;;;Hi all, I have been lurking for a while but finally got the courage to write my own post. My boyfriend and I have been together for 3 ish years in our late 20's, he's undiagnosed and probably won't be. He is such a loving, caring, attentive person and he's the best man I've had in my life. I can see him really trying and he always tries his hardest to be the best he can be in his life and as a partner. So I feel very bad sometimes for feeling the way I do, if anyone can relate.   We are getting to the point where he is talking about our future and moving in, having kids etc. But I am concerned about the parent-child relationship that has been on and off over the years. He forgets to do things until it's too late like appointments or laundry, will leave dishes in random places and frequently not put things away unless I remind him, will get absorbed by work for 16+ hours (he is passionate about his career in chemistry but I worry that this will get out of hand because of his fixations).  He has wrecked stuff accidentally by using it inappropriately and doesn't see why it makes me mad because he will replace it, though he treats his own belongings well. If I talk about an issue he will always acknowledge it and make an effort to do better, but it often doesn't stick. He has come a long way and I keep thinking that I should let go of the past and focus on his progress and the positives, even if it's sometimes two steps forward one step back.  I would hate to lose a man I love that really loves me and is working his hardest because of "what ifs" or being anxious about the worst case. But reading this sub I see lots of the same issues and I am scared to become a nagging, frustrated person or having to maintain the house while he builds his career. I started to become that way for over a year and it wrecked our sex life, but things have started to get better in the last couple months. To be honest though, I sometimes feel so resentful that I don't know if it's worth it or how long it will take for me to trust him not to go backwards.  I'm getting tired of my own indecisiveness. My question is - am I over-reacting or under-reacting to these issues? Does anyone have advice to their younger selves if they committed to marriage and kids with someone with ADHD? I know I will get a biased sample set here but I am not sure where else to vent and ask these questions.   Thank you everyone who reads this and gives advice. Feel free to post any experiences of your own that feel relevant. Have a great day.
d381e8b0538ad07eb53213089467c67f2c968ce66e494eff442ee6e4bd1063c3;;;I am afraid to have kids with my ADHD partner;;;Since being with my ADHD partner I feel like I wouldn't want kids. I love my partner but there was over a year and a half period where I felt like his mom.  I turned from the relaxed and fun person I was to nitpicky and frustrated. It's gotten better in the last few months so maybe I will feel differently if things stay this way for a while. He is now accepting of his ADHD and wants to get diagnosed, but is still reluctant to consider meds. I'm letting him take his time and not pushing him.   We want to have the "kids" conversation but I don't know what to say. The chances of us having kids with ADHD would probably quite high, and on top of a forgetful partner, I am afraid to be the only responsible adult taking care of the household.  I think he wants kids but doesn't see all of the work, he only thinks about the fun aspects. I have thought about adoption and I was basically adopted, but I always envisioned it with someone I could rely on a bit more. Even when he tries his best I have to double check everything because half the time it isn't done. I don't know how to bring up these concerns with him without making him feel terrible.
