d3b1b0ccce3af6fa4e689707769882064c6231360ea052c4c1afea1d1c6b7250;;;Together ~3 years, both [26F/29M) have ADHD, WTF just happened? Chores &amp; mental load/gender roles/ADHD;;;We’ve been moving out of our apartment and into a new one 6 blocks away for the last month. Recently I had to go out of town for a work conference. I came back after 4 days and found that he had made zero progress on unpacking or moving things from the old place to the new one, hadn’t done dishes or emptied the dishwasher, and didn’t remember to pick up our CSA vegetables.  Here’s the text thread that became an explosion:  Me: Did you get the CSA last week?  Him: fuck  nah  completely forgot about it  Me: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/may/26/gender-wars-household-chores-comic  I’m not mad about the CSA at all but it just reminded me to share this and note that us both having ADHD complicates this a lot  We’re gonna need systems, and I want to get our own lives down before we add pets or kids  Though actually on that note, coming home to the house the way it was after being gone 4 days was frustrating  Him: I think it's very unfair of you to imply that you do the majority of the planning.  That's pretty offensive to be honest  Me: I mean you don’t see those as two good examples? I was gone and nothing moved around the house, our food didn’t get picked up, and I’ve been trying to get us to go grocery shopping for weeks and tried to create a tool that would help us. I’ve suggested chore charts in the past to help us systemize aka take planning out of our heads  I didn’t want to make you defensive about this just wanted to agree to work on it. I think we both need to support each other cause it’s something that’s extra hard  Him: Those are two anecdotes. You don't think I have to anecdotes from my point of view? I'm not mad about wanting a system, I'm not mad that you were irritated about coming home to a messy house, I'm mad that you think it's a systemic injustice against you when I have just as many examples of feeling the same way  Me: Ok well it is a systemic injustice for women not just me  You are also a dude and the relationships between men and women tends to lean that way  I’m trying to point out that this is harder and more complicated for us  Him: It's a problem when you apply statistics to individuals  Me: They apply to individuals but I understand we’re not perfect stereotypes  This is a stereotype that can apply to us and what I’m saying is it’s harder and more complicated because we both have trouble planning  I don’t know why you’re being #notallmen don’t clean about this  Him: Wow  Ok I’m done bye
