d406f91d5d61b36a44bc991acc621e0519f9d730e3b43cf81a8f3ce41f532edc;;;He yell-ranted at me again and threw things. RSD is massive some days, I dont know what to do anymore.;;;My partner is a 29 year old male, with adhd, depression and weed addiction. He hasnt smoked for two weeks and have begun to get help from a professional with the addiction.   I dont know if its rsd, adhd or the weed addiction - or a mix of it all.   Some days there are no problem. We like to joke around and tease eachother lovingly. On his off days this is not at all possible because everything feels like an attack. Problem is I dont always know when he has an off day because he doesnt tell me.  Sometimes he is clearly annoyed and angry, but from experience it sets him off to ask if he is okay.  Ive tried in any way I can think of to approch it but it doesnt matter what I say or how I ask, it always ends up with him exploding. With time Ive lost my patience, and sometimes ask him why he is so angry, which is counterproductive because this makes him slam doors etc.  I then tell him I dont want to talk when its like that, but it seems like he cant stop when he is already going. He yells sometimes for hours. He accuses me of not listening while having these onesided screaming matches "with me" as he has no interest in letting me speak. He then begin to bring out things, out of context, from old fights and it becomes  just hours of him yelling about everything Ive ever done wrong. For the most part I dont even know how to respond when he takes some out of context and applied it differently.   Eventually I will get up and go. I have told him that if he yells I will leave because it triggers my anxiety attacks, and its made me had anxiety attacks in the past. Sometimes he trashes the room and throw with things when Im there. Today I could hear he trashed his apartment after I went out the door.   I have tried to ask him if he can give me a heads up when he has an off day, because then I know to be careful of what to say on those days, but he feels like I just have to guess and then wait it off. Ive told him how uncomfortable those days feels for me as it feels like Im in a minefield, and he's just waiting for me to take a wrong step so he has an excuse for his anger outlet.   I dont understand he cant meet me just a bit halfway here. I dont want to upset him, both because of his feelings but also to protect myself.   These tantrums scares me. He has never put a hand on me, but he has tried to flip the bed in the night while I was in it. He excused it after by saying I shouldnt be afraid, because it was just the bed he was hitting.   At the 6 months Ive known him Ive seen him break a tv, a doorknob, a sign in the middle of the street, thrown a bike, thrown his computer.   I told him its not normal and he needs to talk to someone about his anger. He says outward aggression is normal, and he wish I would do the same when Im angry, which just makes me feel like he is completely in denial.  I come from a childhood home with yelling, aggression and anger. When he does this it triggers the hell out of me and takes me week to feel sort of normal again. I close off immediatly after and tell him my boundaries has been crossed and that I need time to get back on my own feet (so it doesnt effect my school which it tends to do as I sometimes get too sad to leave my house the following days).  My partner has anger and aggression issues and clearly also rsd that inflates on some days. He is also warm, empathetic and loving. Its two different people to me. I love the one side but the other side scares me. I want him to get better, but I also feel like I need to take a step back to protect myself. I also dont want to keep being his therapist, and Im beginning to see my own mental health slipping. Ive become gradually more annoyed and shorttempered myself, and Im selfisolating more. Ive said mean things back to him after period of times where Ive had enough. He doesnt think its mean when he tells me things like that "because thats his opinion". Eventually I snap back. Im feeling extremely stressed by the situation.  Its come to the point where Im not comfortable having him in my apartment anymore, if he yells or throw things here aswell, and Im always trying to avoid his neighbours because its just embarassing. He yells out extremely intimate things I dont share with everyone while turning them into disorted things they are not. How am I supposed to trust someone like that. Yelling out how I called him dumb today that one time when I snapped after months of him talking down about everything I was learning in school. Correcting me though we study different fields. Mansplaining my whole assigment (that i was proud of  aswell as the feedback from our teachers) back to me. I have told him after many times that I dont think he is dumb and I said it in a pety moment of wanting to get back at him.   He tells me I belittles him, and I guess i do in those moments. He has been belittlening me from the day we met. From how I dated when me met (though he lied about who he was), he has shamed me for my sexual past and called me disgusting amongst other thing. He was a virgin when we met (which he lied about. I didnt know). He has called me talking about my life for drama yet its not when he talks about conflicts, family, friends. He has told me Im lazy and have no passion, yet I have school and work. He hasnt gone to school since it started in august and he never does anything. He calls me a mess, yet Im pretty sure Im the only one who has cleaned his bathroom in all the time Ive known him.  I know he is projecting. I told him that but now he tells me Im projecting (this was the same mirroring thing my narcissistic ex did). He makes me feel like the worst for snapping back, and denies his role in it. What does he expect?  I know Im not innocent in this for saying mean things back. I end up feeling so run over and emotionally neglected that I cant controle it either. I want him to feel how it feels in that moment (where I myself act like a teenager).  Im still in some sort of chock from the last time some hours ago and really upset, so Im sorry if this text is a bit all over the place.  Is there any advice? Have any of you experienced the same? How can I handle this without ending it?
