d5522a36c80fe83d12f3130d567ca2a9e75c002c2cb65d9f00872d029f2b9b77;;;I suspect my partner has ADHD;;;Hi everyone  I’m hoping to get some advice. My partner and I have had issues in the past around responsibilities/organisation. I often end up feeling as though I have to organise everything for us which has regularly caused arguments. My partner will do his share of the housework, but he constantly has to be reminded to actually do it, if I get frustrated with him I feel like he implied it’s my fault for not specifically telling him, for example, the bins and recycling are his responsibility and he knows this, but he’ll happily just leave bin bags overflowing in the corner or the recycling stacking up everywhere and it doesn’t seem to occur to him to actually take them outside unless I prompt him. This is also the case with the pets, it seems to always default to my responsibility to feed/clean out the fish even though he was the one that brought them (on impulse, without really researching fish, resulting in me having to spend a lot of money to actually buy things like heaters and proper food and medicine etc).  In general, he doesn’t really like cooking and seems to struggle following instructions on the pack, a lot of the time he’ll sortof just wing it instead of actually looking at the temperatures etc, or he’ll have to come and ask me what to do. Due to this I do most of the cooking unless it’s something really easy.  When we first met, he was terrible with budgeting and would frequently be unable to pay rent as he’d spend his pay check pretty much straight away, I don’t blame him for that (I’ve been there too in my younger days) and we’ve got measures in place to manage this now, but essentially I have to organise budgeting for him. When we first met I also noticed that he never seemed to really eat properly, he never had any food in the house and I assume he just lived off of cereal. It just doesn’t seem to occur to him to forward plan? We now live together and he often comments that his life is so much better now, but on my part I feel quite drained as I’m having to overcompensate by being so hyper-organised in order to head these things off. He’ll also forget really important things like his work keys or wallet etc on a regular basis. He’s a really lovely person and I do adore him, but it seems that if I ask him to do something, I have to give him really clear and specific instructions to avoid anything going wrong.   Today he was booking tickets to take us to the zoo and this involved booking train tickets. He said he’d sort it out, and when he reported back to me that he’d brought them I asked about the return journey. His face went kindof blank and he just said ‘I didn’t think about the return journey.’ I asked him to email the confirmation to me so I could sort it out and he’d also booked the tickets to the wrong station, but I know he knew which station was the right one as he’d said the correct name before he went to book them. I think he was just rushing about and didn’t really check properly? It was after this that it sortof started to click together in my head that this is possibly adhd? Please could I have some advice as to whether this seems likely?   Also, please don’t judge my partner for the above. He is the kindest person I’ve ever met, and I know he’s trying his best, he just seems to be sortof... absent minded about a lot of things
