d6330c8d952c6f6bca5b9a6d3fc11d757477231add4439825eed2f1844b7a636;;;Committing to partner with ADHD;;;So my partner (nb/22) has been diagnosed with ADHD for about a year now. They were taking Adderal, but because it was so hard on their nervous system, they stopped taking it. Currently they are unmedicated, but I have been encouraging them to get a prescription for Vyvanse for months now. We have been together for 2 years, and talked about marrying really early on in the relationship. Now, my partner will ask "When are you going to propose?", and I always respond that I don't have enough money for a ring yet, which is the truth. But another truth I haven't yet discussed is that I won't feel comfortable being engaged until I see a marked improvement/effort in certain areas of our life which are very affected by their ADHD.   The most important of these is the fact that I can't trust them to do what they promise they will do, and always end up just having to do it myself. When I bring this up to them, they say "I'm sorry I suck so much," and "Are you mad at me?" Then, instead of actually addressing my feelings, I am put in the position of having to comfort them and convince them that they don't suck, because they don't, they just struggle with executive dysfunction. Both of these responses divert the conversation from my feelings and don't actually make me feel heard at all. I am getting tired of having the same conversation over and over, which I have expressed to them.   The second is that I have had to nag them for literal months before they finally do things that improve their life/health, whether that be signing up for therapy, calling their doctor to change their ADHD meds, or going on SSRIs. All of these things would probably never have been done, or been done over the course of many years, if not for my constantly asking them to do it. I have been reminding and pleading with them to call their doctor to ask for a Vyvanse script for months now, but now that they have, they found out Vyvanse isn't covered by their insurance. I'm afraid it will take them another 3 months to call their doctor again to ask for a prior authorization, and get the Vyvanse insured. How can I believe that we can have a good, healthy life together if I am the only one advocating for them to do the things they need to do to maintain their mental health and keep their ADHD symptoms under control?   &amp;#x200B;  I haven't brought up that I feel uncomfortable proposing to them until they get a handle on certain things because I don't want to make them feel as if their ADHD makes them unlovable or unmarriable. They also just graduated from college and are transitioning into post-grad life, and I have felt like having this conversation with them might be premature, or kicking them when they're down, so to speak. But we want to be engaged in the next year, and I want to give them enough time to make the necessary changes to their life. I want to marry them, and I believe they are the love of my life. I just want our engagement to be happy and good, and I want to feel as if I am committing myself to an equal partner. I don't mind having to do more work around the house, and reminding them about things, and taking care of the more critical aspects of our lives. But I just want to feel as if we have equal stakes in this, and that they want to improve their mental health and their lifestyle as much as I do. I want to feel like we will have a good life together, and that we are both fighting equally to make that happen.   I guess I'm both looking for solidarity/other people's experiences with committing to their partners who are struggling with symptoms of ADHD, and for any advice on how to approach/word this conversation. I don't want to make them feel guilty, but I do want to impress upon them that this is very important to me, and that these decisions don't just affect them, they very powerfully affect me, too.   &amp;#x200B;  Also, this is my first post on here!! Y'all's posts have helped me so much in the past--any advice you can give would be much appreciated. &lt;3
