d690237695b113002ec12ae0beaeb938813196375c07f28a4ffbf8ea61216807;;;Back to school;;;NDX (trying to get a diagnosis?)  I have never posted here before, I’m having a lot of trouble lately supporting my husband with his back to school endeavors. He was in the military for 4 years when we met and had been attempting for the last 6 years to get a degree with his GI bill. He has been in a few different programs online and briefly worked as an EMT after going to school (in classroom) for his basic and advanced EMT license. He decided after working for a while that it wasn’t for him and never finished the Paramedic program. During all the time we have had our son and he really wants to start a career in IT and be able to work and support his family.   I know this is all long winded but I am looking for advice on how I can support him, maybe help keep him accountable for his school work? He has been in the program 6 months now, it’s an online self-paced study program, and has only finished one class. His original goal was to be completely finished in one year. I have been working OT at work for the majority of that time to help make ends meet and help to pay off both of our credit cards which racked up over the summer and Christmas. I am becoming mentally and sometimes physically exhausted with this process. I’m losing precious time with my son and am starting to become bitter that he gets to stay home and “go to school” while I feel like I’m shouldering the majority of the sacrifices for our family. I try to talk to him about how this all affects me and he gets very defensive. He knows he needs to do better, he just doesn’t. Talking might make things better for a day but then he falls back into the same habit of playing video games or just napping or watching tv during the day instead of focusing on school. I’ve tried many approaches and none have seemed to work. I was in therapy myself but really can’t afford it so I stopped. I’m just down and depressed and feel stuck with no real help. I hate the way things are right now but I can’t do this for him. Is anyone in the same boat? Any words of wisdom or advice? I love him, I want him to succeed but at what cost? My feelings and well-being seem lost in all of this and I can’t tell if I’m being selfish or not.
