d6b45bd100836b2a98ea6b913c0e999bc4094471381c923f20bba47c7c995036;;;Commitment issues and ADHD;;;I just recently stumbled upon this subreddit, and very thankful for it. I would like to seek some advice.   TLDR: boyfriend of 3 years is fearful of committing because it would entail showing me his most vulnerable side. He says he is barely responsible for himself, and is overwhelmed by the possibility of being responsible for other people (me, and if we have a child).   My boyfriend (43M) and I (36F) have been in a long distance relationship for 3 years now. We met while traveling and continued to talk even after our trip. He's funny, lovable, smart, and driven. About 6 months into the relationship, he revealed that he was diagnosed with ADHD as a child. I didn't put much stock into it because he seemed to have it all under control.  Through the years, he would flake on me and forget things he promised. Sometimes it would be a big deal, sometimes it's just things you can brush aside. Because of long distance, we have talked and communicated through it all and have been understanding of each other. While I don't have ADHD, my temper is actually very short.  Lately, we've been talking more and more about taking the relationship further. This means that I have to make the sacrifice of giving up my career (quite lucrative in my country) and restart in his. His country is mich better to relocate to, considering the location, better benefits, and his job is also quite good. We've settled on that aspect, and talked about kids as well. My stance is: I want to try, if it will be given, I'd be thankful. He initially did not want to, fearful of passing the gene, but he also wants a kid.  Just last week, he told me he is afraid of making the commitment. He says he can barely control his own condition (he has tics which he keeps under control), and he just wants to be fully relaxed when at home. When I'm with him, he says he has to stay on top of his tics 24/7, and it's exhausting to him. He says he can't see himself being responsible for himself, for me, and for a future child because he will just be so spent. He also said I will probably resent him when I see all aspects of him, of which he is embarrassed by and doesn't want to share with me.   We've spent a sufficient amount of time together, he came to ny country for 2 months, and we would spend about a week with each other every 3 months. While I see his tics when we're together, he says it's a lot of effort for him to "tame them". I've told him I want to understand his situation, and have done a fair amount of reading and researching ADHD.   He was earnest and on the verge of tears when he told me those things. I really feel he loves me and wants to be with me, but can't seem to wrap his head around the idea of sharing his condition with me. I'm heartbroken to hear that ADHD is hindering him from seeking a lifelong companion just because he is embarrassed by it.  Is this just an elaborate way of breaking up? Or is the fear of having to be exposed and vulnerable a real issue for those with ADHD? Thank you for sharing your thoughts.
