d79cb89d71426aa221229c34119c865d125b3a89ccfff94225ea44ac534e726b;;;Is this ADHD? He says it's all in my head. Can you confirm if I am crazy or not;;;It took over 5 years of marriage for me to stumble upon this explanation for my husband's difficult and puzzling behaviors. It has ripped apart our marriage and I am burnt out from being the responsible adult. When I realized that this is ADHD, I finally felt compassion for him, and gently and respectfully brought it up. He responded aggresively that this is my usual imagination and threatened to leave if I pursued it. So can you read below and tell me if this is ADHD or if I am crazy as he says?  - forgetful about routine things on a daily basis - does not complete tasks. So if there are 3 things he takes care of, he will always forget one and you never know which one it will be - he struggles to keep up with everyday demands like job, traffic, home chores, caring for the kids - has an explosive anger that bursts out very easily - has trouble following through and completing tasks - struggles to fall asleep at night, and watches extensive hours of TV before he is able to fall asleep - has trouble waking up in the morning - has trouble leaving for work, other events on time - falls asleep on the wheel if driving for longer than 45 mins - gets easily distracted - is very charming and attentive in social circles and with new people - preferred mode is to be "checked out" and hardly notices if wife or kid is in distress right in front of him (got bad news, fell) - does better with very defined, one off tasks with near deadline - poor follow through on open ended, complex, or routine tasks - when he works on his car or a DIY project, he is so focused that he forgets to say hello to his family or even eat - we never go out as a family on weekends, because even going out for lunch, he would feel exhausted and need to sleep the rest of the day or even weekend. He says he cannot do both, we have to choose - either get the weekend chores done or go out for fun - is overwhelmed by change, stays in the same job for years however unhappy he is - constantly says everything we have to do is too much, there is no time for anything, and that our life is a drag - he does not pick up after himself and his belongings are always in a mess - he has a strange way of prioritizing, most often just does the easiest tasks or the ones he enjoys - has trouble staying still. If we are discussing something and I have to step away for literally 2 mins, I come back to find that he has vanished  - I take care of important things like paying the bills because he has not been reliable about taking care of such things - he has 2 modes - buzzing around like crazy doing stuff or deep in sleep/vegetating in front of tv. No middle mode where is relaxed and doing nothing but still present and engaged - if life piles up a bit (kid gets sick, moving homes, travel etc) he gets overwhelmed and starts lashing out at me - unable to complete a task without taking an unusual amount of breaks. If I can do it in 2 hours (meal prep) he will tale all day - hates planning and organizing - becomes very unhappy when there is nothing "exciting" going on in life and things are quiet and mundane  Please tell me. Am I crazy? Or does he have ADHD?
