d8842ededaea78a77ab571c4aa6c4b95b7e706c82634f38e98f8f687ddd013d1;;;I'm really proud of myself;;;My partner (ADD, unmedicated) and I were (trying to) discussing an issue. I disagreed with his approach, and was trying to explain my reasoning and research. Little did I know, he was in no place to entertain a cerebral discussion. Out of nowhere, he became super angry and frustrated. I just left him alone because it was clear that he didn't have the bandwidth for that kind of interaction at that time.  I am finally able to see his (very infrequent) blow-ups as an ADD issue. I gave him space, and he calmed down and we proceeded to have a normal day. I'm proud of myself for not trying to force resolution, recognizing that he needed some space to self-regulate, and not taking it personally. And I'm proud of him for getting back to resolving the issue and eventually fixing the problem on his own.
d8842ededaea78a77ab571c4aa6c4b95b7e706c82634f38e98f8f687ddd013d1;;;Perfect timing to rip a room apart!;;;Me - neurotypical, DH - DX, unmedicated, in therapy.  So here we are, a few days before Xmas, and me being the planner gets the majority of the gift wrapping and that kind of stuff. No biggie, but DH wants to do a house project. I get him to at least have a brief conversation with me today to make sure we were on the same page. He goes back to cleaning/organizing since he has the day off. Late afternoon, I run out to get groceries for the next week.  I come home and he's got my kids' bedroom literally torn apart. I'm putting away the food and making dinner at the same time, and I can hear him cursing and hammering away. He gets to a stopping point where he announces that painting is the next step. I haven't walked in to see what kind of peripheral damage was done.  Now, painting was not on my radar, nor was doing this project TODAY. I'll be out of the house most of the day tomorrow due to other obligations and can't be there to help - and he knows this. And then there are the piles of gifts to wrap and cards to drop off for our postal worker/trash company/etc. - you know, all the things I do and he doesn't. I was also not planning to take off work (he's on vaca this whole week). But I'm the painter, and if I leave it to him, he'll make a huge mess and do a shitty job.  Sigh. He doesn't understand how/why I didn't KNOW that he was doing it today since he said 'he wanted it to get done soon'.   I am pretty numb from this behavior (I'll just roll with it), but I figured y'all could have a laugh. I feel like we need a sitcom where the characters' tag line is 'That's SOOOO ADD!'.
