db92d09c640514f6734f3e7c1b9e793806170c616d78e5b353c36df45b9d5fbe;;;My ADHD ex girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me.;;;Disclaimer: I'm not blaming ADHD but it did play a part.  I just need to vent.  We lived together for 1.5 years.  It's been two weeks since she broke up with me. I'm still learning to accept the reality of the break up. I'm still probably in the denial phase but it almost came out of nowhere. It all started 3 days before she asked for a break. We were both laying in bed just relaxing but she kept on looking at me like she wanted to talk about something. At first she said it was nothing but then she started talking about how she was feeling weird. (throughout our 3 years together she had periods of really low points, when she felt everything was awful and the ADHD was winning) but then after she started talking about how our relationship was starting to feel weird. One thing led to another and I asked her if she was thinking about breaking up and she said No. She said that we should talk about it some other time. Since that moment I started to do a lot of search on ADHD and relationship and just ADHD in general. Since before we started dating she told me she had ADHD but I never really looked into it. She vaguely told me what ADHD was and I took her word for it. (That was the first time I heard about ADHD) After researching I learned a lot! Most of what I was reading/watching felt like they were talking about her. I also learned that I was doing a lot of wrong things when it comes to how to deal with people with ADHD. I discovered that some of our problems were based around ADHD. A recurring problem was housework. I'm not the cleanest person ever but sometimes I was not comfortable with the level of mess that we had in our apartment. I discovered that ADHD had a huge part on that. After reading so many testimonies of people with ADHD everything started to make sense. With all this new knowledge 3 days later I finally continued the talk about our relationship. I was super excited and optimistic about the information I was sharing with her. I never intentionally made her feel bad but I apologized to her if I ever made her feel less because of her ADHD. She started crying and told me that it meant a lot to her. We have always talk about our problems to each other but we have never actually sat down and figured out a way to work on them. I told her that this time with my new understanding of ADHD we can actually work on them. I was not trying to "fix" or "cure" her just work with the ADHD to make things a little bit more easier to manage. But to my surprise she told me that she needed time to think about our future. Initially I told her that I didn't want a break. But she insisted and we did. I was really taken by surprise. 4 days into the break she calls me so we can talk in person and.... she broke up with me. She told me that she doesn't feel the same way about me as she did in the beginning of the relationship. So that was that.  I say that it almost came out of nowhere because up until the day of the first "talk" we were playful and our goofy weird way towards each other. Now I'm not trying to make it sound like our relationship was all sunshine and rainbows. We had problem just like any other relationship and I have to be honest the last 2 months I neglected our relationship because of work. We were both pretty anxious people the last couple of days. Close friends that I've talked to and some family members also agree that most of the problems we had could have been worked on. Just yesterday curiosity got the best of me and I was checking through some old texts from my old phone (Old phone has messages from her up until October. I completely deleted her for my new phone) And one of the last messages she send me was a bunch of heart emojis and her telling me how excited she is to come home to be with me. I didn't have to look back that far through the messages and there was a lot of "I love you!!", "I miss you!!", heart emojis, and cute nicknames we had for each other. She broke up with me mid December. Was she faking it? Was she forcing herself to love me?  One of the things I read about people with ADHD is that they get bored and lose all interest in a partner once that new relationship feeling is gone. Our relationship wasn't new but it was our first LTR. Love changes throughout a relationship maybe the changes freaked her out and us haven't felt like that before she might have mistake that for being out of love. I saw it as a opportunity to grow stronger as individuals and partners. (She also warned me 3 months ago that she was going to start taking a new prescription that the first weeks were going to make her really happy and then there was going to be a extremely sad period. I have a feeling that clouded her judgment.) But maybe she just got bored of me.  When I explained her ADHD to people their unanimous reaction was that it must be exhausting to deal with day to day. But in all honesty I never felt that way. Obviously it was frustrating at times but she never felt like a burden to me. She was impulsive, disorganized, and distracted but she was my impulsive, disorganized, and distracted love.  I'm currently trying to accept the reality of things but it's really difficult because I honestly thought I was going to grow old with this beautiful person. Some day I feel good like I'm starting to move on but some other days I just miss her like hell.
