dbd0244721df23762dd968a2f8958e641d69b738c7def98c94c5e362a4a081f9;;;Are we breaking up?;;;So my (F/50) Dx unmediated ADHD Bf (M/40) has been mean &amp; critical the past few weeks.  I’d put this down to his normal ADHD cycle, but it’s gotten so that I have to bite back to stop him on his tracks.  Otherwise he gets off on a tangent that escalates things.    Usually after little snips like this, we give each other space then just come back to each other, be affectionate and recognize what just happened.  Usually we get over it. The past 2 weeks had been hard as little miscommunications have flared up, compounding the situation.  Just to be clear, he’s unmediated and copes with cigarettes, weed &amp; energy drinks.  We’ve tried to get into a therapist but with COVID, it’s been hard.    Tonight he got drunk and high, then decided to discuss the possibility of him renting another place right next to his work citing that this would help him have access to his workspace (it’s next door), he can roll out of bed &amp; he could work his way to a better position with the boss as he says “by renting the place” from him. He also said he was doing it to get 24/7 access to his workspace so he can work on cars with his tools nearby.   He’s a mechanic &amp; in the past has bought/sold cars, making money off it in another state.  He makes a decent wage &amp; he contributes rent as I own my own condo, it’s worked out so far tho he complains there’s not a lot of space.  As you can imagine it’s a one unit condo with downstairs parking, but not any room to be piling 5 cars in various stages of work.  I knew the single room house next door to his work was tempting for him, I used to live in that city &amp; have no desire to really go back, not to mention I can’t rent out my condo (the HOA has reached the limit for units renting out), I can’t Airbnb it (against the rules) &amp; I’m not planning to sell soon.  When we met he was working about 10 miles away but has since changed jobs twice.  He actually got this current job as I encouraged him to quit the last one.   I’m currently unemployed &amp; with COVID have not been rushing back to work, I support myself so it was clear from the start that our living together wasn’t a situation where he’s supporting me financially.  As I’m older, I’ve also had more time to save etc   I don’t expect him to do chores but since we have a small space, I’m fairly organized &amp; I bear the usual issues neurotypical partners do.  I pretty much do all the cooking/cleaning.  When he got drunk &amp; high tonight he admitted he did it to be able to broach the subject with me.  But after 2 weeks of being his punching bag, I’m not in the most receptive of moods.  I said maybe we should talk about it when you’re not drunk/high, but he insisted that if we don’t now he’s probably going to have a hard time broaching it.  So we did. He insisted at first that he wants us to move there together even if he had to pay rent at both places, I said I felt that he would grow resentful of that, it would drive a wedge between us &amp; it feels like he’s just slow walking me to a move. There are other reasons I hesitate, I’m fairly stable where I am &amp; it turns out he hadn’t even discussed the possibility of more responsibility, more money or promotions with the powers that be.  The current tenant is a co-worker of his, and that guy was never given access to the work building.   In short, I felt that the impetus for this is really for him to get space to work on cars.  When this first came up months ago, I asked him if he thought of moving there and he said no.  But now he’s saying he feels he has to do it, I’m confused that he’s gone back and forth.    Additionally he doesn’t save money at all, so with no funds saved, I would have to fully fund a move and deal with the aftermath of leaving my condo, I’m not even on the waiting list to be on a spot to rent out.  I would absolutely consider this if he was up for a promotion, or was being given more money at work (both of these are to his arguments about being close by helping him get in a better position with the boss), or if he had saved money so we could plan it out &amp; he can actually start buying/selling cars.  He has a bunch of things in his home state he never finished selling online that I’m baffled as to how suddenly this merits a move.  This all escalated to him puking and crying and saying he knows he doesn’t deserve me, that I’m better off without him, that he could never give me what I deserve and that he hates not being able to provide for me.  I’ve never ever chastised him for not providing (it wasn’t even a thing) but more I wanted him to be careful of his spending so we could actually eventually make plans.  Last but not least, last Feb 2020 I found out he cheated on me by going to hookers, after asking if he could delay his share of expenses.  It had been a bit rocky over Xmas 2019, we were 5 months into a relationship &amp; my brother died.  He asked to stay and I agreed under conditions we agreed to ie transparency, him getting medicated &amp; seeing a therapist etc then when the pandemic hit a month after, the time we had together brought us closer.  Even if it did make it harder to get a therapist, I’ve been really careful to choose one &amp; didn’t want to just get him in with a doctor I felt wasn’t a good fit.   In a way I felt that was when the relationship really started, prior to that I didn’t really understand the magnitude of ADHD, we both read Orlov books &amp; had hours upon hours of talking about it. I had to relearn things as did he, it was a painful price to pay to be honest but I felt like I was finally seeing him.    Now he seems agitated &amp; frustrated that he can’t make more money doing the same thing he used to, but giving me reasons like he wants to gain more stature in the company when he won’t even join them for a team lunch is absurd.  I asked him point blank if he was trying to break up with me because the way he pushed just made it feel like I’d have to bear the burden of all this change, he said he wasn’t but as he got into puking and crying, he was all I don’t deserve you, I’ll never live up to what you need, you’re better off without me etc.  I feel like when dudes say these things it’s not so much self pity and lamentation but more a justification for what they’re about to do ie break up with you, or do things to force you to break up with them.  But as he is ADHD &amp; in his youth had oppositional defiance disorder, I’m trying not to be rash.   I’m a little OCD (undiagnosed) myself &amp; I need order and cleanliness to function, he’s told me to keep telling him to pick up after himself &amp; I’ve had to train myself to be that blunt.  It’s hard for me as I’m sensitive having grown up with a verbally &amp; physically abusive mother, but I took him at his word &amp; try to just work with him.   I’m so befuddled with all the crying and drunkenness that I need some kind and lucid perspective.  I know “just break up” responses are often given, I’m not afraid of that but I don’t want to throw us away either.   TLDR: my ADHD unmediated bf M40 wants to rent another place for us to move to, then got drunk and high, then that escalated into what seems like a prelude to a break up.  Are we breaking up?
