dd76338dde1216278a4cf1629a644a90e9f37fb246c1ba505a4b422f32cc02d5;;;Dealing with lack of attention;;;What is the best way to communicate with a partner who has a tendency to not respond/forget about you during a panic or anxiety attack? Several times I will be experiencing a panic attack and texting her that I am freaking out and i’m reaching out for her but she’ll go MIA and not respond.  In situations where she is panicking I know that she would not like this, I asked her if she would like it if I did the same to her and she said no.  This keeps happening and makes me feel extremely unwanted and uncared for. I recognize that a lot of my previous relationships play into these feelings and when I’m panicking I only see the negative and my fears lie to me.  Especially when I am panicking I do not see things in the best light.   I’ve known this woman for 12 years. Nothing else she does tells me that she doesn’t care for me, quite the opposite.   She was diagnosed only a few months ago and so I currently have no idea how to better communicate with her in ways that are better for her now that I know. and I have asked her what some good ways for me to express my feelings to her but she doesn’t know.   When she takes adderall she seems to be able to communicate with me in ways that I’ve never gotten from her before. Straight up able to communicate easily and tell me things that she fears as well as that she cares and worries for me.  I do feel a little guilty when she takes adderall and I love that she can tell me that she cares for me so easily.   The thing I’m currently struggling with is... how do I deal with this feeling of imbalance? I feel like that I will set down what I’m doing and make sure she is okay if I know that she is panicking; however, if I tell her that I’m panicking she will stop responding part way through and leave me.  She told me to tell her when she’s forgotten to respond, but I still feel forgotten and lonely when she tells me she was playing Minecraft and so didn’t respond.  I do not know the best ways to communicate with people with ADHD. There are many many other things in our lives that are great and wonderful and I do not want this to be a slander piece on her, I simply want to know if there is a way that I can communicate better to help solve this issue.  Any advice would be greatly appreciated
