df6976b9f91f8ffb76198ed88a4ff73c282d8287645a2020098d88402ceb5f0b;;;How can I get my ADHD partner back into the habit of showing interest in my day-to-day life?;;;My partner is NDX. I have asked him to revisit things he used to do, such as showing interest in how my day went or how I'm feeling. I constantly do this for him, but he has a hard time remembering to do it for me. It only took a couple months for him to stop asking me to expand on my experiences, interests, or dreams. And man, we used to talk for HOURS about just about anything. If I didn't tell him about my goals for the future or what I'm excited/nervous about, I am confident he wouldn't ever ask again unless it was obvious to him that something is wrong. I'm afraid to even test this theory because thats not going to solve anything, anyway. I want to be invited to talk about my day, because otherwise, he may show signs of disinterest or tiredness, especially after coming back from work. I've experienced a lot of rejection in this relationship to things he used to love doing, so this almost constant disconnectedness is too much to bear. Even if he has had hours to do his own thing, he's usually content enough with just watching a show with me and then falling asleep. I've scheduled 2 days out of the week called "intimacy time" where we just lay down together with no distractions, but very little verbal or physical intimacy happens other than cuddling. I'm tired of being the one that has to initiate the conversations about how I'm doing and how life is treating me. I still do it anyway because I'm not one to give up on anything. And I want to share my life with him. I don't play mind-games in relationships. As soon as we went steady, he got very comfortable with doing the bear minimum. He swears up and down that his love for me hasn't gone anywhere (and I believe him 100%). He just doesn't have an explanation for this lack of initiative. His usual response is typically a shoulder shrug and "I don't know why, thats just how I am".  I also assume (beside it being typical ADHD behavior) its because he thinks I share everything he "needs to know", which is valid, but I think showing interest in your partners life is very important for so many reasons. Especially because he was able to express it before, so I see no reason to just let such a healthy habit (that aligns with my needs) go away because its an ADHD-related situation. I respect his perspective and motives in life. But I have issues with abandonment and feeling like I'm being too clingy/talkative, so to once in a while be given the sentiment "I want you to express yourself right now" would be very rewarding. I have my own mental health journey I'm working on with a therapist and this would be really, really great for me to have in our relationship. Somewhat unrelated, but another reason this frustration comes up is because I have agreed to take on pretty much most of the household chores, and I feel like the least he can do (because he doesn't do much by my permission) is tend to the emotional and sexual aspects of our relationship. Sex life is getting better, but there's so much work to be done with everything. I don't know. I feel like an inconvenience and its hard to see whether or not he's improving because he isn't vocal about it. Its not obvious to me he is trying unless he is consistent. I've recently implemented positive reinforcement when he does things I need, so I'm going to keep practicing this. Trying not to treat my partner like a lab rat, but he must understand that there will be methods he must try, and its about finding out what does and doesn't work if he cares about a long-lasting relationship with me (anyone, for that matter). Just don't know where to start with giving someone advice that responds to almost everything with "I don't know. This is just who I fundamentally am."
