e15962f28c1e488f24be2772cf99a82e6bc0fd00be63d80f5b03821b7be99a22;;;We had The Talk;;;Last night my SO(dx/not medicated) and I had The Talk about where our relationship is going.   He told me that he doesn't feel loved for who he is. He wants and needs unconditional love from his partner and that I don't make him feel that way. That he would rather separate and find someone else who loves him just the way he is, "imperfections" and all.   We've discussed this in the past- how my love for him is not enough, how I am not showing it correctly, and I've tried to explain that I love my children unconditionally but not my partner. Four years ago I just broke- mentally and emotionally- and I dropped the rope of being his mother, of putting his welfare and preferences above my own. I started putting my energy into myself and working on myself.  I took self improvement classes through my work. I started to learn how to communicate better, and started healing my own shit.   At this point ADHD wasn't part of the conversation.  It wasn't until our son (dx/medicated) began to really struggle with school that I went down this rabbit hole. I did not expect to discover all of this. I thought that I was alone.  Our problems were unique to US. We were special in our dysfunction.   Except we aren't.  There are so many of us in the same boat, fighting with the same impossible situations, strung out and lonely.  All facing the same lack of awareness and meager resources and all struggling to make sense of a story that is just beginning to be told. I guess that's the way I frame it...that ADHD research and canon is still in it's infancy and the cold hard relationship facts are still being discovered.    My SO knows that his brain is different.  But at 45 he is unwilling or unable to see how that difference effects his everyday life. 3 months ago during one of our talks I set a boundary- that he needed to research ADHD instead of just telling me how I am wrong when I bring it up. I explained how I felt like I stumbled upon a gold mine of information and support, and since it also affects our children that I needed him to be able to have these conversations with me.    He didn't research. He doesn't want to.  He'd rather find somebody else- someone who nurtures instead of reading. A woman who will take care of him without question, who will never tally up the cost to herself first. Who doesn't put a price on love.  A partner who is content to flit from note to note and doesn't need to understand the song.  There is sting in this decision, but there is grace too.  This feels honest, at least.
e15962f28c1e488f24be2772cf99a82e6bc0fd00be63d80f5b03821b7be99a22;;;The bad days keep adding up;;;I just need to vent.  My SO (diagnosed) will not change. He will never 'grow up'. He's not going to magically become more trustworthy or responsible with age or experience. I have to stop thinking/hoping this way. I need to accept that this is always the way things will be and then step back and review my boundaries.    I am writing this from the passenger seat as we start day 2 of a much anticipated vacation.  Fuck. I say vacation but it's clear that I will not be getting any rest or relaxation. I am here to Shepard my two actual children and my adult ADHD "partner" through the joys of a trip to the beach.  Can't find your shit? Ask your wife. Don't know how to get there? Ask your wife.  Don't know the capital of the state you're in? Ask your wife and then argue when she tells you the answer.    This the petty shit. I feel bad talking about the real stuff. The big stuff like gambling away the Christmas money, or texting/searching your phone while driving and screaming at me when I call you on it, or not listening when I say no. Never ever ever leaving me alone. Never dreaming of a trip or a weekend that doesn't involve me picking up the pieces of your chaos, even when I beg to be solo. "Well i will just be in the other room" is his idea of alone time for me, but he gets weekends and whole days every week to be solo. He does nothing with his me time. He sits on his ass in front of the tv.   I've created a system where i am everyone's emotional support animal and I get nothing in return.  Whose fault is that? Just mine.   Every day I wake up and try to make the best of things.  The bad days are getting worse.  I am trying to keep it together for the kids, but I can't last much longer.    "Relax! I've got this" he says, although I can count on my fingers the number of times that you actually have got this. Relationships are built on trust,  respect,  and shared purpose, and we only have the last one.
