e218d89ef5b6782d14bfe024158745e19127353b2336cca6fdafdf6aafee9657;;;A rollercoaster already... is it worth it?;;;Please help! Need advice on how to continue.  I have been dating my boyfriend (30, diagnosed and medicated for over a decade) for two years now and we have two young children together. Our relationship started out as FWB and we got along great and had a lot of fun together... he ended up moving out of state and we stayed in contact and ended up getting pregnant on one drunken night. We decided I would move there to give the relationship a shot for the sake of our child and we had always gotten along so well.  I knew about his ADHD from the beginning and his messiness, forgetfulness, and distractibility never bothered me (and honestly, still dont). I appreciated who he was for being a fun, affectionate, giving man. However, due to the nature of how our relationship started and his struggle to settle down, I have really struggled to trust him and feel safe- like I can count on him. He's extremely impulsive, reckless, and lacks self control. Hes defensive and angry at even the slightest perceived conflict. He also has a bit of a wandering eye... i always catch him staring at other attractive women right in front of me. One year ago, after a fight, I went back home to visit my family. While I was gone he went out to the bar and went home with someone. He told me right away and expressed deep regret and remorse for his actions and promised to do whatever he needed to do to fix our relationship.  I thought of leaving right away and moving back to where I consider home but it hurt me to take my son away from his dad (he is a great dad) and felt like I would regret not trying to work it out and keep my family together. We went to a counselor for several months and lots of promises were made but I still see the behaviors that I believe led to his cheating. We ended up getting pregnant again a couple months after his cheating (we are so fertile and we were using multiple forms of birth control).  I now have a 2 year old and a 4 month old in a state where I have no friends or family and I have struggled with post partum depression. I feel like he is never in a place to provide support or empathy to me and I feel like he is my third child. We fight all the time and I feel like I am constantly walking on eggshells. He gets defensive and explosively angry all the time. I'm tired, drained, depressed and so lonely.   I only recently discovered that the ADHD was also the cause of his impulsivity, lack of emotional regulation and self control issues. It was a bit of a "lightbulb" moment but it was also so defeating. I feel selfish for even thinking this but I'm already exhausted at what has transpired over the past two years and knowing that the reason behind all of our problems is a neurological condition... I dont know that I can bear the weight of it any longer.  I truly do love him and appreciate the good qualities he has but I feel like I can't trust him or feel safe until he gets intense therapy for some of these issues and I'm already empty. My kids are my first priority and I feel like I cant be at my best when he is taking so much of my focus.   Can anyone relate to these feelings? Am I selfish or wrong for feeling exhausted just thinking about being with him for the rest of my life? I'd love some input as I feel I am alone and dont know where to go from here.
