e2d797e66626ce87fe0a42aacf0838179801c82beec30e85c167d11d03d8dbed;;;this was a bad one and I am scared;;;it’s long and i expect no one to bother i just needed it somewhere   We both have ADHD. I have CPTSD from a combo of things and he has recentish trauma resulting in PTSD symptoms that aren’t totally differentiateable from really bad ADHD symptoms. He claims he didn’t have before that which idk if i believe because there was also child abuse. So I know it’s complicated. I know.   He’s getting help but I don’t know if I can survive waiting til he can change his behavior.   He just shuts down and gets so mean. So fucking mean, eye rolling, dismissive, scoffing at me, he told me i was faking it, I was ridiculous, he will say anything, he will accuse me of anything, he will say things that are quantifiably untrue are true, he becomes so illogical the arguments he makes for himself are so fucking obscene i want to rip my skin off out of frustration.   I was finally having a nervous breakdown and anyone with a heart would have been able to see i was having a severe panic attack. I was essentially back in my childhood room with my piece of shit undiagnosed ADHD mother who couldnt be reasoned with and accused me of everything. A place I felt so trapped and so hopeless and so alone, i tried to kill myself for the first time when I was 11.   I escaped that life and made so many strides- away from self harm or blaming myself so much. But since being faced with this behavior I have done things to myself out of despair and frustration and hopelessness and self-loathing - i don’t want to blame anyone for how i feel but it’s his behavior that activates it. It’s the only new catalyst. What i’ve done during these moments, I feel so much shame over them that at this point i am afraid to go back to therapy because idk how i’m gonna look anyone in the face and say it. No one has ever been so indifferent and cold to me like this except an emotionally abusive teenage bf and my mother.   He is normally a good man but today i tried to really sincerely “find my out” because i couldn’t understand what id done to deserve how he was treating me and i just had to assume this is how everyone is - it’s how my family was, a very close but toxic friend. How it’s always gonna be. I just assume I deserve it and thus i’m so inherently bad that I should just do everyone a favor. Or that he doesn’t love me as much as he prefers his intact ego. i know how adhd makes us but there has to be a limit? i don’t want to blame him but i am afraid if i keep excusing it...  My brain knows there is some unfairness, some injustice, some disconnect but I can’t make that understanding trump the other and I can’t stop myself from the rollercoaster of reacting and the frustration of knowing the incongruence, between my reality and the one he presents, that he’s willing to present me that reality, it breaks me.  I’m reading the books, i do all the research, i know and am learning the stuff i am trying but i can’t always be the better one, I’m naturally strong but also very fragile and being treated like this knocks me down for days, weeks and I don’t even think he realizes it.   I’ve been trying to tell him how depressed i’ve been since the last time he did this to me but i don’t think he can even integrate that information. Feeling like he’ll never be able to think “she is sick” and treat me more gently makes me feel so hopeless. I’m not asking for carte blanche to do as i please, i try so hard to make sure i answer for my bullshit, but i even said “I am reacting right now but i can’t stop myself and something else is going on and i need some help from you “ and even that, still his feelings take supremacy. I feel like nothing I do, short of being a different person with a different brain, with anyone, is ever gonna matter. because all they’ll hear is the reaction i can’t help and any apology or explanation after just isn’t gonna matter. It makes me feel doomed and irreparably broken.  Knowing he can’t integrate “she is sick” (which i am able to do for him, so 2xadhd trap of “i can, why can’t you?”) makes me frightened that no one is ever gonna treat me with kid gloves or cut me slack when i need it. I try not to be taxing on anyone and i give up my anger or sadness plenty just to comfort him, the second he cries i just shed what i felt so i can rush to him. He will still scream in my face while i am sobbing.   i just feel like that’s never going to be for me. I am never going to get that type of understanding when it counts. He is never gonna be the first to apologize. He will never see the primary emotion to my reaction, even if i point it out to him, he will only see how wronged he has been by my often justified hurt or unjustified but brief, raw fear. Even when he’s done wrong he will never cop to it. It was always be equally if not entirely my fault. I admit it when I start it, when it is my fault, so why give me more than my fair share? i know he was reacting but if i can stop at least enough to communicate why can’t he why am i not worth that effort  I try to have empathy and see reactions for what they are and treat the. with kindness and patience, I don’t want to stop doing that for people but i am starting to feel like a stooge for doing it if it’s not going to be reciprocated. I am his partner and today the fact that he couldn’t be mine, he converted to my torturer, to being my mocking, sneering mother - it almost killed me. My mental health isn’t his fault or responsibility but i wouldn’t have approached feeling that way or ever thought to do what I did if it weren’t for how triggering that cruel and illogical sneering, like going from feeling safe and loved to feeling like less than nothing, like i’m bad.   I wouldn’t even have felt the way i did when I reacted if it hadn’t been for how down i’ve felt the last week after the last time he did this to me.   I just want to feel protected like I protect him and instead I increasingly feel like we are born to die alone with a few scattered onlookers.  I lied to the hospital so I wouldn’t get committed but i truly don’t know if i did the right thing because i feel frightened of myself and so paralyzed this, reddit, is the most self care i feel capable of right now. I can’t stop feeling worthless. I wish it didn’t matter to me so much but it just pressed every sore spot on my entire being as they’ve all been throbbing as of late and i just feel dead inside.
