e351e7e4d8785c296a44ea6942b8c685b1a0f568b6e4ac49babf2b21ab7a8321;;;2 Steps Forward, 1 Step Back;;;Last night, my husband and I had a great conversation about what we could work on to make our relationship better. He said I could be more positive (I’ve been being kind of negative lately with not liking my job and not really having any idea what I want to do with my life), and I gave him a few things I thought he could work on. We both took the constructive criticism in stride and agreed with each other’s assessments of the other person.  Well..... tonight, we had dinner, ate cheesecake (working on making this a tradition), watched How I Met Your Mother, and played monopoly (a tradition on New Year’s Eve in our house, mostly because I don’t play monopoly with him any other time since it makes me so angry). This monopoly game was actually finished without me screaming about how badly he was beating me.  After we finished monopoly, I wanted to turn on Dick Clark’s New Years Rockin’ Eve (a tradition when I still lived at home with my parents that I miss greatly). However, he wasn’t ready to, so we watched 2 more episodes on HIMYM and then went over to ABC for the Rockin’ Eve. My husband spent the entire time on his phone, not paying any attention to the show.   Then, the one performance I had been waiting for started. And my husband decided to sing along, which is fine, but he isn’t the most quiet singer. So, I couldn’t hear the performance. I told him I couldn’t hear, to either please stop or turn it up. I said that about 3 or 4 times before he finally turned it up, but his singing got LOUDER. I still couldn’t hear. So, I asked again if he could turn it up or sing more softly because I still couldn’t hear. He didn’t acknowledge me or anything, so I said it in a more frustrated tone, and he got mad at me and left the room.  He said that I was doing something that he thought I’d never do and going against something that he fell in love with me for (being okay with him singing/talking during shows and movies) by asking him to stop singing (I wasn’t asking him to stop, just to sing more softly). I told him that I understood why he was upset and asked if he understood why I was. He said he would never understand 😪.   Midnight came around and he gave me a kiss and went to bed, so I’m just sitting in the living room in tears. This is not how I wanted to bring in the new year....
e351e7e4d8785c296a44ea6942b8c685b1a0f568b6e4ac49babf2b21ab7a8321;;;Shoe Search;;;Does anyone else have a hard time going shopping with their partner? My husband (ADHD) and I went to find him a pair of shoes today. Every time we go shopping (specifically for shoes), he gets SOOOOOO particular about every single shoe. This one is hugging my foot, this one goes too far down on the sides, this one has memory foam (WHAT). And we can just throw fashion out the window. Thankfully, today, we found a pair that’s comfortable and perfect for what he needs them for in a reasonable amount of time, but usually, we’re shopping for hours and still leave with nothing. He’s just SO picky.
e351e7e4d8785c296a44ea6942b8c685b1a0f568b6e4ac49babf2b21ab7a8321;;;Getting Back on Medication;;;My husband has ADHD and hasn’t taken medication consistently in several years. He initially stopped taking it when he was trying to join the Navy. That didn’t end up working out, but he decided to remain off meds through most of college. During his senior year (we had been together almost 3 years, and he actually proposed in Disney during the short time he was back on meds), he decided to get back on them, but he was only on them for a short time. He didn’t like how much he relied on them and how all the work he had put into himself (his focus, his patience, his anger) had just gone out the window. So, he quickly stopped taking them. It’s been almost 3 years, and he’s wanting to try and get back on them, because his ADHD symptoms are affecting his job (and our relationship a little). I’m wondering if anyone has gone through this and what steps were taken to get back on meds. I know we need to find a psychologist of some sort, but we don’t know exactly what we need to be looking for (let’s be honest, I’ll be the one looking lol, so any advice would be super helpful). If you happen to live in Nashville and have recommendations for a doctor, that would be amazing! Thank you so much I’m advance.
