e3d309e6f5a2d5989365e59293d81aaa08d654f68488a12ac78ab2082580b117;;;How to avoid frustration;;;How to avoid frustration at their lack of trying when you experience the same/very similar symptoms from other conditions and manage it far better?  I just can't feel empathetic for my partner when they struggle with executive dysfunction, time blindness and hyperfixations because I also experience those things but manage them effectively, completely unmedicated. I have ASD and PTSD, which causes lots of ADHD symptoms, but I damn well manage because as a woman, I've never had a choice, I've always had to manage, long before I was diagnosed!!  On that note, how in the hell am I supposed to navigate their want for spontaneity and lack of routine with my NEED for structure and routine? Part of managing my mental health so well is structure and routine and when we're together, they just leave me in limbo, never knowing what's going on until it's already happening. They can't even plan a simple dinner without getting lost scrolling through their phone and I'm not able to cope with this. My mental health is suffering when I'm around them.  The funny thing is, I've heard structure is great for ADHD folks so why do they insist that their way is better, that living in chaos is functional when it's clearly not?? I've tried to talk to them about this but I don't think any of it is going in, I don't think they care enough to TRY to introduce structure. It seems like any coping skills I suggest that have helped me with these symptoms they experience, all the help I try to give either doesn't go in, or they try once and then give up when it's not easy. Please, I'm going to lose my Shit.
e3d309e6f5a2d5989365e59293d81aaa08d654f68488a12ac78ab2082580b117;;;How to not get frustrated;;;As a non ADHD partner, how can I better handle frustrations around phone use? It can be difficult and discouraging when I'm talking and he (DX, untreated) pulls out his phone to scroll. He'll tell me he's still listening, but sometimes he'll get distracted by what he's looking at and won't process what I'm saying and this can be difficult for me to experience.  I'm a very social person and engaged conversation is very important to me, it hurts when I talk for even a single minute and then he pulls his phone out. I understand it's a stimulation thing but there are other methods of self stimulating for conversation (I would know, I have ASD and a lot of ADHD traits).   It's not that I mind him scrolling through social media for a bit of downtime, we all do it, it's just how it's his default whenever I start talking, even if I was just making a short comment about something. It stings and makes me feel unimportant and like he doesn't value what I say.
