e4ed26d429c111c476f73a1c94ff6e1cde87e9fa0d07d7f8c73aed0a11598fda;;;Wondering if there is still hope...;;;My husband was diagnosed with ADHD at age 6.  We’ve been together for over 4 years and married for 1. We’re both in our late 20s/early 30s. I do not have ADHD. I am a physician, I know I understand the disease from a medical standpoint, but I do not know how it feels to physically struggle with ADHD. I cannot determine how much of his actions and behavior is secondary to this diagnosis and what I should be doing differently to help support him. He had been trying to wean down and off of his ADHD medication for about 6 months now, but recently changed work locations to an office that is busier, so he has been taking his medication more frequently.  He spends his time laying on the couch watching TV from the moment he walks in the door after work until he gets in bed at night. On the weekends, he will lay on the couch for 2 days straight, alternating watching tv with napping. We recently purchased a house, and he constantly belittles me for the amount of belongings I have. It’s taken a few months to get moved in, which I thought was normal. He has been having meltdowns about still having boxes in the garage or items in the hallway. This started the first week we moved in. He gets extremely angry with clutter, unless it’s his own, of which then he ignores it. He leaves garbage everywhere except in the garbage can. I spend time every day picking up his dirty clothes that are strewn throughout every room of the house. I do the majority of the cooking, the grocery shopping, and all the cleaning. He has helped with laundry twice, both times only halfway completing it, but he made sure I know that he was the one who did the laundry that day so he can rub it in my face the next time I ask for help with chores. Same with cooking...suddenly him making one meal every 2 weeks equates to him saying that he does the majority of the cooking. Aside from the day we moved in, he has not once helped to unpack or put things away. I have occasionally asked for help and mentioned that I’ve done most of the unpacking on my own. He makes sure I know that this is because it is mostly “my” belongings, most of which are totally useless and should be thrown away, and because of this, he shouldn’t have to help unpack. When he says “my belongings”, he is referencing my clothes, shoes, house decorations, furniture...but also includes regular household items I would consider necessities like plates, dishes, bowls, etc. I say this as objectively as possible... we have no more items in our home than the average person does. He has told me several times that I am practically a hoarder, and has made me feel guilty to the point that I have thrown away items that meant a lot to me that I now realize I can never get back.  Shortly after moving in, I decided to open boxes in the garage and empty them into piles in the main living area organized based on where the items belonged. I planned to empty a bunch of boxes at once and then move each pile to the respective room so I could put everything away more efficiently. I had been working so hard to put everything away (largely due to his constant complaining) and was spending entire weekends and weeknights working on the house. When he saw that I had made piles on the floor, he was enraged and belittled me for 10 minutes about how everything I unpacked was useless and all I was doing was ruining/cluttering the house. I sat quietly (honestly in shock) the majority of the time. I tried to explain my approach, and my frustration of working long hours but still spending all of my free time on chores and the house. My side wasn’t understandable to him.  We have 2 dogs and decided years ago that we would always take turns walking the dogs. This became an issue when we lived in an apartment complex and my turn would fall late at night. I expressed concerns about walking the dogs alone in the dark, late at night. Even my mom and his own mother told him this was not okay, and he needed to be walking them if it was after 10pm. He continues to ignore the concerns, and will pitch a fit if I don’t take them when it is “my turn”. We currently don’t have a fenced yard and have neighbors very close on either side. He prefers to open the back door and let the dogs run wherever they want, and hopefully go to the bathroom. I always walk them on their leashes not in peoples yards, because I think it’s disrespectful to our neighbors to let the dogs run in and use the bathroom in their yards. I’ve expressed this to him several times but he refuses to exert the minimal effort it takes to walk them on a leash. Earlier this week, I walked the dogs after dinner, and 15 minutes after I had brought them back in, our one dog started crying to go outside again. I looked at him like it was his turn to go. He started immediately on how I am lazy, didn’t walk them enough, needed and go back and walk them again correctly because he wouldn’t be taking them outside again that night. So I did, came inside, and excused myself from being around him for the remainder of the night. Tonight, it was his turn to walk the dogs, of which he did his usual...opened the door, let them out, stood in the doorway and yelled at them until he got tired of standing there so he called them back inside. Our dog starts crying 10 minutes after coming back inside to go back out. I very calmly mentioned that this had happened earlier in the week but with opposite roles (and different levels of effort), and that I felt he should put them on the leash and walk them so they could go. He started yelling over and over about how lazy I am, how annoying I am, all I do is bother him and won’t just leave him alone. I asked him why he was so angry and told him I didn’t appreciate him belittling me, but he just continued to yell about how seemingly terrible I am. I walked the dogs and again excused myself from being around him for the rest of the evening. After the prior dog incident, he said he felt that he was having anger because of restarting his ADHD medicine. He also apologized after the first time and recognized that he was hurtful and mean. Tonight, he said that he only ever apologizes to get me to shut up, and he didn’t mean what he said when he apologized the other day. There’s been many more situations that have been similar. He was horrible throughout the duration of planning our wedding. When I decided to go back to school, he resented me for spending money on tuition. He was not supportive whatsoever, and would get angry when I spent time studying or on homework. To the point where I would wait until he fell asleep so I could do my homework overnight in peace.  I don’t think that I have ever said something to him with the intentions of hurting his feelings. It hurts me so deeply that he does this. I know I’m not perfect, but I try so hard to make sure all of his needs are taken care of. I’ve read every self help book, listened to podcasts, I even put myself in counseling because I thought that I needed to be fixed. I try to address relationship issues with him by talking about concerns and how we can adjust to be better. He openly admits he prefers to ignore things with hopes they’ll go away on their own and does not want to talk about them.  I think about my parents marriage a lot because they set such a good example of a happy, loving, functional marriage. They would have arguments here and there, but I don’t ever remember them yelling at each other with intent to hurt the other’s feelings. I am increasingly overwhelmed by the thought that this is not how its supposed to be. Tonight I began wondering how a self-respecting person continues to allow themselves to be treated this way, and now am totally questioning if I even have any self-respect to begin with. I love my husband, and he has a lot of great qualities, but I never imagined I would be treated like this, especially by the person I am supposed to spend the rest of my life with.  I can’t draw the line between what may be a result of his struggles with ADHD and what behavior isn’t. I felt I was approaching him and his behavior appropriately, but he obviously does not respond well to my efforts. Any and all advisement is vey appreciated.
