e5b26218eebd42fa7d6985a083e7d4101d8dac8adf3bfb1b8711f889f054a4b7;;;ADHD and Depression;;;This is a throwaway account, my partner has been dx since he was really young and is on really strong medication for it.  I basically need advice. I've been struggling a lot with his behaviour lately. I understand that he can't control it very well, even if he does genuinely try to. He's been unable to take his meds for a few days because of an injury (that might not make sense without more details, but trust me when I say that in this situation it's completely valid for him to not take them).   When he doesn't take his meds, he gets very intense and is constantly talking and showing me videos he's watching and making jokes. I'm an introvert and I need time and space away, and I definitely struggle with communicating my own needs and I'm practicing at getting better. He knows and understand this, and even if it's unfair of me to wish he would know when to leave me alone, I know that without me communicating, he can't for sure know.   Anyways, we struggle with this but we work through it, but yesterday was just too much. He struggles with depression, and because the news lately has been pretty depressing, most of his jokes are about sexualising women or about people dying. This became waaaaay too much and I just basically shut down. This caused an almost chain reaction from him where he immediately started feeling extremely guilty and became extremely afraid I was going to leave him (I'm not, since almost everything is generally great). He becomes even more depressed and starts talking about how he has no will to live and how he doesn't know what he wants in life and everyone is out to get him and all he's ever going to do now is try to make me happy because that's all he cares about. He also starts hitting himself, to the point where I have to grab his hands to make him stop. This is extremely unhealthy, and I do urge him to try and learn healthier coping mechanisms and I urge him to go to therapy or to look for resources online and everything, but he keeps saying that he doesn't trust therapists and psychologists because he genuinely believes all they're going to do is commit him to a psych ward instead of try to help him. He's done therapy before for other things but never for anything adhd related, as far as I know. He also says that everything about adhd resources and reddit is people telling him that he's not trying hard enough or that it doesn't exist, and he feels invalidated and as if nobody cares about him.  I try to help, but I honestly feel useless and I feel like I'm trying to help someone who's refusing to help himself. It might not be the case, and he might be willing to try something, but the way he's speaking and acting feels like he's just given up and is unwilling to try to get better. He's even said last night that he's given up because he doesn't think life will ever get better.  I don't really know what to do. If anybody has any advice, I'd highly appreciate it. If you have an criticisms about my behaviour as well, I'd appreciate hearing it too because that's the only way I'll improve and I'm still learning what it's like to live with someone with severe adhd, even if we've been together for nearly 2 years now.    (I should probably mention that I have a psychology degree and I'm currently working on trying to get a masters in counseling psychology, idk how important that bit of information is though).  Edit: him and I are both into women, and admiring other women from afar is something we're both okay with and talk to each other about, so sexualising women's appearances in itself is not the issue, it becomes an issue when it is constant and begins feeling really derogatory when it really shouldn't be.
