e6e2992041c73987a929ebf564d93bfebd2b5bdca9d5bd4955b05045f9c7c190;;;Will it always be like this?;;;My fiance has pretty severe ADHD, and he is currently not on medication. He says it makes him feel like a zombie, he has a low sex drive, and no appetite. Recently we have been having some pretty big problems and he has told me he will go back on medication but he has yet to even make an appointment with a doctor. I feel as though our issues are all pretty normal for those in an adhd relationship. He is extremely forgetful, to the point where I feel like if I don't take responsibility for all major tasks, he will drop the ball. This month he forgot to lower the payment on our credit card bill and we over-drafted our account by thousands.  I have to make sure the kids get their homework done or limit their screen time, because he won't. He usually plays games on his phone with the kids and will continue that all day long unless I remind him that screen time should be limited and isn't good for the kids. He is extremely messy, where I feel like if I am constantly cleaning up after him more than I am his two kids. But also, I am doing most of the cleaning up after his two kids. He leaves kitchen cabinets wide open, dirty socks everywhere, random papers on counter tops for months if I don't do something with them,  and he has more random junk all over the house than anyone else I know.  It doesn't matter how many times he cleans up the area next to his bed, the next day there will be a new mess. He literally has never done a chore without me asking him first. He has problems with listening, or even having a basic conversation and giving non-verbal cues or responding to what I say.  He has a temper, and when he he doesn't get his way he can be extremely abusive. Mostly verbally, but we have had one physical altercation where he pushed me back onto the bed when I tried to get up and leave the room.   I know a lot of this has to do with his ADHD, and perhaps a lot of it will become better with therapy/medication, but I can't help but feel like our entire relationship is me catering to him and basically being his mother more so than his partner. There isn't any room for any other aspect of our relationship because we are constantly dealing with this. I want to feel like I have a partner, someone that I can count on, someone that holds me up sometimes if I need it. But right now I don't have that because he needs constant holding up. I love him very much and I do want to marry him, but I am also very fearful for the future. Am I being fair? Any advice would be so much appreciated.
