e77d3431a448476fc944fe12787ceb84d5c1068206aa39b0214b4362d3ac81c8;;;Would couples counseling/therapy work for us?;;;I (31F) have been with my partner (31M) for almost two years and earlier this year he was diagnosed with ADHD. He takes his meds *almost* regularly. There are times when we will chat about big things that may bother me and he listens and agrees to make appropriate improvements. But the next day he will forget or go on impulse to do the one thing that I asked him not to do. I am not saying he's always at fault because I can sometimes get very upset when that happens. Instead of taking a step back, being more patient, and seeking to understand, I will blow up and we have an argument.  When I ask "why would you do this when we just talked about it the previous day?", he responds that maybe it is harder than he thought it would be to go ahead with the suggested improvements we discussed. Is this a personality thing or is this attributed to ADHD?  He also suffers from depression but tries his best to do what he needs to do at work, around the home, and with me. However, sometimes when I don't see results right away, I can be quick to get upset. I am trying to be more patient as well but I wonder if this is also a case where our personalities don't align or if it's the ADHD. I was and am attracted to him for our similar interests, hobbies, and how we can be around one another. I feel comfortable around him to act like my true self.  The thing that has made me feel neglected is that he has his hobbies that he will spend copious amounts of time on. But when it comes to spending time together, most of the time I am the one to initiate. He will initiate occasionally and when I ask why that is, he says that he's trying his best and has made strides to add reminders to his phone. He will think of things to do in the moment, but he's not a planner. He has never let me down in the sense that if we agreed to go to an event or run errands, he always shows up. But when I want to do something like talk before bed every night or chat more after work, he doesn't take the opportunity to initiate it. He will chat if I initiate. I also can't seem to understand this but he said that he is constantly on his phone because it's a form of stimulation for him even if he's not searching or looking at anything in particular.  I've considered counseling for myself so I can vent or talk to someone other than him and my friends about what's going on. He has attended counseling on his own a few times. I want to try couples counseling but I fear it would be the same result in that he agrees to go and listens to what needs to be done, but there is no action to mitigate the future results. Is that laziness or something else?  Has anyone experienced something similar? Would you recommend couples counseling?
