e8d2c50a3915f665add87fbb83f50c9d5d7f686bc9ed9f5db4bda59287a14dda;;;My husband leaves messes and I need help being okay with that;;;My husband has diagnosed ADHD and takes Vyvanse for it. (For years he's been on that med) I have some mental health issues myself.  He's a lovely, wonderful, loving guy.   I am temporarily disabled due go Avascular Necrosis of the hips.  So he has to take care of a lot more than usual. And I know it's extremely stressful and hard on him. He's doing his best. He has told me it's the best he can do, through tears. And I know that it is.  I have to accept it.  But I miss having a very clean house.  I'm not used to clutter. Clutter makes my mind cluttered. Mess makes my mind a mess. In fact, it all makes me depressed.  I need some sort of mental health to get over this. I know it's temporary until I get my hip replacements and have gone through enough physical therapy. Of course, that will be quite a long time of recovery.  Please help me accept the clutter. Please help me know what to do. I can't put any more burdens on him. He's really, really doing his best. We even have a toddler he takes care of.  I used to take care of the house.  What do I do? How do I change my mindset? It's pathetic that I feel this way, I want to change myself somehow.
e8d2c50a3915f665add87fbb83f50c9d5d7f686bc9ed9f5db4bda59287a14dda;;;ADHD spouse taking on HUGE responsibility, taking care of disabled me and our toddler - yet I'm still selfish and I don't want to be.;;;Warning. I'm a selfish asshole and I need help to not be one.  You'd think I'd be more understanding of my ADHD husband because I, too, have mental health issues. I have Autism, PTSD, Bipolar 1.  Right now, I am temporarily disabled due to Avascular Necrosis and I am going to get hip replacements. (Not super soon) We also have a toddler who goes to full-time daycare during the week, but is here after daycare and of course the weekends.  Anyway, my husband has been doing an AMAZING job taking care of me and our toddler. I am eternally grateful to him for all he has been/is doing. He really took our wedding vows "in sickness and in health" seriously. I sometimes cry thinking about how lucky and blessed I am.  Here's the crappy part of me:  I used to do many of the household chores that my husband now has to do. I used to mostly take care of our toddler while my husband got a break from work. Now, recently we hired a nanny but usually she only is here a few hours or full time a couple days a week for now. My husband lost his job (although he has two other part-times) due to taking care of me and toddler soooo much, so we can't afford a nanny that does more than the weekends for right now.   I'm also going to have a full-time caregiver in a few weeks (3-ish?) so he won't have to do all the work taking care of me - and can spend that time looking for another job. Of course, neither a nanny or care-giver clean the house.  So here's REALLY where the crappy part of me comes in. I have been nagging him about getting more of the laundry done, stop laying trash around the kitchen, to just put things away when he's done with them, to clean up our son's toys, to not just leave the clean laundry in piles, to go grocery shopping, to get our son to bed earlier, to do things basically how I used to *I* used to do them.  And guess what?  He is a saint and never complains.  But yesterday he confined in me that it's really hurting him that I'm being a perfectionist and not understanding his ADHD and that he's doing his best and if I keep nagging him/being rude to him about not getting enough done he's going to get very angry.  I feel like the shittiest wife. I mean, he has ADHD, a TON on his plate, yet he STILL manages to get so many fucking things done. He's a superhero. Writing this and seeing how much he does...wow I'm awful.  I do thank him a lot. But I think I haven't been showing enough affection. Maybe due to bad hip pain but that is no excuse.  How do I stop being such an asshole?  I don't want to push my amazing husband away.  I know I'll probably be judged harshly here. I guess I deserve it.  But please do leave constructive criticism on how I can be a better person to him and not break him.  Thank you, so much for any help.
