e960d102b07becdaaee53fbba91326b8d25b4004576cdfb1bbd0550227991fa4;;;Diagnosis changing the terms of the relationship;;;I don't even know if I'm looking for advice or just venting. The past week has been just absolute hell in my household. My fiance was diagnosed about a year ago and is currently medicated (we dated for 5 years and have been engaged for an additional 4, which has not been my preference at all) and it seems the the entirety of the relationship has come to a head. He has a strong inattentive subtype, and the majority of our interpersonal issues are related to his inattentiveness in the relationship. We have a 6 year old and my finace is a wonderful parent, truly. He can work well and generally manages his day to day activities, but is completely wiped out from doing those activities that there is no more mental room left for me in his day. I guess where I'm driving at is last night he said he doesn't know if he'll ever be in a place where he can be a reliable husband or save for a house etc. I can appreciate him being realistic about his capabilities, but I can't help but take it as a big middle finger to all the time, resources, and energy I have poured into the relationship thinking that we were working towards the same things. It feels like since he has gotten his diagnosis, he feels comfortable in limiting having new learn to strategies to achieve things that are important to me. Maybe that's the core issue.... maybe being married and having a house and having kids just inst as important to him. I just feel like I've wasted nearly a decade with someone who changed the terms of our relationship after his diagnosis. Maybe its a blessing that we won't get married, but man, does it hurt.
e960d102b07becdaaee53fbba91326b8d25b4004576cdfb1bbd0550227991fa4;;;How to be attracted to him again;;;Husband (33/m )has been diagnosed in the last year and is finally starting meds soon. Long story short since we've all been there, I'm (29/f) trying to understand how to feel attracted to him again. All the years of caretaking and being neglected and feeling invisible has left me with literally zero desire to be physically close to him (I should mention we have a child, too, who thus far has no symptoms of ADHD, and we've been together for nearly a decade.) I'm honestly secretly hoping that his meds kill his sex drive because it is constant from him, but the environment caused by his untreated ADHD has me feeling unsafe emotionally and unwilling to express myself sexually. I am just not interested in any physical affection, i.e. don't hug me, don't kiss me, etc.. At the beginning of our relationship we had a really healthy sex life, but as mentioned, his symptoms (which we now know was ADD, particularly the inattentive type) have completely killed any sense of romance or attraction. His primary love language is physical affection and as his partner I want to respect that (though mine is quality time, and we know how that is likely to play out...), but it feels like I'm betraying my own sense of integrity when I personally don't want to because its not a feeling I'm organically having. By all measures, I should want to. He's a very attractive guy, I'm still in my 20s, we have a child together etc... But that spark is just gone.      So my question is for couples who seem to be working through it with therapy and meds, were you able to get back to that place? Maybe I'm in the minority for people who lost all physical attraction. Is it just like the books say and just "do it." Because I'd rather shove a spoon in my eye than have sex with him at this point.
