e96d9f1dd7788248620bdaf617d8c2493eb09e011e08ed050cad782a42c58cc8;;;Need help!!;;;&amp;#x200B;  I am new here and its my first post. I am struggling to come up with right words to describe my situation. I have been married for last 5 years to a person who did not disclose his ADHD issue ever before us getting married. I had no idea of this problem and had merely heard the word. After the wedding, there were a lot of things very odd for me but since he belonged to medical profession himself I could never imagine in my wildest dreams that this was the reason behind many issues of our married life.   He has never been diagnosed for it but after me constantly complaining about his procrastination, moving jobs, moving states(4 states in 5 yrs and 7 residences), lack of discipline, huge financial mismanagement, tonnes of debt(400000+), pathetic credit score, numerous failed business attempts, numerous incomplete attempts to finish masters degree , unfinished PHD,numerous failed attempts of studying for USMLE exams and years of nonfiling of tax returns,he finally admitted of having this issue and wanted me to help him. He admitted to this about 2 years ago and since then I have constantly pushed him to get medical help and even ensured that he makes appointments but every time he missed them. He always wanted me to see videos on coping with ADHD spouses but I would never see him making any active effort toward doing anything for himself and this was very frustrating for me.  Sometimes I would feel he used this ADHD as cover to hide his mess and get sympathy. I am just very very confused. I am literally at the verge of a breakdown as he is gearing up for another move and like always he has told me this is final and he wants to settle now. After my constant pushing him he did fix some things over the years but I always felt all actions would be just temporary. I am truly LOST. I feel very exhausted and cant figure out if I am able to cope further or trust him yet once again.  I dont even know why I have posted it here but this is something he doesnt want me to tell anyone. I cant talk to anyone about this disorder of his and it suffocates me.
