ea1f2a021cfd85cf7c87d609c771a5aadd941f32b95799b82e21dcd58da3f839;;;The feeling of walking on egg shells in both directions;;;My partner was recently diagnosed with Adult ADD.   I want to informally ask if other people with partners of mates have had any experiences like the below.  I have read some of the literature and most of it matches other than that I don't really nag my partner - we have always known there was something different about her and or at least I try to keep the reminders to a minimum and really only push if something is going to go off the rails unless she does them.  &amp;#x200B;  I certainly feel on eggshells around her alot which is from some of the support literature pretty common.  Over the years I have really insisted sometimes on a structure for some conversations because she wants to get conversations done and communicate them. But I am not a machine and can only go so long being the one paying attention while she talks and listening and helping her keep focus on the point she wants to make.  I have had to at times demand a conversation have certain structure or systems or else I would not be able to speak at least in a way that would be heard at all.  This must all be rather confining to her and frustraring.  &amp;#x200B;  So here are my questions.  Does your partner with ADHD or ADD ever say they too feel like they are on eggshells around you?  Do they ever accuse you of stubbornness for or being unreasonable for sometimes not seeing things their way - in a case where most other people through logic and reason would have more easily been able to reach common ground?  &amp;#x200B;  Do they have trouble letting go of your mistakes even if you just let go of their mistakes as par for the course?  &amp;#x200B;  Because you have  played the parent do they sometimes feel to an exaggerated degree the need to announce to the world how "indepedent" they are from you almost to the degree that to the outside world people ask if everything is okay?  Do they have trouble seeing when they are doing exactly something that a friend or colleague has done to them and left them very frustrated, but now they are doing the same thing?  &amp;#x200B;  When you try to have slow patient conversations with them to really communicate does it seem to them like its a 'philosophy discourse' and from their perspective evades the question at hand?  &amp;#x200B;  Do they understand your actions better than your words?  Are they obsessed with body language to the point where you find yourself wondering if you are sitting the right way so that they aren't reading something into your posture or facial expression?  I want to tell my partner she was great value to me and the thought of us still being together as a couple and a family makes the future after my parents will have died and in this uncertain political times seem brighter/ less dark  to me, but, I fear expressing anything like that will sound to her like we 'must' be together - and I wonder if the parenting and caregiving I have done makes it hard for her to seperate knowing what aspect is wanting to be with me - from perhaps feeling like she 'needs' to be with me for safety and no one wants to feel like they are trapped in a situation on need. So I repress expressing such things.  And the phone.  She will call me on the phone and just start talking about something where as most people would be aware of a kind of natrual barrier.  If most people  ascertain you are at work or at the grocery store they might postpone the conversation.  And by text if I say something she does not like she almost has to call right away to respond to it even if it's not urgent,\\  And do they have trouble letting things go - like because you parented you have to be perfect? I had a financial issue I tried to handle on my own - I did not tell her- yes it was wrong.  I feared her reaction. I feared her not listening to me as to how it arose.  I feared the stress from it would shatter what progress she had made on her own self betterment and career path that I had so much to do with getting her on her feet to get herself there.  It was wrong - but now it seems everything in the relationship goes back to that.   I'm sorry about this length.  I think I kind of vomited up a lot of thoughts I have been containing for a very long time.
