eafb5d8e012929eb31438f3e6d83f789127e90b619641758723f58847f4731fa;;;I have to be less controlling but don’t know how;;;I’ve received feedback from my ADHD husband multiple times that I’m controlling and that I disregard his opinions on things that we should make a decision as a team. Or what I do makes him feel like he is not capable of doing things. He says that it hurts his feelings that we always end up doing things my way because I think it is better etc. and I just go ahead and enforce it. He is seeing a therapist and says that he is trying to work on setting boundaries based on the recommendation of the therapist.   It’s hard to take criticism in general for me (he made a comment about my inability to take criticism before too) and I tend to get really defensive and it’s something I’m trying to be better at. The reason I’m posting on this subreddit is because I feel like my controlling stems from anxiety (which I’ve been to therapy for) and feeling like I need to control everything in order to make sure he doesn’t get upset.   For example, the other night we were trying to scoop some soup into a container. We both were a little high at the time. He and I had a conversation about how he is pretty clumsy in general (he brought it up), so as he was about to scoop the soup, I said I’d do it and took the spoon from him. He told me immediately it hurt his feelings that I just decided that I would do it without even asking him if I could do it. I explained my reasoning was because we had a previous conversation about his clumsiness and that I didn’t want him getting upset if he spilled it. In the past seven years we’ve been together I’ve seen numerous times how he would drop or spill something and his anger would skyrocket and it just felt like the worst thing in the world for him and he would beat himself about stuff like that. And I was just trying to prevent that from happening. He acknowledged it but said he wanted me to know it hurt him.   Like I mentioned earlier he has said something similar to me multiple times in other situations. We’ve discussed couple therapy but before we get there I thought I’d ask on some advice here. I might delete this post later but would appreciate your advice.
