ed46311f794fc64146da35feff3249abfde54356433a2f652a94ff2736a8865b;;;Partner and kid fights like siblings;;;Maybe this is really a question about parenting, but I wanted to try here first.   My partner and my kid (11 yo) (from previous relationship) starts these stupid ass fights like they were siblings. They are not serious, just riding details, turning arguments around with invalid points just to be right and "win".   The kid is an only child and is here for two weeks, then lives with the other parent for two weeks (all good with the ex, we are friends, celebrate Christmas together and what not).  When my kid gets here, partner starts out being overly stressed and can't ever relax. Can't be in on joke, and doesn't smile. Says it's because they're stressed about time management, as they know meal time and bed time is important. But it's like this even when these things are covered. When partner then does relax after the first week, they start these fights with my kid as they would with their four siblings. They continue till I stop them either distracting them or right out tell them to stop. I feel this is wrong, like not (step) parenting. But am I wrong? I come from a broken family, so I wouldn't know if this is normal parenting or not. I have seen these stupid fights in my partners family as well – especially when grandparents and cousins are involved.   Anyways, I really want to know if this is normal or not. If I'm being too sensitive and I'm the one missing out on fun, I'll try to catch up. It doesn't at all feel right though. I don't want my kid to feel like they need to be ready for stupid fights at all times. I don't think kid is having as much fun having these arguments as partner does, but maybe I'm projecting (?).
ed46311f794fc64146da35feff3249abfde54356433a2f652a94ff2736a8865b;;;Symbolism/emotional connections;;;Is it a specific adhd thing to not connect any emotions to objects or places?  Examples: partner remembers a specific piece of art that we saw together, but gets the place, time AND PERSON THEY WERE WITH wrong.  I take off my engagement ring because of weight loss, but they act like it doesn't matter one bit to them. They don't have the slightest thought of suggesting to get it made smaller or replace it with a wedding ring. The symbol an engagement ring represents is just not existing anymore.  We have pre-diagnosis fought endlessly about something we wanted to do, but partner would always forget. Ads for that place doesn't trigger any feeling nor memory of any experience of discussing how we wanted to go, what we imagined doing there, how we fought over not going or how I'm still hurt that that promise ended in bullshit. It's just neutral.  After having visited places (think museums or zoos) they remember facts about art techniques or animals, but no way they'll remember that we had fun together at that place. The place is connected to facts more than their shared family time.  .... and tonnes of other examples. The list goes on forever.  What's your verdict? Typical ADHD or something who doesn't give a shit? If normal ... does anyone care to explain how the fuck this works?
