ee439879ad3bf08a460c87cdf33e41b7329f5dc0905835e8a77fca6f3c600453;;;My wife says she's going out for an hour...;;;She leaves at 8pm, says she's having coffee with a friend at her house for an hour.  I'm at home with the kids and I decided to let them stay up and look through the telescope.   She'd be home by the time it got dark, so we could all have some time together.   At 10:36 PM I sent her a text - "Are you still alive?" Jokingly because this behaviour is pretty normal for her and I'm upset she abandoned me and the kids again.  She writes back 26 minutes later saying that she is playing a game.  My wife has her phone in her hand more often than not.  She checks it routinely when she is with other people... So I should have paid more attention to the speed of response, but I guess I thought maybe she was finally getting it... Be present with the people you are with.    At 3:50 AM, I wake up and she's not sleeping beside me.  I worry she's actually dead this time.  I go to her computer to try to see if I can track her location through her phone.  I couldn't figure out how to do it.  We used to have location sharing turned on for each of our phones, but she decided it was creepy and turned hers off maybe a little over a year ago.  So, I start looking through her Facebook and email to see if I can get some clue as to where she might be.  Wonder to myself "how long does one have to wait for a missing persons report?".  In her email I find a poem in her drafts folder.  The draft is from April... The contents make it clear that she's at least kissing another guy.  She speaks of his lips touching hers...I automatically assume she's out with the guy at that moment and has decided to sleep over.  I can't sleep.    4:29 AM she writes back saying that she's on her way.   Oh, good she's not dead at least... But where the hell was she?   She arrives around 4:40 AM and she sticks to the story of being at her friend's house, drinking too much and losing track of time.  I don't recall if she mentions anything about sleeping, but she says her friend will drive her car over for her tomorrow and she's taking the day off of work (shift was supposed to start at 6AM).  I tell her how I think she's been out with another guy, she denies it and offers for me to call her friend.  I tell her I saw the poem, she insisted it was just a poem and nothing more.   This goes on for a while until I tell her that if she is not cheating, she can let me look through her phone.    She lets me look through her phone and I go through Facebook messages, texts, Instagram and Snapchat.  I mostly target messages from guys thinking that it must be a guy. After a while I start wondering if maybe it was a girl she was cheating on me with.  So I start again, looking at text messages I find a name I don't recognize.  The woman apparently works with her and noticed that she looked off the day off the message (Wednesday).   She says it has something to do with what she had told her the other day and then mentions something about the guy's wife throwing her rings at him.   I read this all and I still don't want to believe what I am reading.  She still insists that she was with her friend and I should call her to confirm.  She eventually admits to going out on a couple of dates with the guy and kissing him.  I am nearly certain she's not telling me the whole story, but the details won't help me feel any closer to accepting this.  I tell her I want her to move out, she refuses.  She says she needs help and we should go for counseling.  I tell her that I don't know that I can ever trust her again and that I would expect things out of her that I don't think she would do.  She maintains that she doesn't want to be away from the kids and wants to work it out.  She begs me not to tell the kids or anyone what she has done.  It's now time for me to go to work...  Many coffee later and leaving early, she and I talk outside while the kids are inside.  She seems to want to work things out still, but I don't feel like she feels remorse for her actions, I think she's just upset she got caught.   I made a list of things I want from her so that we can continue living in the same house while she rebuilds my trust... Not as a couple, she will sleep on the couch.  One of my things on my list was to delete her social media accounts and never use them again.  She refuses to delete her Facebook and it's unclear whether or not she will do any of the other things, because it seems she stopped reading after that.    Has anyone been in a similar situation? Is there any point in even trying?  I'm too close to the problem to think clearly about it.    I am afraid telling anyone I know makes it real and forces me to act quickly and without thinking it through.  To make things even more fun, her mom is in from out of town and I get to pretend like everything is normal.  I'm sure she can tell something is up.  I wonder if she noticed my wife sleeping on the couch. I'm happy to have told someone even if nobody replies.  Please be kind in your replies, I want nothing but happiness for the mother of my kids and I've told her that if that means we aren't together, that's okay with me.
