ee9716c3e2c72ac24590027dec35895d7e90d7c928c6fd4f358b6a5d8097e7cd;;;Made a list of things my (25f) boyfriend (28m) has forgotten in the past six months;;;Hey guys so this past year has been tough. For a long time I’ve been feeling like my adhd bf of five years is so darn forgetful. A couple months ago I decided to document specific instances of forgetfulness on his part, just so I could see if I was making a big deal out of nothing. Please tell me someone out there can relate to all of this... (names have been changed below)   6/30/20 *lance gets confused about what weekend we planned to go down the river. Requests wrong days off of work. Has to go through the hassle of switching his vaca days 7/2/20 *walking towards the zoo. Almost there. I ask Lance did you bring your stuff. Forgets wallet and has to run back to the car. 7/2/20 (same day) *forgot what his doctors name was that prescribes him his adhd medication. Spent all dinner at a nice restaurant on his phone trying to figure out his doctors name and hospital where he gets prescribed. 7/4/20 *grandma Linda texts lance that morning. Asks him to bring veggie tray for Fourth of July. In grocery store Landon heads for the potato salad. Convinced that’s what his grandma asked for and doesn’t believe me. I proceed to ask him to pull up text and then realizes he forgot what she asked 7/5/20 *in grocery store. Get to checkout aisle. Lance realizes he doesn’t have wallet. We get home, he forgets to look for it. Go to get ice cream at 9 pm, I ask him if he found his wallet that day. He realizes he forgot to look. Panic cancels all his credit cards. Turns out he left it at Molly’s (our friend...we went to a gathering she had) the night before.  7/19/20 Lance mother comes into town... didn’t warn me. Didn’t mention to Macy (my sister and roommate) and I that she was on her way even though he swears he did.  8/3/2020 Lance orders package on amazon but forgets to press “complete order” until wondering where is package is 8/5/2020 Lance accidentally forgets to change shipping address to our new address instead of our old apartment. Package shows up at old apartment.  8/21/20 Mark (lances friend) is having a birthday party thing. Lance thinks it’s on  Saturday. Gets a call when he’s leaving work on Friday asking where he is. He got the days mixed up 8/25/20 Lance discovers a voicemail on his phone. It’s a call back from a place he applied to. They wanted to interview him but lance never saw the voicemail  9/7/2020 Lance started the dryer. Opened it up to realize that he never put clothes in it in the first place  9/22/20 Lance gets off of work. Makes a plate full of spaghetti. Starts microwave. I said “lance you forgot to put your food in there.” He says “huh?” Opens microwave. Realizes he didn’t put food in there in the first place and it was sitting on the counter the whole time.  9/25/20 Asked lance to put food away after video games. He forgot so all the stew went bad (Sometime in October) Lance went to scooters coffee shop.  Ordered a breakfast sandwich. Forgot he ordered a sandwich and drove away without it.  (Sometime in November) Lance went out to the gas station for snack. Forgot his wallet. Had to pay with scratch off tickets. 11/16/20 Pipe broke underneath the sink. Lance went out to get parts for it. Came back. I put note on sink that said do not use sink. Lance threw away the note and was fiddling under the sink and shut the cabinet doors. I assumed he had fixed it. He turns on dishwasher. Leaves to play video games. A couple hours later we notice a bunch of water on the kitchen floor. Lance literally did not fix it and forgot and started the dishwasher so it flooded again. Didn’t even attach the pipe  December- lance asks where phone is. I do not know. He has been missing it all day. Turns out it was under the seat of his car all day. 12-17-20 Lance went to kohl’s  to return something. Forgot he had a hair appointment and had to cancel last minute. 1-29-21   This last weekend we got a snowstorm that dumped 14.5 inches on us. I ended up having to shovel most of our driveway because lance couldn’t pull himself away from his video games. On the third and final day of the storm, I went out to shovel our driveway...my bf finally came out to help. Not five minutes in he yells “f&amp;@k!” I’m like “are you ok did you get hurt?” And he said “no I have my hair appointment at 1. I gotta go I’m sorry. Hopefully I can make it out of our driveway!”  2-5-2021 My sister and I go to a brewery with lance and his friends. It’s getting late and I’m ready to go to bed. Macy says in passing “well maybe we can play a card game before bed” ...(meaning the roommates that live there).Before even consulting anyone, or asking me if I wanted to, he proceeded to invite all of his friends over to our house even when I didn’t feel the best. I ended up having to entertain them late into the night.  2-11-2021 Lance forgot frozen pizzas on top of macy car (he was meaning to put them in garage freezer). Macy found them the next morning. 2-13-21 Macy buys iced tea trulys. Mentioned in passing that they aren’t her favorite. Watching a movie with my boyfriend when I notice him drinking one of the trulys she bought. I ignored it thinking he snuck one. But then he proceeds to carry the whole six pack downstairs. I said “lance those are Macys she bought them.” And he said “I heard her say that she doesn’t like them.” I said “so now you feel entitled to them? What if her boyfriend liked them? What if she was saving them for something else?” It just blows my mind.
