ef1bb5c49b2cd84df7203c19c0bc95f8b155cfbae065facd602e7b8da06786d2;;;I need to vent and get some feedback?;;;First, this is a "throwaway" as my husband knows my main. Fully intend to utilize this community as well as r/ADHD. He is diagnosed with ADHD, but unmedicated because american healthcare sucks  Second; I am kinky and my husband is still learning what kinky means to him. We got married with me not realizing that I crave having a partner take control of my schedule at home, like a parent and or guardian would. This does not mean that I want to be 12 again, but it does mean that I want to take my bad ass title at my executive office and leave it at the door. I want to be a vulnerable woman who can be capable of not making decisions. Part of our relationship has already made me extremely resentful of him because he, as an unmedicated ADHD-er, couldn't follow up on my schedule, because that is how I apparently feel loved, by being made to follow the rules and schedule set up for me.   Third; I do somewhat suspect I have ADHD myself. I have not been able to see a psychologist to be able to do any tests or even voice this concern. I am currently diagnosed with general Anxiety and depression disorders and drake medication for it.   Now, to the venting.   I have recently asked my husband to remove my cuffs in order to have physical reminder of our D/s lifestyle removed from my line of sight. It hurts to see them, because I love having him as my top. But it hurts more to have these desires that border on needs not be met, and rather have what I perceive to be a lame, half assed attempt. I know my husband loves me and cares for me, but I also need to hear/see it reflected by having him ask "did you do your Spanish today? What about *specific interest that you've been wanting to get into*?". And he's not asking because he simply doesn't remember. Part of it is that he's focused on himself, he's always had just himself to worry about. We've been married for a year, were still learning to take into account the other person. I have the same issue. But when we put reminders in his phone, or on sticky notes, or on a GIANT WHITE BOARD... they become background noise. He doesn't see them. And so, to help with this resentment, I'll just do it myself. He doesn't seem capable of doing it, so I'll just take care of myself.   I did ask him about two weeks ago, I think, to start doing some memory games so that he remembers more often and the external memory joggers maybe won't be needed as much. And I have asked him, near every day, to do the memory game. I think he's done it three times? That's what I've seen, anyway. I'll give him the benefit of doubt that he could have done more.   The support part also has some venting in it.   He asked me today if I would help keep him on a schedule of doing things, even if it's just a to do list. But felt like the memory games weren't doing anything, because they wanted him to focus on 13 different things. He feels this does not develop working memory, that there is no way to "flex" the "muscle" that is his working memory or create the pathways to develop his memory.   Honestly, it bugs the crap out of me. And some of it is the purely childish "you can't do it, but you want *me* to do it?!" instinct. I'm still battling with it. But a huge part of it is, as I understand it, he now wants ME to be the Top, the Caregiver. He wants me to be HIS keeper, his "boss".   I work full time, with people who don't understand the product they have to have to live and don't keep track of it like they should because their Google search is better than my degree. I am a bomb ass bitch who takes no prisoners.   But I can't do it full time. I HAVE to have some down time to recharge, have to be able to place that control in someone else's hands so that I don't end up a stressed out, stuttering, daily panic attacks woman again. Before I found BDSM, I was a wreck and could hardly balance myself. Now that I have it, I have the freedom to be both boss ass bitch and meek little girl without the anxities of either seeping into home or work.   It feels like he's asking me to mix the two again, to be the Dominant.   I can't do it. It will destroy my health.  So my question to you other spouses of ADHD-ers...  How can you help your spouse do what he needs to do without being his mother or his keeper?
