ef57127d0df13a6024783dabaffc88b0f114d1b8eedb21affc0fe94b0475ff33;;;My partner is trying to out-think his RSD;;;Hello friends. I have literally just found this group after sitting up at 3am googling ways to support a partner with severe RSD after what can only be described as a two-hour-long DEBATE with my beloved, where he took the stance 'this house believes I am universally disliked' - and I am now pretty exhausted.  I have been with my partner now almost a decade and we've been friends for significantly longer. He's my best friend in the whole world. He was diagnosed about one and a half years ago and until then I just thought he was a bit scatter-brained. He's fiercely intelligent and a born questioner - given any opportunity to research something he'll snatch it and become an expert.   Unfortunately, since he was diagnosed he's devoured as much content as he can find. Books, YouTube videos, NHS guidelines, historical context everything. He was on the track from diagnosis to medication, but was stopped by a number of health issues and doctors giving him the run around. Then lockdown started and the whole process was stopped.   Since then he's spiralled because he knows he's due to be medicated. But hears nothing from the service who have paused all their appointments. He's been suffering greatly this past month from severe RSD, he quit Facebook all together over a disagreement with a mutual friend and a firm belief that he is only barely tolerated on the platform by our friends. He's always been torn between his reclusive RSD self and his actual outgoing chatty self. But recently I've found I can't talk him around.  We have all the same friends and he's convinced himself that they only put up with him because I'm more outgoing and he's just some troll who they have to include in things. This isn't true. He's got fewer social activities, but he's broadly well liked, often invited to (digital) hangouts and we game regularly with friends.   By now he knows all the tricks. He knows all the things I'm going to say to try and talk him around.   - I always let him have his space when he needs it.  - I tell him when his feelings are accurate (the friend who bullied him off FB was in the wrong) and when it's the RSD talking (people do like spending time with him). - I try to list hard facts and times when he's been socially accepted and list nice things people say about him.   But he knows all of these methods. He comments on how pathetic it is that he needs people to say 'nice things' about him in order to feel better. Or that he wants people to socialise with him without needing to be prompted - even though traditionally I tend to sort out our communal social activities. I worry that by researching too many coping mechanisms he's now 'wise to the tricks' and expects them from me and also from himself.  I loathe seeing him like this and I want to be able to help him. But more than any ADHD adjacent effect, RSD is the most insidious and hardest to support him through.
