f00d25b87b36d5bf63ca1c5da28e92f80133acef02239c61579a8acf74400e4d;;;Should I give him a last chance?;;;Hi guys,    So as the title hints I have separated with my NDX ADHD S/O.   Over the course of three years I have begged him to seek therapy for the many things he has going on with his life. He like many others have not had a great childhood in which, i think, has made him stuck a never ending cycle of procrastination, guilt and depression. I understand everyting that hes been through so i decided to seek help for him. I got him state insurance so he can seek this and help himself out. I had also gone ahead and sign him up for GED classes so he can better his job position. I did all this to help and stopped my involvement so he can do the rest as a responsible adult should, however, whenever it involved him doing something thats when the process haulted and nothing came out of the work I put in for him. Fine ok, i understand it’s too much of a big step maybe, but when we look at his behavior at home it’s worse. I have go to the extent of screaming at him for him to complete any task at home. Its an annoying cycle that I hate. Starts off with me asking nicely, him saying ok love then me asking again after it not being done him saying ok hold on then ends with me bitter and angry and screaming at him for making me wait days to weeks for the chore to be done and completely in its full. I finally had enough after three years. I told him I needed a break before I begin to hate him, which I really dont want to do. I love him. Point blank. I see my future with him. IF i didn’t have any expectations he would be my perfect match. But the unreliability he has in just day to day task angers me. I feel as if I am alone. I myself have my own issues that he never bothers to help. When I have my manic episodes he shuts me out and lets me deal on my own. Which is fine, i am better at handling it, but why do i have to deal with his issues if he can’t deal with mine? I signed up for a partnership and it looks like its more like I have to deal with everything. So I decided I needed a break before it got more serious, like having a kid. I dont want to raise a child where he sees mom and dad fight all the time.   It’s been a month since I said no more. He begged me to let him stay and we can just be roommates. So I did, he didnt have anywhere to go and prices for renting are ridiculous in our area. But as i said its been a whole month and now its back like we are a couple. He wont buy his mattress, which makes me feel bad and so I let him sleep with me. I dont see him improving anything. He still prefers to use his free time for hanging out with friends or just laze around the house. He still mishandles his money and wastes everything he has with no real savings. He blames his work schedule (10:30-8 5 days out of the week). We work in the same plant so he prefers to come to work with me and wait in the car until his shift starts so he wont take a 2 hour bus ride ( I start at 8). I tell him look get a license, please it will help you open your schedule a lot more and mine since i dont have to come pick you up and you wont have to wait in the mornings. He says he too scared of failing the driver test.   So point is I dont know what to do. I feel like I’m all hes got. But im tired of it being my problem. We arent married, we dont have kids. I have no real obligation but i still feel like i need to help but at this point i feel like im enabling this behavior.
