f169648ea960b59194aba3df9a406930a835540010c945f047f23046306030f5;;;I have ADD, spouse has SEVERE ADD.;;;Hello hello everyone. I thought I would try and find other people who can relate.  As a teenager I really struggled with ADD and being homeschooled. I also had undiagnosed depression. Later on in life I developed severe anxiety and PTSD as well as an eating disorder. My main struggles in life have been my depression and anxiety, with a lil sprinkling of ADD. I have understood my ADD for so long and never really had the need for meds, because my ADD is mild. I have learned to adapt my home and my personal bubble to fit my specific needs. My tools to combat ADD work like a freaking charm. Sometimes I forget I have ADD (ironic) because of how well I am able to manage it, and because of how severe my husband's is. I still struggle with it, but it's nowhere like my husband.  My husband has been medicated for ADD for as long as he can remember. He also has PTSD, depression, and anxiety. He went off his ADD and depression medication when we first got married, and seemed to do fine, but the ADD really got out of hand after a few months. I was completely unaware of the parent/child dynamic being a thing between ADD and non ADD partners, so I thought he was being a lazy jerk when I would come home from a 13 hour work day and he couldn't do the list of chores I left for him. I started leaving lists because he would forget that things needed done regularly. The cycle continued up until recently, and despite his medication, his ADD is just taking over his life. He's forgetting simple things at work, at home, for enjoyment, and even lists and alarms do not help at the moment. He forgets how to get home, he forgets how to get to the grocery store, he misses a lot of hazards when driving, which has resulted in a lot of close calls...So he finally started crying one day and told me he no longer feels comfortable driving. He is so frustrated, guilty, and angry with himself that he cries frequently out of self-hatred and even self-harms at his lowest. It breaks my heart to see him suffering like this.  I am not exactly a non-ADD spouse but because my ADD is managed so well, the dynamic is still there. The more ADD ravages his life, the more stressed we both get - I need the house to be clean since we live in a really small space, and I also need to feel like I can rely on him to do things to help out without me even really needing to ask. I hated that even when he was driving, I had to be his GPS in addition to the GPS - he would miss turns even if the GPS was on and talking, so I had to be the backup GPS. It was stressful even when I was supposed to be relaxing. Now I drive us. One more thing added to the list of responsibilities that I feel never ends. We are in therapy to work this out. I feel so bad for him and try to be patient because I love him so dearly. He is not stupid but he feels like he is. He is also not lazy but he feels like he is. He has asked me if I want to get divorced so I can marry someone capable of the basics. I could never ever do that. I love him way too much and he is working on things. If he was unwilling to work on it, I would struggle to want to work this out.  Currently we are waiting for approval to get financial aid on a new medication that would be $300/mo without this assistance. We are going to therapy as I mentioned before, and I recently discovered that our situation is not unique. Neither of us are alone. I am not a bitch and he is not lazy. We are in a parent/child dynamic and are working to change it. We love each other deeply and I am so thankful that there is a community who understands what we are both going through. As a mostly non-ADD spouse it is amazing to find all this validation.  I don't expect anyone to read all of this. But if you somehow made it through, I would love to know your tips and tricks to help. His ADD is basically hindering his life at this point and I want to know how I can help him, while also giving myself the grace of knowing that this IS a frustrating situation and that I'm NOT crazy for being upset. How can I help my husband remember things without being his mother? How can we make our home ADD-friendly? How can I be a supportive spouse?
