f1ff4e7e08c7b12fa5aa1a896f13fa3b2f7b85d5be66f0102e731df64bfe2578;;;I think my husband may have ADHD;;;This is a x-post because I wasn't getting much feedback in the main ADHD sub. My husband and I have been together for 10 years, married for 8, and in therapy for 2. After seeing our therapist together for awhile we also began seeing her separately, although he goes sporadically (due to his job he is only able to see her at certain times). Today as I was sharing some of my frustrations she mentioned to me that, while she was NOT diagnosing, she thought he may have ADHD and so I started researching it. Here are some things I've noticed over the years.  1. I have to repeat things A LOT before they sink in and I feel heard. 2. One thing I've started doing at the suggestion of our therapist is touching him to get his attention. Otherwise I could be talking to him for 5 minutes before I realize he isn't listening. 3. I can tell him to take out the trash multiple times over multiple days and he'll forget every time. 4. He works MUCH better with lists. We now have a large calendar to write down our to do list because he will forget things we've discussed doing. Still, some days he'll look at the list and see what needs doing, but still get distracted and not accomplish anything on it. 5. I've definitely felt like I've taken on the parent role over the years because I constantly have to remind him of what needs doing for the above reasons. 6. He gets hyper focused on things. One day he decided he needed to look for a piece of paperwork before we had started unpacking from a move and literally went through every single box until he found it, despite not actually needing it that day. Another night he decided he needed to fix something on the car and wouldn't go to sleep until it was done, even though it wasn't urgent and it was raining. 7. Once he has his mind set on a project, he will only focus on that project until it is finished to the detriment of things around him. 8. He is really bad at reading. I'm an avid reader and have tried to get him to read with me before and he literally cannot focus on it. I gave up on that years ago, though. 9. He experiences grief in a really excessive way. When our (young) ill dog died over the summer while he was away (he works away from home for stretches of time in an essential role), I was literally scared of what he was going to do. He had to take days off of work and cried for weeks. He was completely inconsolable. I've never seen anything like it and reading that people with ADHD can experience excessive emotion makes it make sense. 10. He gets frustrated at surprising things. A year into our relationship he got the hiccups on a camping trip and I had a "wtf am I getting into" moment because he was SO angry at the hiccups??? This sometimes happens with other situations. 11. In school for his job, it took him much longer than other people to do nightly assignments. I lived with him at the school and I barely saw him because he spent so much time studying since it took him much longer to read than others. 12. He had a learning disability as a child, although I'm not clear on what it was. 13. Generally when we watch a movie he is also on his phone. He seems to have a hard time doing one thing at a time. He also fidgets with his hands. 14. Some nights he has a hard time sleeping. If he gets it into his head that he can't get to sleep, then he won't get to sleep. 15. Despite him working away from home, he is terrible at talking on the phone and always has been. He does much better if we talk while playing a video game together (a new discovery). 16. Even though he's great at his job, he does make small errors at times that make him very frustrated. 17. He is impulsive with money. I took over budgeting when we were engaged because he couldn't do it. Even with a budget he very impulsively buys things, big and small. 18. EDIT: He lies a lot. Small lies about unimportant things, which turn into bigger lies. It's an ongoing issue we're working on in therapy.   I don't know, I'm just listing everything that seems like it could be remotely related. Does this sound like it could be ADHD? What is the best way to bring this up to him without him feeling attacked?
