f22c5780e8bf9cca23bee0fd92ba506546c6be7378ae52864803370f029d1e15;;;I don't want to give up on him.;;;I'm the non-ADHD partner, 36F, while he is a non-diagnosed (but clearly has ADHD) 48M. We aren't legally married but have been together for 14 years and have two kids: 12m (diagnosed with ADHD/depression/anxiety/conduct disorder, in weekly therapy, doesn't take meds), and an 8m.   The week has gone like this; I worked 62 hours last week at work and 47 hours this week at work while he took the week off, I am exhausted....to say the least... He had a "list" of household repairs he was going to complete and "ideas" to keep him occupied... By last Saturday I knew something was up. He was being weird. He had only been on vacation for less than 24 hours. By last Sunday he was telling me he was depressed. He wanted to go back to work. By Monday it got worse. It started to rain here, which apparently, he hates. It made his mood worse.   Christmas Eve wasn't what I envisioned. I made so much money in overtime I had planned (like I ALWAYS plan EVERYTHING), a nice family dinner out. The expensive filet mignon, and shrimp didn't make him happy. He mentions he needs a doctor. He needs meds...He acted this same way on Thanksgiving...  Setting out gifts for the kids seemed to cheer him a bit..but then he started to have anxiety over gifts; did he get the right ones for me? He can't wrap them nicely. He can't find something he bought me....and so on.  Christmas Day comes and of course I plan the whole thing. His family, not mine (that's another story!) come over, including his mother. Long Christmas Day story short, the dinner wasn't ready when I initially thought it would be, because apparently, our oven is broken! So his mother sends her granddaughter in to tell me, "if dinner isn't ready soon I'm leaving" ok. Bye. This isn't a restaurant! I'm a professional chef damnit, but I'm not her personal chef!!! I didn't know at the time, but the mother said this comment in front of my partner, and my partner said nothing to his mother to defend me. I didn't have to host Christmas. Everyone was hungry. Just because you're elderly doesn't give you the right to be rude in someone else's home!!!   The next day, my partner was hungover. He wanted to lounge and watch TV for the day, so I joined him. He asked me if, the following evening, I was interested in going to get something to eat with his friend who was visiting. I said ok. Then he mentioned that maybe he would cook dinner at our home and his visiting friend could come here to eat. Then, suddenly, plans have switched back to going out to dinner. Then, later on, he tells me he forgot, he made plans with his mother the following evening. His mother's college football team is playing and she will be coming to dinner as well. I wasn't interested in seeing his mother, considering her shitty comment about my late dinner. So I trudge through a puddle of water on my way to bed, because the roof leaks, because he won't, or can't, or doesn't want to call the home owner's insurance and have it fixed. We aren't married. This isn't my mortgage. I can't call. And I just get so angry. And I turn around and go back to the living room and tell him to fix up this shit hole we live in!!!! And please, please, seek psychiatric help, because the ADHD is outta control. "Ok. I will. But can you find me a doctor?"................  When I get home the following evening, my partner has completely changed plans again. His friend and him have decided going out to eat is too expensive, however, going to a bar isn't. And the mother won't be going because he isn't happy with her, concerning her attitude about Christmas dinner being late.   Having it been an extraomg holiday season, I think it would be a good idea for us to spend New Year's in the mountains somewhere, without kids. So I start searching Airbnb for a deal, until I remember that I promised myself I would stop planning things. Because I plan every event, every date, every dinner, every trip, every vacation. But I never get something nice planned for me. So I say forget it, and stop planning anything for New Year's.   Fast forward to Saturday. I go into work early and come home at 2:30pm and my partner is in bed, asleep, and my bedroom smells like a bar. He's asleep and it's 2:30pm and he's pushing 50! WTF?!?!?! Whatever. Just. What. Ever. I go about my day, cleaning up Christmas crap. He finally gets up and I offer to make him soup. I am very nice, but I'm still just so disgusted with him.   Today at work I did a half day. So I got home about 10:30. My partner is still in bed. About 11am he moves from the bed to the couch to watch football. I guess we are sitting around again all day? "Well what do you want to do?"....like I said, I always have to plan things.     I don't even know what I feel towards him right now.He hasn't done a thing he said he would. I feel like Im dating a teenager!!! I feel so many things from so many of the behaviors he has shown, they're all negative, I can't even put it into words. He asked me what was wrong and I told him I needed me to leave him alone. I told him I didn't want to talk. He got angry and told me I was emotionally abusive because I was giving him the silent treatment. Then he stormed off.   So now, here we are. Pissed off at each other again.
