f27b259475eb23d61a939dd30efe7d8b8ed58f56d98a585962d3e4e974de6d82;;;Not sure where to begin...;;;Wife DX.  Let me start by saying that I am 29(M), my wife is 30(F). We have been married 9 years, and have 2 daughters, ages 8 &amp; 1. My wife was diagnosed with ADHD by a licensed psychiatrist early 2019.   We met when we were both 18, began a relationship, and almost instantly she started talking about marriage. Both of our families are part of a very fundamentalist subculture of Christianity(large families/anti birth control, homeschooling, etc.) so the idea of getting married young &amp; quickly was encouraged by both our parents, and did not seem odd in the social circles we were part of. Two of my older siblings had done the same, so we forged ahead.  Our relationship began in August 2009, and our wedding was March 2010. Nearly as quickly as she had started marriage talk at the beginning of our relationship, now she wanted to talk about having children. I now understand that her desire to leap into these big decisions so quickly is probably caused by impulsivity due to her ADHD...  Other odd things began to crop up in our relationship. One day I returned home from work to discover she had adopted a kitten, without talking to me, our landlord, anyone. I had made it clear to her from the beginning that I have allergies that would prevent us from EVER having an indoor pet, but I was just met with an endless string of rationalizations:  "It was just so cute!","Your sister was with me and she egged me on","What if I wash it with special hypoallergenic shampoo everyday?" etc.  Try as I might, I couldn't get her to see that I was hurt by her making a big decision without considering me at all. It seemed as if the decision tree in her brain had only 2 paths:   Is it fun/exciting/novel/easy? --&gt; Do it!  Is it boring/tedious/difficult? --&gt; Don't do it!  Things like this led to A LOT confusion and resentment on my part, but I felt like my time was increasingly spent making sure things in life didn't fall apart. And when I did express to her, "Hey babe, it seems as if you are only interested in having fun for yourself &amp; I feel like you don't think about how things effect me" an enormous fight would ensure("WHY DO YOU HATE FUN?!" "YOU ALWAYS RUIN EVERYTHING" etc.)  We had our first child the year after we were married(turns out the rhythm method isn't super reliable), and she immediately wanted another, so our first born wouldn't be lonely. It was quite taxing on me, both emotionally and financially, when we had our first child as I was the only one working and we were totally unprepared. I tried to communicate to her the level of stress I felt, and how unprepared I felt we were for one child, let alone another(I wanted to save for a house downpayment and emergency fund). She responded by lashing out numerous times at how "materialistic" I was.   This was the cycle that continued for the next 4-5 years. My income increased over this time, but our financial disagreements did as well. We would sit down in front of a spreadsheet or with pen and paper, and I would walk her through each category in our budget giving her the chance to make changes as she thought were necessary. We would tweak the budget until we both were happy, I would confirm with her that she agreed to this budget, and she would go right back to life as usual as if we had never talked.  "I just forget" is the stock response when I would ask her why she couldn't stick to her word.  My wife became pregnant on two other occasions. One in 2016 unfortunately led to a miscarriage at the end of the first trimester. Her third pregnancy in 2018 led to a healthy girl who just turned 1. She has now told me she is done having children.   We started to suspect ADHD in mid-to-late 2018, when my wife made a comment to me about how her mind seems to be always jumping from only thing to the next. She said its quite difficult for her to focus on one thing clearly unless its very novel/exciting/etc. I made an offhand comment along the lines of "Have you ever though that maybe you have ADHD?" She said its possible and told me her only brother was diagnosed with ADHD(by a psychologist) in middle school, but her parents flat-out said "Nope, he just has a lot of energy".  So I started googling, and each run-down of ADHD symptoms I found fit her to a tee(aside from an inability to sit still). She took a few informal online tests that indicated she exhibits quite a few ADHD symptoms. So she made herself an appointment with a psychiatrist for an ADHD evaluation. This psychiatrists diagnosis was "You show almost every symptom of ADHD, but I'm not sure you have it". This left my wife disheartened and angry(rightfully so, I think), so she let the issue lie for a while. After our second child was born, my wife met with a different psychiatrist for an evaluation, and received a positive ADHD diagnosis in early-to-mid 2019 .   This is where things stand right now. She cannot start taking stimulant medication as she is still breastfeeding our youngest.  She also has looked into ADHD coaching as a possible solution, but it is expensive...  &amp;#x200B;  I am just looking for a ray of hope because I feel so utterly burned out in our relationship. When I look back over the past 9 years I mostly see myself scrambling and reacting to whatever she decides she wants that at that moment. I have my own responsibilities in life, and I try my best to stay on top of those, while also trying to catch her stuff that falls through the cracks because she though it was boring or "forgot". I feel like I cannot depend on her to keep her word, and its sometimes easier to do everything yourself than try to rely on someone who is by their own admission chronically unreliable. Her emotions must always take center stage, and when I venture to express how I'm feeling, her reaction to what I said immediately becomes more important. I have a hard time putting in to words how bitter I am about this giant relational imbalance in the validity of each of our feelings.   It is possible that I have dug my own grave by not setting healthy boundaries with her, but setting a boundary seems to involve telling someone "I do not like what you are doing right now". How is it possible to do that when your ADHD partner takes even the slightest hint of criticism as a outright personal attack? Each time I have tried to set boundary with her a DEFCON level 5 argument is the result, because she feels attacked. And double standards run rife in our relationship... What I have been able to gather is if she is angry/tired/stressed/hungry the Golden Rule is off the table.   I frequently fantasize about having an emotional affair, about being with someone who wants me to feel cared for. I know that's wrong, but isn't feeling cared for the basic fundamental need a long-term intimate relationship is supposed to fulfill? My wife swears up &amp; down that she cares about and deeply loves me, she just can't help herself from doing these inconsiderate things that I "interpret as unloving". Basically, if I don't feel loved, its MY problem.  I've read Gina Peras book. I've read Melissa Orlovs book. I scour the web and read articles from ADDitute magazine and VeryWellMind. But no matter how much I read I cannot understand how to make a relationship work when half seems incapable of putting their partner or the relationship ahead of having fun/being entertained/stimulated. Isn't that a fundamental part of a healthy relationship?  Does this all magically go away with medication? I apologize if this would be classified as a "rant" and therefore in the wrong place... I truly feel at the end of my rope, what keeps me going is not wanting my kids to grow up in a broken home.
