f3d1416f6aeb496834c64ad42b6a5b9530cacd5dbbef89f6d10f46bf9e1548d4;;;My SO is stuck on a negative comment I said when hurt in August. Any advice for how to help move last this blocker?;;;First post here, and via mobile so please forgive any formatting errors.    Background: My DX SO and I have been dating a little over a year. On our first date, he told me he has ADHD. I told him that's not a deal breaker for me; I come with my own anxiety/depression issues. Unfortunately, when we started dating, I'd say my knowledge of ADHD was very light, and certainly not always the right understanding.    He has a young child, in elementary school and I have a child who is a young adult. We live about 40 minutes from each other in a metropolitan area. He has a sometimes-contentious relationship with his child's mother. My child's father is a non-issue mostly due to my kid's age.    In the summer, his child experienced a particularly intense nightmare. His child decided they didn't want to continue coming over on the weekends (SO has child every weekend, split holidays). The mom did not push the child to move through it and therefore my SO lost out on several weekends in a row. This caused a lot of stress and sadness for him. Eventually, his child stayed over again but only on the condition that they sleep on the pull out couch in the living room with my SO. Sort of like camping, and fun for a couple nights right?    This went on for another month and a half. Basically this stopped me from sleeping over at his place on the weekends because he was downstairs with his kid. That along with some regular life stressors (busy work, reduced time together) started getting to me and I took it as a personal slight that he didn't WANT to spend time with me. I got frustrated that he wouldn't put his foot down and just make his kid sleep in their room.    During a call one Sunday, I asked if he could possibly bring his kid back to the mother's house an hour or two early so we could have an evening for our anniversary. He didn't feel comfortable doing that because the mom has been known to hold things like that and throw them back in his face later. Instead of understanding this and putting myself in his shoes, I blurted out that I didn't want to be in a relationship where I was always 2nd choice. As you can imagine, the conversation soured quickly after and we hung up.    It's six months later, we are still together but it has been strained. We ended up taking a time break and didn't see much or talk much in September. During this time, I started reading up on ADHD to try and better understand the issues m SO deals with daily. I started asking him questions about it. I'm reading books and blogs and joined subreddits. I know I can't know EXACTLY how he feels but I have learned a lot of ways to be a better, more supportive partner.    Over the months, he stopped the daily Good Morning texts, stopped saying he loves me, stopped calling me pet names, and in general reaching out first. This has caused my anxiety to flare up to almost uncontrollable levels. I started seeing a therapist to work on my issues. I want more than anything to be with this man for many, many years. He will tell me he likes me. He will say "of course I do!" when I ask him if he wants to date me. We have our inside jokes and connections.    Last week, he finally shared that the comment I'd made in August about being a second choice stuck in his memory. He's tried to move past it but can't. I think it's preventing him from fully processing a challenging time and fully returning to our relationship. I can see why - it was not a fair thing to say, it was hurtful and I'm sure made him feel like a disappointment when he was amazing at loving me. I would give anything to go back to that conversation and handle it with the knowledge I now have on how to support a partner dealing with ADHD. But I can't.    I do plan to have a talk with him about this roadblock. And about our relationship overall. I feel like he still loves me but I hurt him so he's set up a partition.    Does anyone out there have experience with a similar situation and have any advice?
