f47957e172387f3093324c9d2d3fe697547f8faf0ef601f3e8d2c2c3d3289ffb;;;Just found this sub;;;I know there's a subreddit for everything but I am so amazed by this sub. I'm not a cryinf person but I sobbed reading the posts here because I finally saw something familiar to my life. My husband is diagnosed and taking medication. I do not have ADHD but I do have anxiety. People know my username so using a throaway.    This may be a wall of text. I'm just so emotional right now. I love my husband and deep down I know that he loves me but we are falling apart. For years I've been trying to find a way for us to both be in this together, to both feel like equals but it's been an impossible task so far.    TL;DR - At rock bottom with my husband. Desperate for something in missing to make this work. He's really detached and I'm looking for help to help him a willing participant in rebuilding our marriage.   We cannot get out of this mother/child dynamic. It's destroyed so much. For example, we have zero intimacy. It's for a lot of reasons, but that is a huge one. If I act normal and never bring anything up, I firmly believe that my husband would be so happy and content. But doing that causes me to throw who I am as a person in the trash and be something that is watered down and barely human. I don't think it's anything malicious, I think he just really enjoys simplicity and searches for it no matter what it hurts.   I don't know what goes on in his head, but be only seems to "try" when there is a fight. It seems that otherwise , he thinks he cleaned the mess up and it's done. There hasn't been an understanding of managing his ADHD as a long term thing. He just sort of jumps to one problem and then the next while not learning anything. Sometimes it's like he forgets everything that's happened. Worse than that, he actually will remember things completely different and twist them. He'll leave out certain things that happened which make me look bad instead of him. We're barely in the same reality. He gets very defensive even if I try to talk calmly. I've gotten to the point I don't say anything. If he doesn't get defensive, he gets into this spiral of self pity. So if he hurt me and I sat something, I end up comforting him and he forgets that I was the one that was hurt. I don't feel like a person. I have no one to talk to.  We were in therapy together but I just couldn't do it anymore. The therapist never really gave him tools to help manage. Instead she pacified him and said that his diagnosis stops him from doing anything. It was always what more I could do. We saw her for four years. For 2 of those 4 he has a second therapist specifically for ADHD. He was doing Neurofeedback but thah stopped with COVID. They still speak biweekly. I just started my own seperate therapist but I still need time to see if it is a good fit.   I don't know what more I can do. I've tried watching YouTube videos together, books, workbooks I found online. He is very good at pretending but be doesn't seem interested in learning any more about how to make this all the best it can be. I tried being super supportive, I've tried ignoring everything. I try to talk to him and explain everything to him when we fight.  Instead it feels like he does enough to get out of trouble then go back to normal. Sometimes it feels like he's still a teenager. I struggle doing this and managing my anxiety. Honestly it doesn't feel like my anxiety matters since it produces things like trips and a balanced budget. I've tried giving him jobs that are his. He gets angry when he doesn't feel equal (it's never actual equal, he just needs to think it is) so I made sure he had things that were his and I didn't touch. One by one those things I had to take back becuase be continuously neglected them. I've taken so much away I don't know what we have left.    I'm also pretty sure he's close to losing his job. I try to help him and give him tips. He finally listened when be almost got written up a second time and is now going into the office more. We both work from home now and it was so hard to do my job and monitor his as well. I'm so drained I don't even know how I get up in the morning. When COVID hit and we worked from home he just shut down. Be played video games all day and didn't work. The gentle nudges became yelling after awhile because I was afraid he was going to get fired. He got written up instead. He'll. Just today we got a letter that were getting charged money from the HOA becuase he forgot the trash cans again. I don't leave the house but he does 3 days a week. He has to walk past them.   Am I missing something here? I'm running out of ideas. We've been together for 10 years and I'm watching our relationship dissolve into a friendship and I don't want our marriage to die. Not like this. Not ever. We want to get a bigger home. To build on, actually. It's my dream and I'm starting to second guess it because it may be too much for him and he regresses even more.   I'm running out off patience and will power. I know he probably beats himself up about this and feels horrible but it doesn't change how much I'm drowning in the emotional labor plus running both of our lives. I'm desperate for ways to get through to him so he can be a constant willing participant in managing our relationship. We've been surviving off of my anxiety and my mental health is declining. He sees things get done, bills get paid, we have a good life on paper. But he still doesn't see/understand what I have to sacrifice to make it all happen. There has to be something I don't understand.
