f7be81dc1d59ebdc69603c1ec3a21c9f7a842b814639e682d1fb719c1d53c919;;;Does adhd make insecurities worse? Does it create a false perception? Is it RSD?;;;Adhd partner has been incredibly unstable, on his meds it’s no arguments but coming down he’s pretty bad, it’s been a couple days since he started. Do you think the side effects would go away? He says it feels like he’s having withdrawals.   I’ve noticed this long ago that he’s easily very insecure and very unreasonable. It’s extremely childish how he thinks he’s warranted to be “mad”. No matter the truth or consoling. Recent example is we had a huge argument the night before and pretty much saying we should break up blah blah, and he does this a lot when he can’t handle an argument, etc. then he takes it back and acts all lovey dovey and I’m furious. The next day he said he wants to have an important talk to me about what happened. And when I’ll be home from work. I vaguely said 4. His friend hit him up to go hang out, and he asked if that’s okay. I was perfectly fine with it, as he hasn’t hang out with anyone for a long time, I thought it’ll make his night and he will enjoy some time apart. I just said we will talk before you leave right? And he said yes. The time comes and I’m about to leave and he said that his friend wants him to pick him up and he can’t wait. And at first I was a bit upset but i was understanding. I just asked but we will talk when you come home right? He said yes, and I’m like what time and he said I don’t know to be honest.. I need to make my smoothies for the next morning too. So I said uhh okay. Well have fun. We text a bit while he was with his friend. And he texted a text that didn’t warrant a response. There was no question, it was a dead end statement. I just read it and laugh and left him alone while I watch tv and enjoy the alone time waiting for him to come home to talk.   At this point it’s 11pm and he definitely doesn’t have time to make his smoothie so I made it for him cause I am free and I don’t want him to stress about it. It’s almost 12am and I’m getting worried. I call him like 5 times and it’s raining... so I’m major anxious. He finally comes home maybe 5 minutes before 12 and he comes in and the first thing he says is “did you go somewhere?” And I said “no” in a weird like why are you asking that. Then he said “why didn’t you text me back?” And I said well I did text you to see if you’re okay. And I showed it to him and he said you didn’t reply to the other one, and I’m like why?? There’s nothing to reply to... and he said so I’m not worth you time huh? And he walks away and he goes to kitchen to heat up his fast food and I said I was making your smoothie cause it was getting late, and he said but you can still text me back. I feel like I’m not worth your time, like what were you doing? I’m like WTF. I do not need to text you back, because it’s a text with no response to!!! I’m leaving you alone to hang with your friend, if you’re that bored just text you’re bored and I can text you. In my head I’m like How the fuck am I suppose to know? And he continues to get defensive and even seeing all the mess and smoothie I made cause I wanted him to not be stressed to make it, he didn’t appreciate or care about that at all. He just didn’t care but focused on the reality that we are adults I do not need to send him a text 24/7 and we live together for fucks sakes. Just cause he’s out with his friends I should be feeling like left out and abandoned... I haven’t hung out with my friends in forever due to my stress and depression from this relationship but that’s my decision. So in the end he didn’t even address our previous argument, and he said he wanted to break up again and I said OK you’re decision and then he took my phone as I was deleting his contact since he wants to break up and refused to give it back and is all lovey dovey. He broke down cause he doesn’t know how to handle it.. and he doesn’t want to lose me but he does everything to push me away and he doesn’t know why he does it. And at this point I’m just like lol ok whatever. Pretty much end of the ropes for me.   TLDR: is this common with adhd? His side effects for coming down is bad with meds will it lift after time? He gets sensitive and mad at me for not texting him back from a dead statement text..
f7be81dc1d59ebdc69603c1ec3a21c9f7a842b814639e682d1fb719c1d53c919;;;I can’t handle my adhd partner without his meds;;;I can’t handle my ADHD partner without his meds  He just started his medication and it’s been a great couple days of no arguments, I actually feel at ease and not walking on egg shells, there is a sense of relief. I see the man that I enjoy being with like in the beginning. How much we have in common. For the past couple months it’s been argument everyday, emotionally abusive. Me screaming in desperation for some sort of validation or understanding and him shutting down and just leaving me cause he can’t handle it.   He has the come downs at night from the meds  and I understand he gets irritable then.. so I just try to be mindful of it. But today already he said he’s gonna stop taking it to practice not depending on the meds, and how he’s more aware cause the meds make him think more before he says something and that he is gonna try to do it without medication, since he has a better grasp of how his brain stopped him from picking fights or causing some scene. I started feeling Anxious again cause I already can tell his body language isn’t relaxed.  He did something that morning to make me a bit upset and I decided to just tell him how it did and why, and he couldn’t handle it, he became defensive again. My needs of course ignored and it’s all about him and how he feels offended now. Tried talking to him again later and he is dismissive, our plans that day he isn’t going to come and do it with me because he just “doesn’t want to go” no other reason even though he kept saying let’s go out, it’s nice day, get some fresh air. So now that I try to push my anger aside he doesn’t want to do anything.   Honestly I don’t want to be like take your medication. Cause you’re easier to talk that way... it’s just idk anymore. How would you guys handle these situations?
f7be81dc1d59ebdc69603c1ec3a21c9f7a842b814639e682d1fb719c1d53c919;;;Boundaries;;;So it’s more of a vent but I’m known to be very hands on with my relationships. I love doing things for my partner and it should come natural to me, but I end up feeling like taken advantage of cause I don’t get the same treatment back. So I’ve been trying to create boundaries where I’m not mothering and doing everything so he can do it himself. He brought home important documents, and I advised him to put it where the files go so that it doesn’t get misplaced. He says he needs to go to the bathroom and I said just put it in that general vicinity so you don’t forget and it gets lost. And he says he really needs to go and I said I’m gonna end up doing it if you don’t. And he says then don’t I’ll do it. I guess he really needed to go to the bathroom. He comes back and the documents been sitting on my bed side and he laid down and relaxed when he got up I gave him the documents and told him to put it there, and he says you didn’t do it for me? And I said no cause I don’t want to be your mom (just to note we read about the dynamic and how it can cause a toxic dynamic) and do everything for you when you can do it. And he says you didn’t do it for me? I do a lot of things for you. I just sat there quiet and I ended up feeling like I need to do it.. and then he said okay give it to me and finally does it. And left angrily. Now I’m angry. Am I being overreactive?
