f865e1ac4c8ae1946b51adc9901eb9dc91d40681d0ed65b49a8b0e5c1de31efd;;;I [F/28/DX] just don’t want to help my [M/35/NDX] partner with his work anymore;;;I was diagnosed at a young age, was not medicated for most of my childhood, and started meds at 17. I’ve obviously had a long time to practice coping skills, I’ve been in CBT, I had supportive parents who helped me learn how to function decently well most of the time, and I’m very grateful for that.   My partner hasn’t been diagnosed, and he goes back and forth about whether or not he thinks he has ADHD or if he’s “just lazy.” Part of that is from his childhood, where he wasn’t ever encouraged or really even paid attention to- just told to work harder and didn’t have much parental interest in his schooling anyway.   He has a Bachelors, and now is working on a post-grad certification. He’s done part-time post-grad study in multiple fields over the seven years we’ve been together, so far none of which he has finished. Ignoring the frustration of ‘please just pick something and do it,’ my current issue is how irritating it is that I am always sucked into helping do his assignments at the very last minute.   It escapes me how I can remain supportive but get better at protecting my time and my emotional capacity by not getting drawn into his assignment stress. I’ve literally spent the last 4 hours editing, referencing, and discussing content for his work, when I have my own things to get done.   I’ve made suggestions about what works for me in terms of planning/progressing with writing/etc. and talked openly about the other academic coping strategies I was taught, even the ones I don’t personally use.   He both wants my help, but also gets frustrated and mad at me when I disagree about what is relevant to his assignments. I have two post-graduate degrees and am in a research degree at the moment, so it’s not that I’m out of touch with the requirements of academia.   If I’m quiet for 30 seconds, I’m “obviously too distracted/tired to help and should just go [to bed].” If I speak too quickly, I’m “being really unclear, it’s concerning that [I] don’t recognise that.” If I speak too slowly, I’m “clearly not interested or are too distracted.” Even then, if I were to actually go away, he gets cranky because he needs help and it won’t be done/done well without it. Usually these high stress situations are happening the day the assignment is due, for like 5+ hours up until the midnight deadlines, because he continually underestimated how long things will take him. If I suggest it might take longer, I’m obviously wrong and he knows how long things take, thanks.   If anyone has suggestions on how to communicate about not being able/willing to do this kind of thing anymore, I would be incredibly grateful. I’m happy to help in general, but I don’t want to help in these stressful bursts of last minute panic when he only seems to want what I can produce for him.   Sorry about the length, thank you for reading!   TLDR- how do I tell my partner I won’t/can’t help with his last minute assignment without coming across like a total dick?
