f8db1bff8f9995f2a8ec5edcfb43d78636cd451a2c28775af8425e3218226e25;;;Organization resources?;;;Hey all!   TW: pregnancy       My incredible partner (M32 dx, medicated) is wonderful and he tries really hard to be supportive and maintain things around the house. For a long time, I was bitter and resentful about why he “couldn’t just do XYZ like an adult” but as I’ve come to do more research and interact more with the ADHD community, I (33f) have come to recognize a lot of common issues and have taken a lot of that responsibility off of my partner.   Now, we’re having a baby! We’re so excited but I’m anxious because we need to get organized. I am pretty patient (I like to think) about the clutter around but with a baby coming I think we really need to get things corralled. That way when I’m holding an infant and trying to find a place to put a bottle down there will actually be a spot!   I’m thinking of hiring a professional organizer to help us rethink our space and plan for a spot for everything. I know this stresses my partner out to the max because object permanence is a big thing for him. It’s likely that the organizer hasn’t worked with an ADHD person before - is there anything y’all can think of that we should be really conscious of? Anything that we should have this professional integrate into our plan?
f8db1bff8f9995f2a8ec5edcfb43d78636cd451a2c28775af8425e3218226e25;;;How to get stuff done?;;;Hey y’all!   I love this sub for so many reasons, particularly the advice! Hopefully you have something for me, here.   My partner (32M, dx, medicated), is truly and absolutely wonderful. I do most of the mental labor in our house (due to my ability to remember that bills are due, when appointments are, etc.) and we balance that by having my partner do the consistent chores - laundry, dishes, trash. But we’re dropping the ball BIG time with house clutter.   My partner is exceptionally good at doing things when he knows they are important to me. It’s probably his main motivator to get stuff done, honestly. But I can’t seem to communicate that this clutter is making me go bananas.   His response is that it’s not a big deal, or we’re doing fine it just takes time, or that we’ll do it soon. Meanwhile, our house is being overtaken (not kidding, it’s a verifiable obstacle course) by cardboard (we’re having a baby shower this month and have received lots of delivered gifts) and papers and there are no surfaces left!   I think he’s overwhelmed by it, so I’d like a gentle way to explain that this clutter seriously bothers me. It makes me feel claustrophobic and makes me worried for when we have our kid that I won’t be able to keep up with it all.   Is it just a pull-the-tooth situation? Where I force us to sit down and go through stuff even though it’s obviously torture for him? I’d do it myself but I can’t lift most stuff at 7 months pregnant. Do I reframe it like nesting and hope that motivates?   What have y’all done with your partners to make these sort of tedious-but-also-overwhelming tasks more palatable to your partners?
