f949ef5668d760c80c6df63334b3e2ae125f5753925346f94950e653df4e9ae6;;;DX - Feeling guilty;;;New to reddit and this group. I was diagnosed about a year ago as an adult (my wife noticed the patterns in my behavior and encouraged me to get tested). My wife and I communicate well about my diagnosis, and on the whole knowing that the ADHD is there and that it’s what’s contributing to certain patterns of behavior has improved our communication and our patience towards one another. This includes the fact that I’m now on medication, and us recognizing when doses kick in/wear off.  Sometimes things don’t go so well though.   Long story short, we had a stressful and busy weekend due to an all-weekend family obligation (her side) along with some family drama not worth getting into here (we’re not *part* of the drama but we’re both feeling the stress of it through proximity to it), and I was especially irritable and resentful today. I was stuck in one of my “spirals” where I get fixated on an idea or series of ideas (in this instance, centering around the fact that any real potential downtime in the weekend to recharge introvert batteries was “gone”). The problem was exacerbated by me forgetting to take my meds this morning, but we hadn’t had time to turn around. We both recognized what was happening, but I was stuck between ranting and apologizing for ranting. It was extra unfair because she has much more of a right to be stressed and resentful about the lack of downtime than I am; we’re both busy with work, but her job is easily and recognizably much harder and I’m getting to work from home. Also the family stuff obviously hits closer to home to her.  She was really patient and understanding throughout the weekend, but I was still keyed up when we got home tonight and remained irritable and was hyper focusing with what remained of the evening (a bad combo, because it means I’m getting frustrated any time I’m asked to stop what I’m focusing on to direct my attention elsewhere).  One of my frustrated sighs at an interruption was the tipping point. I apologized but I could also tell that she had had it. She went to bed irritated and we said good night but I’m up late posting this because I took my meds later in the evening than I wanted based on when we got back home and they kept me awake, and I’m writing this instead of utilizing my precious downtime I was so obsessed with and ruined the evening over earlier, so seething at the loss and then seething at myself. Fatigue is just starting to overtake my emotions as I write this.  I’m having one of those moments where this diagnosis and the fact that I’m always going to be stuck with it is weighing more heavily than the victories we’ve had from knowing it’s there. I feel broken, and depressed at the unfairness that she’s as stuck with it as I am, sometimes in worse ways.  This is just sort of a general confession/lament/apology to you partners because my wife is asleep right now. I’m sorry. I’m going to try to be better.
