fadead6da6e4ed092dbac1c7774c58979f73a591478a46ebdbd02f5a747d364d;;;Just looking for hope...;;;Looking for some inspiration. It's been a rough week for SO (32M dx) and I (31F, sorta dx) and we've come to a point where we both needed some space. I stayed at my dad's house last night but had to come home today. This past year has just been so hard with minimal structure and dissipating discipline. I'm not ready to give up. We've been together for 4 years and want to have a future together. He's caring, loving, passionate, smart, funny, silly, sociable, and more.   Though he's my best friend, we have been getting stuck in the parent/child dynamic; ex: when it's the 7th time he said he would start the laundry and I have to find a creative way to gently remind him of this without hearing "you're not my mom" or "THIS IS WHAT I MEAN ABOUT THE NAGGING!" I hate it. And after reading many of the posts on here,  I know I'm not alone. What has been fueling my resentment lately is the fact that I have to be so incredibly patient, flexible, and understanding when requesting anything from him, or having any sort of discussion. Meanwhile, if I unintentionally leave out details in my communication with him (?) or do anything that might disrupt or inconvenience him, I have to brace myself for the lashing out... snapping, 0-60, yelling. It's just not fair. And don't even get me started with the sleep difficulties :(   SO is able to acknowledge that this is his issue, not mine. But he'll apologize and swear up and down that he'll make changes, then later fall into the same patterns. He's on medication though this regimen hasn't been re-evaluated in many years (prescribed by PCP). Not in therapy and again he agrees this is necessary but I'm scared about the lack of follow through. I know there's no easy answers or magic wand I can wave to make this stop, but I'd love to hear any success stories or surprising improvements that you all may have experienced.   TDLR Rough week, looking for success stories  Thanks for reading :)   P.S. I'm the loser who just learned what TDLR stands for
