fb2c86c3898bf230d8a0c9843cb4a7f32934e9e511852367ddf749a4117db53c;;;There's no balance in this relationship;;;I just found this sub and I'm so grateful, I've been having a tough time lately with my ADHD diagnosed/sometimes medicated partner. It's so validating to see other people having similar experiences and finding advice.   I've been feeling for a while that my relationship with my (36M) ADHD partner is out of balance, and I (32F) don't know how to fix it. We've been together for a little over a year and a half, with some ups and downs. We're currently in a down period and I don't know if we will make it out, to be honest.  He works in public service, and COVID has made his job 100x more difficult and 100x less fulfilling, which I can understand. He's deeply passionate about the social cause which he focuses on, and I respect and share his views on it. Lately though he's been discouraged and drained by his work, and ends every day venting about it, which is sometimes the only thing we talk about. He tends to dominate conversations when he gets going, which I knew from before, but it's worse now and the negativity that he pours on me is so hard to deal with. It's gotten to the point where it's the same talking points over and over.  The other night in particular was rough. He'd called me at the beginning of the evening and told me he was coming over, which I was happy about. Then I didn't hear from him for hours, and when he finally called me he said he'd had a last-minute meeting that went very very long. And of course the venting started, and lasted for 20 minutes. By this point it was 10:30pm, I was a little high, and I said "ok, no more work talk!" Which he took as an insult to his work, to his core beliefs, and to his calling and career.  He got very upset and essentially told me that his work was his life, and that I didn't support him at all, never mind the fact that I have spent so. many. hours helping him with tasks and being an emotional dumping ground. He basically told me that the solution is for me to help him *more*, and that any time I make a request he may or may not perceive it as criticism, which was somehow on me to manage.  I don't know what to do anymore. I had a long talk with him today and told him that while I do support him, I should also be able to request that we not talk about work for *part of one evening* without it becoming a referendum on whether or not I care about him or about social justice. I'm feeling exhausted.
