fb731eae737d7e9e9a2edae9df0de33f1d01bb59fc36f3200f28e6c98e68417b;;;Feeling hopeless;;;I’ve been in a relationship with my Dx boyfriend for about two years and the same problems seem to persist. We’re both 20 and started dating senior year of high school and very quickly moved in together. He is medicated and has been for a long time.   The first few months of our relationship were really great. I was impressed with his wit and sense of humor, we went on fun dates. Sexually, it was really intense and I was super happy to find someone who I felt sexually compatible with.   Things began to get real when we started living together. His ADHD symptoms had started to affect our relationship precious to this but it got so much harder when we started living together.   I feel like I can check every box on the “frustrating ADHD relationship” checklist. We’re always arguing over chores, I feel neglected and lonely, our courtship was intense and then things went downhill, I feel like I’m always nagging and mothering.   We’ve been arguing over chores and his messy habits since the beginning and I feel like not a lot has changed.  I still feel stuck with the burden of making sure the kitchen is stocked and clean and a million other chores. His defense is always that I need to relax, things aren’t that dirty and I just need to let it go. Alternatively his other defense is “well how was I supposed to know?”.   Both of these make me endlessly furious. I feel like I’m Hades from the Hercules movie about to straight up burst into flames. However, expressing any anger or discontentment or any emotion kicks his oppositional defiance disorder into full swing and takes extreme offense. I’m so tired of being the capable one.   He has a lot of trauma regarding disappointing and failing the the people in his life and I try to be tactful but sometimes I’m just exhausted.   Besides for the chores, I also feel super lonely in our relationship. When classes start to get difficult our relationship suffers. He’s terrible at working proactively on big projects and is always super stressed. There hasn’t been a semester where he hasn’t had to stay up all night and ignore me for days because of his procrastination. Not to mention that during these periods he does absolutely no chores. I usually end up cooking him dinner all week and doing all the housework.   I’ve repeatedly asked for more affection and little acts of love, emphasizing how anticipating my needs by doing chores is important to me. We just had a talk about love languages a week or so ago and it seems like nothing has changed.   I relate so strongly to all the other stressed, overworked, women on this subreddit waiting for a glimmer of hope. I’d love advice on how your partners manage their ADHD.
