fb8299ea294cc4227f1e9f511bdc49b0f167c606cb57ac12e0fb6234e176227d;;;Therapists charging 400-600 for an appointment;;;My husband has started seeing an ADHD life coach which seems great.  He was directed by his coach to look into therapists who specialize in ADHD and check to see if his insurance will cover it apparently most won't?). Today my husband told me that he made an appointment with a specialist but he doesn't take insurance so the initial appointment would cost 400 dollars !!!  Of course I told him to cancel it since we certainly cannot afford such an expense.  I asked why he needs to see a therapist and he said to get on the proper medication.  Can't his doctor prescribe any medication that he might need?  I just think it's disgusting that 1. Insurance companies won't work with these specialists and 2. These specialists charge such an Insane amount.
fb8299ea294cc4227f1e9f511bdc49b0f167c606cb57ac12e0fb6234e176227d;;;Placing Blame (dx);;;My husband and I got into it this morning before I had to leave for work.  He struggles with communication and instead of asking for clarification if he isn't sure he just assumes and carries on with what he's doing.  Of course, this creates problems.  A miscommunication lead to me feeling frustrated and being short with him.  In response he became rude asking "what is your problem this morning" and telling me that I hadn't been nice since I got up.  I let him know that his poor communication is frustrating to deal with and that I wasn't in the mood to deal with his stuff this morning.  I don't remember exactly what happened after, but I feel like he either made excuses or tried to justify what he did because the next thing I remember is me telling him that he sucks at communicating, problem solving etc.  His response to this was to yell at me and told me to "fuck off". We do NOT speak to each other this way, but when I told him that I was not going to tolerate being yelled at or spoken to that way he tried to justify it by saying that I told him that he sucks at communicating and time management.  He then said that I'm the only person in his life who thinks that about him.  He also accused me of gaining satisfaction from accusing him of having terrible communication and organizational/problem solving skills.    I don't understand how he could justify screaming at me and telling me to fuck off by telling me that he was equally offended by my telling him that he's terrible at communicating etc.    I also don't understand how I can be the only person who encounters this issue with him.  He just started a job as a first year teacher and he's doing great.  I think he finally found his place in the world and I'm excited for him.  However, this is the second time that he's brought up how great he's doing at work and how I'm the only person who has an problem with his disorganization and communication.  I've tried to explain that he and I have been battling his ADHD for 12 years (10 undiagnosed). Our relationship isn't comparable to any other and just because his brand new work relationships seem to be perfect we have been through a lot.  I don't know how to make him understand that comparing our relationship to his with other people isn't fair.    It also confuses me that he thinks I get satisfaction from pointing out his flaws.  The only reason I point them out is to bring them to his attention so that he can fix them.  I would LOVE to feel like he can recognize them on his own and fix them but that's not the case.    This sucks because I have a hard time not taking the blame for things but I know I need to stand my ground.  Any advice on how to handle this would be appreciated.
