fd4970e673adb3926156e318e91ae24de1e9ee26a6c0788087119968803e41e7;;;Unemployment cycle;;;Me (23F) and my boyfriend (24M) have been together since we were 16. In that time the longest time he has held down a job was 1 year and he's had 6 or so other jobs that he's stayed at for a couple of months and long periods of unemployment.  We've been very lucky in that his parents are very understanding and have always helped him pay his bills during unemployment so we've been able to continue living together without me having to take on his money issues. But I'm well aware this can't continue (and I don't want them to have to bail us out anymore).  Around 1 year ago he was finally diagnosed with ADHD and started medication (concerta Xl). He was so releaved and seemed to be starting to make positive changes - he actively searched for a college course and was very enthusiastic about it being right for him. I was doubtful as I've seen him like that about jobs before and it's never worked out but with the new medication and a shift in attitude I was hopeful.  1 month in and I could already see problems starting. He started sleeping in later and missing some of the online lectures and then just before Christmas he fell out with his tutor and stopped attending their classes all together (but continued to try and keep up with the coursework). Fast forward to now and he's still not handed in the first semester coursework and he's telling me he's thinking of dropping out and restarting another course next September. I've tried to convince him not to but he doesn't want to talk about it.  I just don't know what to do or how to feel. Obviously his mental health comes first and I don't want to overwhelm him but also I just don't know if this cycle is ever going to break and I dont think I can keep going with this constant instability in my life. He is an amazing guy in terms of other relationship aspects and very understanding that this is hard for me. It breaks my heart to think of leaving him - he's my best friend but running out of other options.  Any advice?  TL;DR   partner in a constant cycle of new job and unemployment. Now finally diagnosed and medicated he started a college course (with lots of support available from college) but is now about to drop out. How can we break the cycle??
