ff4ec194c99ffc268f5bcbf2a49fc009973ee9c005fd46d5076a61bb7e1b3431;;;Help Understanding ADHD Partners Distancing. What is real?;;;I’m new here so I apologize if this is a duplicate post.  I have been dating a woman with ADHD for almost a year and we had known each other for a few years beforehand. Unfortunately, Alrhough I knew she was on meds, we didn’t expressly discusss her ADHD. My god I wish We had. It wouldn’t have changed my feelings for her one ounce. But it could have helped our communications recently.   Both in our late 30’s and each with previous relationship “baggage” we had very open and frank conversations as we became close. We both agreed not to rush and that we wanted to truly be best friends before we became intimate. It was the most comfortable and natural growth into a loving relationship that either of us have ever experienced. She (ADHD) and I (depression) both felt like we understood each other in ways that others never could. She is the most caring, honest, loving and compassionate person I’ve ever met in my life. I just naturally treated her like gold any time I could. I never felt like I had to. I just wanted to. Her goodness made me a better person.   She would tell her close friends and family that she couldn’t believe I was real. That she never thought someone could be so caring and thoughtful. Anything I did, down to the smallest act, seemed to genuinely move her. She never missed an opportunity to thank me or say how much better I was than anyone else.   Now, I know past boyfriends haven’t treated her well. I don’t know details but she mentioned it. And she definitely had her moments where she would get upset at me before I could even react. She would assume I was going to get mad, even when i wasn’t. She would later admit that she’s become programmed to getting defensive because of past relationships. This happened occasionally, but we always talked it out and it was never a an issue. We almost never had any serious fights.   A little Over a month ago we were both very stressed. Not knowing ADHD, I took her delayed text replies or forgotten plans as a sudden lack of care. My own insecurities and anxiety started kicking in and before I knew it, I was picking fights over text message that quickly ballooned. Not understanding why she missed half of what I was saying, it triggered me and I blew up at her.  I said things I regret. The regret is compounded now that I know just how deeply a person with ADHD feels emotion. On top of that, it’s not in my nature to get angry and say bad things. Then she disconnected. My biggest trigger. I can’t deal with someone close not answering me. Now I know she needed space to calm down. But at the time, each unanswered text made me more and more frantic. Little did I know that each text was overwhelming her more and pushing her away. A vicious cycle.   When we finally talked in person, we each apologized and acknowledged what we had done wrong. But then she blindsided me by saying “well you can’t just expect things to go right back to the way they were”.  It was as if I had cheated on her or done something abusive and she was “cautiously taking me back”. I couldn’t understand it. If arguments are on a scale of 1-10, this was a 5 at worst. And prior to it, we had no issues. We had even just had an amazing week away together. How could our relationship be so fragile that 1 argument causes weeks of distance and anguish?  She then told me that she was overwhelmed and needed to focus on herself to get her life in order. She said she didn’t want to lose me but that we needed to stay friends “for now”.  Again, hit me like a ton of bricks. If there was one thing I asked from day one is for her to communicate with me. I had been badly blindsided by my ex wife and I told her I couldn’t be in a relationship where we didn’t have an honest understanding of where we stood as a couple at any given point.   Needless to say I didn’t react well. I didn’t get mad or say anything bad, I just broke down and tried to make sense of it. This was someone who called every night to say I love you before bed. Someone who agreed with me that we could see marriage some day. I was crushed. As I left her, she was in tears and asked “can I talk to you when I’m ready?”  I just walked away. How long would it take to be “ready?” I was too hurt to think.   My own depression spiraled me into a very dark place. I felt betrayed. I lost all perspective on life and couldn’t identify what was real and what wasn’t. I couldn’t think of a single reason, example or moment in the past year that would indicate she wasn’t anything but genuine. But then why would she just cut me out?  Unfortunately before i knew the true impact and extent of ADHD, I made the grave mistake of continually reaching out. Now I know she needed space. So she wouldn’t reply because she was overwhelmed and I’d become more frantic and depressed at the no contact. I eventually bottomed out at a near nervous breakdown. I couldn’t take it anymore. I called her because I was seriously scared that I was losing my mind and something bad would happen. She told me this was unhealthy for her and she couldn’t deal with it. Then she stopped answering. I am fortunate that I don’t have suicidal thoughts because that was almost as bad as if my mother had disowned me at my lowest point. My grief turned to resentment and anger and i sent her a series of messages accusing her of lying, using me and being a completely fake person.   Now in retrospect I’m horrified that I lost it that way and said things that would hit a normal person hard, let alone someone with ADHD. I won’t ever forgive myself for that. Sure, we could have discussed her condition more, but nothing excuses anger and insults.   I’ve since waited a few weeks and sent her a very honest apology. I didn’t claim to know her exact condition, but I made sure to validate her feelings and explain that I now understand why she felt certain ways and where I failed to properly handle her feelings.   I guess I’m just at a loss. Did she really love me? Was she afraid to fully break up with me or did she really need space to focus herself?  Would she eventually come back and if so have I ruined any chance of that with my outburst?
