ff9bda403ee23220ca869bee0779e23db84f6a3020192799c268978706a4a7b0;;;Counseling &amp; Impact on non-ADHD Partner.;;;My spouse (ADHD dx) has struggled with this for years. Finally diagnosed about 6 months ago. We have 3 kids: 8, 6, and 18 months. The 18 month old is a product of one of her three affairs. We are now on the inside times - quarantined at home til whenever. I work from home during this period, and she is not working. She typically works per-diem but has not asked for more shifts/hours as she does not want to work with coronavirus in her hospital.  She is taking meds, sporadically, and no / little focus on if they are helping or adjusting the meds. She constantly diminishes the impact of her ADHD to her psychiatrist, counselor, and ADHD coach. I'm struggling mightily and need some advice if I'm being unreasonable with the following:  Her counselor has said she needs to focus on only 2 things, and 2 things alone. She's trying to do too much. First thing: wake up by 7:30, take meds, start the day. Second thing, go for a walk with the kids at their first break. I asked her what the implication was for everything else - and her answer was those are the only two important things, and I need to support her / praise her for doing them.  The baby typically wakes up around 6:30. The other two around 7. I'm now responsible for getting them up, dressed (the smallest), and fed. Then start my day job all day, but come up throughout the day if she wants to take a nap, needs time to herself, or wants to do a hobby. I've read a bunch of books on this, and have worked to set expectations, boundaries, and more - but with her counselor saying "those two things only matter" I can't. I'm mean, unkind, and a jerk if I say it's too hard for me to do it all while working.   I've asked to attend a session with her counselor but she said he said that wouldn't be appropriate.  Am I unreasonable to ask for more than those two items? Or am I making it harder on her / me / the family by having too many expectations?
